Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Jean-Luc Mélenchon barges way into tight French presidential race Le Pen steps up anti-immigration rhetoric ahead of French election US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Trump moves to push ‘Hire American’ agenda Trump congratulates Erdogan on controversial referendum victory Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Weetabix to be sold to US group Post Holdings for $1.76bn Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya faces extradition after London arrest Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election The market indicators to watch in France’s presidential election Pound leaps to 10-week higher after UK snap election plan Active fund managers can add value but price is still too high Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe May is the most culturally conservative leader since Thatcher London’s housing crisis is abetted by illicit funds Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub The best advice for parents at the start of term Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television London life: what should you give to ‘homeless’ people? We’re going on an au pair hunt Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times JPMorgan accused of fraud over tech company sale Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Banks and Clients Tussle Over What It Will Cost to Read Analysts by Stephen Morris @sjhmorris More stories by Stephen Morris and Stefania Spezzati @stespezzati More stories by Stefania Spezzati April 18, 2017, 7:00 PM EDT JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank mull pricing as free research era ends ‘Pay as you go’ phone-style plans mulled as MiFID II comes in Just months before banks stop giving trading clients market research for free, they’re still locked in discussions about how much to charge. As a European ban on bundling research with brokerage services looms, banks are sounding out asset managers and hedge funds on what they’d be prepared to pay. Money managers say they’re getting quoted $50,000 for a basic package from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s fixed-income analysts. But no firm is allowing itself to be pinned down quite yet. Deutsche Bank AG and Commerzbank AG are pitching a metered, “pay as you go” approach for smaller investors less able to swallow large, up-front subscriptions, according to three people, who asked not to be identified as pricing discussions are commercially sensitive. For the largest hedge funds, all-inclusive packages are on offer, with perks such as VIP analyst access, conference discounts and unlimited research notes. “We are still waiting for banks to say definitively how much and what you get for certain prices,” said Richard Benson, a London-based managing director and co-head of portfolio investment at Millennium Global Investments Ltd., which oversees $14 billion. Quotes “range from very low to the hundreds of thousands, but I doubt we’ll have clarity this side of the summer break.” He declined to comment on pricing from specific institutions. Cost Scrutiny Charge too little and regulators might accuse you of gaming the system, while getting the pricing wrong could alienate key customers and drive their trading business elsewhere. The squeeze in margins has been so severe in stock and bond dealing that it’s already led to the loss of about 11,500 sales, trading and research jobs over the past six years, according to data from Coalition Development Ltd. Active asset managers, in their struggle to compete against cheaper passive strategies, are paring back on costs including research. The European Union’s MiFID II regulations, enforced from Jan. 3, aim to tackle conflicts of interest by requiring asset managers to separate the trading commissions they pay from investment-research fees. Regulators are concerned investors that generate huge commissions may route business to traders at their favorite analysts’ firms in exchange for privileged access to the best ideas, even if they aren’t getting the best deal for their funds’ clients. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority also say a lack of transparency means investors can overspend on research with impunity. $75,000 Estimate Integrity Research, a U.S. consultancy, estimates investment banks currently effectively charge clients $75,000 a year on average for access to their analysts’ publications, based on its own extrapolations from banks’ pricing systems and a poll of about 70 firms. Among boutique research-only houses, U.S.-based MoffettNathanson LLC, which focuses on telecom and media, commands annual subscriptions of $100,000, and more for phone access to analysts, according to three people with knowledge of its pricing structure. That’s the kind of expense investors may balk at paying. The introduction of MiFID-related fees means asset managers in Europe and the U.S. will cut more than $300 million in spending on external research, consulting firm Greenwich Associates estimated in a recent survey. “MiFID 2 is supposed to level the playing field and help the smaller investors, but it’s having the opposite effect, because we can’t afford to pay as much as the larger firms," said Mark Holman, chief executive officer at TwentyFour Asset Management LLP in London, which oversees about 5 billion pounds ($6.4 billion) of fixed-income assets. U.S. Divergence The situation is unique to Europe, as the U.S. has no plans to introduce a similar fee-based system. This could lead to firms moving some operations across the Atlantic in order to circumvent the EU rules, some traders and investors have said. A spokesman for the U.K. FCA said the agency hasn’t put any guidance out on pricing research, nor has ESMA. Banks’ research teams and large investors in talks with these regulators concur, saying they’ve received no indication of acceptable prices. Given the wide divergence of preliminary quotes, money managers are finding it difficult to budget for next year, one manager at a hedge fund said. This person has been pitched prices for equity research ranging from $50,000 a year to more than $100,000. German Banks Among the differing approaches to pricing, Deutsche Bank has long had a monitoring system tracking how many people from a client firm are logging in and how much they are reading. As it refines this system, the bank is coming up with a base user charge and is meeting clients to hammer out pricing. One medium-sized London-based investor said they were quoted 60,000 euros ($64,400) for a year’s entry-level fixed-income services from the German lender, but was told this price is not set in stone. Most clients will pay more than this, according to a separate person familiar with the bank’s strategy. Commerzbank isn’t proposing a price yet, but is outlining what a tiered system might look like, according to marketing documents seen by Bloomberg News. Fixed-income, currency, commodity and macro subscriptions will come in “pay as you go,” “select” and “all-in” levels, the document shows. The select option allows clients to pay for specific asset classes, such as emerging markets; the “all-in” option charges a flat fee for unlimited research as well as access to any analyst. For equity research, the German lender will introduce silver, gold and platinum memberships with language similar to mobile-phone contracts, describing them as, respectively, pay-as-you-go, prepaid-card and flat-rate, the presentation shows. Platinum includes “VIP” and analyst access, and discounts on conferences and the bank’s measure of its time spent on clients, known as “research service units.” Almost all banks are stressing they’d prefer to continue charging nothing and are leaving all fees open to negotiation, while keeping a close eye on their competitors, investors say. JPMorgan JPMorgan, the biggest U.S. bank, has been floating $50,000 for a basic fixed-income research option, with prices increasing for more tailored packages and better access to analysts, according to two people who spoke in condition of anonymity. Both banks have stressed prices are yet to be finalized. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up One senior manager at one of the largest European asset managers said JPMorgan’s move to price at the cheaper end of the scale was an attempt to win market share from rivals. The executive said the big investment banks were pricing fixed-income research packages around $250,000, but one European bank had proposed charging nothing for two years as an introductory offer, only to be batted down by EU regulators. Another asset manager has been quoted about $600,000 for credit research. JPMorgan, Commerzbank and Deutsche Bank spokesmen declined to comment. Firms pitching lower prices include Berenberg, the Hamburg-based broker traditionally known for its research. Managers there have been asking their fixed-income clients what they think of paying about 20,000 euros a year, one of the people said. "All the banks are speaking to clients about MiFID at the moment," Berenberg spokesman Karsten Wehmeier said. "We can’t comment on any figures." Ben Kumar of Seven Investment Management lamented the end of free analysis, saying it was useful to compare the big banks’ take on a company with the boutique research his firm paid for. “Access on demand is great,” said Kumar, a London-based money manager whose firm oversees about 10 billion pounds. “I might not need it one month, then spend the next devouring whatever I can find on Vietnam as an investment opportunity. It’s tough for a bank to price that.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone’s 10th Anniversary This Man Is Spending Millions to Break Elon Musk's Trump Ties Facebook Gives Staff Green Light to Join May 1 Political Protests At Kushners' Manhattan Tower, Debt Payments and Losses Increase May Chases an Early U.K. Election in Gamble for Brexit Unity Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
About US Contact US Registration Wednesday April 19th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 19, 2017  /  Comments Off on Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals       Print       Email MIL OSI United Nations – Source: United Nations 4 Headline: Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals While a daunting $90 trillion would be required to tackle sustainable development challenges in the coming years, speakers at today’s General Assembly Action Event warned that the cost of inaction would ultimately be far deeper, with humanity’s very future hanging in the balance.Executives from various financial firms — including JP Morgan Chase and AVIVA Investors — joined Member States at the Assembly’s “SDG Financing Lab”, discussing ways to align financial markets with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.  Speakers from across those diverse sectors agreed that private investment in development could be scaled up dramatically by reducing risk and educating companies about the bottom-line benefits of sustainability. However, many delegates also voiced concern that those opportunities could be overshadowed by a rising tide of nationalism and a resurgence of protectionist policies around the globe.  Some urged Governments to resist those trends, calling instead for open, inclusive markets to help level the playing field. Assembly President Peter Thomson (Fiji) said at the outset that estimates put the cost of achieving all 17 Sustainable Development Goals at $6 trillion annually until 2030.  “While these sums may seem enormous, and the complexity of reforms needed to mobilize these funds may seem prohibitive, the fact is that the cost of our inaction will ultimately be far greater,” he said.  As the private sector was the custodian of the world’s largest pool of resources, the main challenge was to create the right incentives and enabling environments to help businesses reorient investments towards sustainable development. United Nations Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed agreed that it was in the interest of all countries, companies and people to tap the wealth of good that sustainable development would bring in environmental, economic and social terms.  Noting that financial flows and investments were increasingly being aligned with the Goals, she said mobilizing pension funds, the insurance sector and other large pools of capital could produce even greater wins.  Sustainability should guide the creation of incentive structures, inform consumer preferences and shape shareholder interests, she said, adding:  “The dividends will reverberate far and wide.” Mahmoud Mohieldin, Senior Vice President for Partnerships, United Nations Relations and the 2030 Agenda of the World Bank Group, called on all stakeholders to take investment more seriously in such areas as human resource development, affordable housing and infrastructure improvement.  Noting that the private sector was moving beyond philanthropy to better understand the opportunities presented by the Goals, he nevertheless underscored the importance of standardizing sustainability into markets on a larger scale. As the Assembly opened its panel discussion on the theme, “What will it take to finance the Sustainable Development Goals? From ambition to reality”, keynote speaker Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman of the Indian telecommunications giant Bharti Enterprises, recalled that trade liberalization had lifted 1 billion people out of poverty worldwide.  Pointing out that India was among the most open countries in terms of global investment, he expressed concern over protectionist voices emanating from some parts of the United States and Europe.  He also emphasized the role of Governments in mandating corporate social responsibility, pointing to India’s establishment of a “name-and-shame” index in that regard. Matt Arnold, Global Head of Sustainable Finance for JP Morgan Chase, said the main challenge to investing private capital in sustainable development projects was risk.  Banks did not own the funds they lent, and depositors expected to get their money back.  JP Morgan had nevertheless begun to chart potential action on the Sustainable Development Goals, he said, stressing that banks could be an important force for good but “we need to be educated.” A number of speakers during the ensuing plenary debate echoed those hopes and concerns, while outlining their particular national and regional challenges.  China’s representative, on behalf of Brazil, the Russian Federation, India, China and South Africa (the “BRICS” Group), expressed concern that the global financial recovery suffered from a lack of dynamism, inadequate governance and stagnant investment.  Pointing to a rise in “anti-globalization” thinking and declining political will, he urged States to resist protectionism and urged developed nations to bear the primary responsibility for financing sustainable development. Similarly, Ecuador’s representative, on behalf of the “Group of 77” developing countries and China, said the 2030 Agenda required a revitalized global partnership which took into account differing national realities.  Spotlighting the transfer of technology on preferential terms and the creation of a non-discriminatory global trading system as key elements, he voiced concern that least developed countries had been sidelined by global investment.  Financing should address their special needs, including through blended or pooled financing, risk mitigation and infrastructure development, he said. Also speaking during the panel discussion were Steve Waygood, Chief Responsible Investment Officer, AVIVA Investors; Elliot Harris, Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP); and Giulia Porino, Finance Watch.  The session was moderated by Rachel Kyte, Chief Executive Officer, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL). Taking part in the plenary debate were representatives of Ethiopia, El Salvador (on behalf of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States), European Union, Belize (on behalf of the Caribbean Community), Maldives (on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island Developing States), Bangladesh (on behalf of the Group of Least Developed Countries), Luxembourg, Cuba, Tajikistan, Venezuela, Panama, Sri Lanka, Honduras, Japan, Afghanistan, Colombia, Brazil, Republic of Korea, Kenya, Morocco, Qatar, Cabo Verde, Myanmar, Mexico, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nepal, Timor-Leste, Philippines, United Republic of Tanzania and Kazakhstan. The Assembly will reconvene at a date and time to be announced. Introductory Remarks PETER THOMSON (Fiji), President of the General Assembly, opening the session, said today’s meeting built on a series of events aimed at driving global action to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.  Stressing that few issues could be more central to that goal than the mobilization of resources, he said financing the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) would require an estimated annual $6 trillion investment, or $90 trillion over 15 years. “While these sums may seem enormous, and the complexity of reforms needed to mobilize these funds may seem prohibitive, the fact is that the cost of our inaction will ultimately be far greater,” he said.  Indeed, inaction could jeopardize the very future of humanity.  Noting that the needed “exponential transformation” also offered opportunities for economic growth, social development, climate action and environmental protection, he emphasized the importance of bringing together all stakeholders, and aligning both financial markets and investment patterns with the 2030 Agenda. He said a key feature of today’s “SDG Financing Lab” was the participation of private sector actors, which were the custodians of the largest pool of global resources and drivers of entrepreneurship and innovation.  Drawing particular attention to the participation of Aviva, one of the largest insurers, he said the main challenge was in creating the right incentives and enabling environments to help the private sector orient its businesses and investments towards the world’s sustainable development needs. Noting that efforts by Governments, central banks and financial regulators were already leading to positive developments in that respect, he underlined the need to reform policy and regulatory frameworks to leverage public and private financing for the Sustainable Development Goals.  “We must also foster foreign investment and support banks to invest in higher-risk, longer-term projects,” many of which were in developing countries, he said, urging that investments also be made to tackle the drivers of conflict, displacement and humanitarian crises.  “It is time to shape global economic and financial governance structures and trade rules to help create a level playing field,” he concluded. AMINA J. MOHAMMED, Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations, said it was in the interest of all countries, companies and people to tap the wealth of good that sustainable development would bring in environmental, economic and social terms.  Significant resources were needed to realize the global vision to leave no one behind, as was a strategic approach that made the most of all investments.  First, official development assistance (ODA) commitments must be met consistently and predictably, and then used in a catalytic way to help develop domestic resources and activate local investor bases.  The United Nations could help countries shift from international to domestic sources for financing the Sustainable Development Goals. Increasingly, she said, financial flows and investments were being aligned with the Goals, but mobilizing pension funds, the insurance sector and other large pools of capital could produce even greater wins.  Sustainability should guide the creation of incentive structures, inform consumer preferences and shape the interests of shareholders.  Collectively, such forces could generate unstoppable positive momentum.  “The dividends will reverberate far and wide.  Success on the Goals would trigger beneficial results that will feed project pipelines leading to progress on gender, economic growth and climate action,” she said, adding that “investing in a world of dignity and opportunity generates secure markets, thriving consumers and protected natural resources.” A United Nations Foundation study showed that closing gender gaps in access to products and services could expand economic activity by $300 billion annually by 2025, she said, empowering millions of women to generate their own income, support their families and participate in markets.  Where people had decent jobs, enough food and good opportunities for their children, there was greater social cohesion.  Now was the moment to seize invaluable opportunities to leverage funding and innovation.  Citing examples, she said the World Bank and BNP Paribas were cooperating around Sustainable Development Goal-linked bonds, showing the powerful role of capital markets in connecting savings with development priorities, while offering investors an attractive risk-reward profile.  AVIVA Investors was promoting Sustainable Development Goal benchmarks, allowing individual investors to reward companies that performed well against sustainability goals, creating a clear commercial and reputational incentive for businesses to improve their sustainability credentials. Stressing that youth were at the cutting edge of innovation, she said leaders could “provide oxygen” to that spark by securing rights and freedoms.  In the developing world, such progress could be facilitated by supporting South-South cooperation and working to close the digital divide.  “The more we can help countries of the South to learn from each other, the more we will engender self-reliance and the ability to mobilize domestic resources.  And the more we can link energetic and creative young people to each other and society, the better our chances of success and peace,” she said. The critical ingredient for success was leadership, she said, and the United Nations was doing its part to live up to the expectations.  Noting that she was leading a comprehensive review of the United Nations development system, she said:  “I am open to your ideas for how we can do more to support your efforts and optimize our common contributions to development”.  The Organization was advocating a strong commitment to maintaining and increasing contributions to both ODA and South-South cooperation, and funding to the Green Climate Fund.  It was also joining forces with Governments, philanthropists and private investors to stimulate sustainable investment at all levels.  The agreements adopted in 2015 needed resources to become reality.  “By scaling up all sources of financing — public and private — countries will earn respect, investments and results in the form of progress for their people and stability for our world,” she said.  “I call on all of you here to give real meaning to this high-level meeting by acting on your responsibility as leaders in your different capacities to live up to your promises and do what is right.  This is a call on behalf of the working mothers, the unemployed fathers, and young people who have an education but cannot find a job,” she said.  “Let us realize this life of dignity for all.” MAHMOUD MOHIELDIN, Senior Vice President for Partnerships, United Nations Relations and the 2030 Agenda of the World Bank Group, agreed that there had been much convergence on how to do business better.  However, it was critical to scale up resources “from billions to trillions”, which would be needed to finance the 2030 Agenda’s implementation.  Recalling that discussions on boosting development financing had begun in 2013 — leading to the Agenda’s 2015 adoption — he said expectations on that front were mixed.  Stakeholders agreed that official development assistance (ODA), while critical for developing countries, would not be enough, and that more domestic resources mobilization was needed. While positive developments had been seen in some countries, he said serious concerns remained not only around financing but about the “real world” challenges of climate change, pandemic threats, rising inequality, displacement and major demographic shifts.  It was crucial to support the financial sector in becoming more inclusive and to put in place incentives, guarantees and de-risking structures.  Pointing to a recent unprecedented $75 billion investment in the International Development Association — also known as the Bank’s “fund for the poorest” — he called on all stakeholders to take investment more seriously in such areas as human resource development, resilience-building, affordable housing, infrastructure improvement, food and agriculture, health and well-being.  He said the private sector was now going beyond philanthropy to understand the opportunities presented by the Sustainable Development Goals and described efforts to both steer and target development financing, notably by excluding companies involved in armaments, gambling, nuclear weaponry, tobacco and similar areas.  The Bank was also working to ensure that risks and returns were properly managed through liquidity filtering and low-volatility filtering.  “It’s not just about the transaction,” he stressed, but about standardizing sustainability on a larger scale.  He pointed out that small island developing States and landlocked developing countries required special support, and outlined the Bank’s efforts to prevent and address such challenges as fragility, violence, armed conflict and forced displacement. Panel Discussion The panel discussion “What will it take to finance the Sustainable Development Goals? From ambition to reality” was moderated by Rachel Kyte, Chief Executive Officer, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All, and featured a keynote address by Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman, Bharti Enterprises, and Chairman, International Chamber of Commerce.  Delivering presentations were Steve Waygood, Chief Responsible Investment Officer, AVIVA Investors; Elliot Harris, Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP); Matt Arnold, Global Head of Sustainable Finance, JP Morgan Chase; and Giulia Porino, Finance Watch. Ms. KYTE said that given the bounty of public and private sustainable finance experience, the focus should now be on speed and scale.  “We need to be at 10 times the levels we are at the moment,” she said, asking how the financial system could be harnessed around sustainable development to make it move more aggressively and with more alacrity.  The public sector would have to take greater risks and find new ways to induce the private sector to move faster.  “Leaving no one behind” meant that risks in post-conflict countries were different than in other nations, she said, underlining that there was no one-size-fits-all approach. Mr. BHARTI said financing the Sustainable Development Goals would become the most important global purpose in the coming years.  Businesses could not move much further without being guided by the policies of various agencies and Governments worldwide.  Nor could Governments advance without the contribution of businesses.  The speed required to deliver the Sustainable Development Goals would be lost if the private sector was not involved.  With 6 million members worldwide, the International Chamber of Commerce now had a seat at the United Nations table and intended to use its voice to attach itself to the Goals. Trade liberalization, he said, had lifted at least 1 billion people out of poverty worldwide.  Global trade allowed developing countries to grow economically and low- and middle-income countries had greatly benefitted from open trade.  His country, India, was one of the most open countries in terms of global investment, and neighbouring Sri Lanka and Pakistan had opened their doors as well.  Yet, the Chamber of Commerce was deeply concerned by protectionist voices emanating from some parts of the United States and Europe.  The Chamber of Commerce focused on the Trade Facilitation Agreement and its effectiveness in creating access to global markets and examined how the Internet could connect markets, even in the tiniest places in Africa and Asia, to the developed world.  Another area of focus was financing for small- and medium-sized enterprises. The United Nations must use all its power to ensure that the developed world did not shut its doors on global trade, he said, stressing that more than $1 trillion in trade could be opened by the Sustainable Development Goals.  “There is a good business case for the Goals,” he said.  “Businesses would grow three times faster.  That is the power of adopting the Sustainable Development Goals.”  Highlighting the role of technology in accelerating the 2030 Agenda, he said Groupe Spécial Mobile Association, a trade body representing the interests of mobile operators worldwide, was the first body to adopt the Sustainable Development Goals in full scope.  The Association had worked closely with various agencies on disaster response, mobile money and utilities.  In the telecommunications world, the power big data was generating had been used to address epidemics and natural disasters.  Worldwide, 4.8 billion people had mobile phones, nearly 3.6 billion of them in emerging markets, with radio signals found deep in forests and deserts.  There was no substitute for a strong, viable telecommunications network that was technologically advanced and affordable for people to use.  “Inclusive trade must be the central priority if we are to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals,” he concluded, emphasizing that the Chamber of Commerce was committed to working closely with United Nations to ensure that the Goals were achieved within the stated timeframe. Mr. WAYGOOD said AVIVA Investors had half a trillion dollars in assets under management, with sustainable development embedded into investment decision-making.  The global economy and markets’ current structures were unsustainable.  “If the markets were structured properly, the Sustainable Development Goals simply would not exist,” he said.  “It is palpable just how much more focus there is now on the role of finance in achieving the Goals.  Noting the distinction between the different sectors and how to structure incentives and policy, he said market structure today was not well understood by citizens.  Most citizens did not know where insurance companies invested money or how investors chose a fund manager and bought and sold on market exchanges.  As a consequence, there was a lack of transparency and accountability in the financial system.  In the investment world, three years, even three months, was a long-term period. In examining how the international regulatory structure was working, he said the G-20, European Commission, United Nations and many Member States, for the first time, had started to envision in the last two years a road map for sustainable markets.  At such a historic moment, he emphasized the significance of recognizing the knowledge that the Global Compact, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and the Climate Investment Forum had at its fingertips.  That information was embedded in the Monterrey Consensus on Financing for Development, yet the “invitation had not been sent”, he said, calling on Member States to spread the message to his peers in the financial sector. Mr. HARRIS, Assistant Secretary-General and Head of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)’s New York Office, said the issue of profit was the very reason for the private sector’s existence.  In that regard, the 2030 Agenda must be made consistent with the way profit was made, he stressed, adding:  “It’s not just good business, it’s good for business.”  Over the next 15 years, it would become increasingly clear that sustainable production and consumption and resource efficiency were good for a company’s bottom line, but to date, sustainability efforts had been hampered by inertia and a lack of information on potential returns.  There was also a lack of methodology for assessing and managing those new risks, which turned many investors away from green projects, he said.  Noting that information could help businesses overcome those hurdles, he said the shift towards increased disclosure and forward thinking could help companies to be more sustainable, adding that they would need to address questions related to resource efficiency, climate change and the future desires of their clients.  Developing countries in particular would face challenges related to the lack of a pipeline of bankable sustainable projects at scale, he said, noting that the due diligence required for piecemeal small-scale investments would prove too onerous going forward.   Mr. ARNOLD, Global Head of Sustainable Finance, JP Morgan Chase, cited a major “cultural gap” between the United Nations and what was happening in the corporate world.  Indeed, a group of translators and anthropologists would be needed to help bridge the gap between the Sustainable Development Goals and the work of entities whose intrinsic function was to make a profit, with today’s dialogue serving as a critical platform for such efforts.  Noting that JP Morgan Chase was both a bank and an asset management firm, he said the challenge to using the company’s capital for sustainable development was risk.  Banks did not own the funds they lent, and depositors expected to get their money back.  Similarly, asset managers had a fiduciary responsibility to their clients to generate the highest return possible.  Against that backdrop, he said JP Morgan had recently begun to map the Sustainable Development Goals into three “buckets” for potential action:  environmental; inclusive growth; and partnership and innovations.  “We have wrapped our heads around ‘green’”, he said of the former, noting that the industry was becoming more comfortable working on the environmental goals.  Inclusive economic growth, on the other hand, was much more difficult to measure.  “We have an awful lot to learn,” he concluded, stressing that banks could be an important force for good but “we need to be educated.” Ms. PORINO, Membership, Outreach and Expertise Coordinator of Finance Watch, said her organization had been created in the aftermath of the global financial crisis with the mission of “counterbalancing” the financial sector.  “What we need […] are two simple words:  political will,” she stressed, noting that there had never been more global capital concentrated into fewer hands.  Today’s event helped frame a discussion about finance as a system that included both public and private investments, and a number of tools, such as tax policies and regulatory frameworks.  Calling for a consensus on a new economic model, she said bold and ambitious action was needed on the part of Governments and that a broader coalition of stakeholders should be created to oversee the process. Emphasizing that a large-scale shift towards a sustainable financial system required a “cold and hard look” at the current model — which was simply incompatible with sustainable development — she described a number of ways in which Governments could take the lead.  Subsidies for fossil fuels could be removed, for example, while taxes could be shifted from labour to carbon and the debt of developing countries could be forgiven.  Private financial flows should be directed in such a way as to bring a social purpose back to the heart of the financial system, she said, noting that the UNEP Inquiry into the Design of a Sustainable Financial System had already helped to identify and document best practices in that regard. MR. WAYGOOD said the key to transparency of global development was in the Sustainable Development Goals.  UNEP Inquiry — a sustainable stock exchange initiative set up in 2008 — had 62 exchanges, however not many of them were doing much that was very effective.  They were paying some heed to the lack of transparency, but their global conversations had not taken up the issue manifold.  There was a major conversation over whether transparency was mandatory and dozens of exchanges had come up with their own guidance.  The International Organization of Securities Commissions, the global standard setter for global securities market regulation, must create a road map and ensure companies exposed climate risk, he said, noting that voluntarism only worked up to a point and that it was time to look at creating a policy environment to address the problem properly. Mr. ARNOLD said JP Morgan’s task force on climate-related financial disclosure was doing financial stress-testing of portfolios, getting to know so-called “idiosyncratic risk” and “stress testing risk”.  Mandatory disclosure would enforce far more action.  The finance sector had to lead, he stressed, noting that too few asset managers, banks and insurers were doing voluntary disclosure.  Greater transparency, however, would not solve the Sustainable Development Goals’ problem; it would be a long time before there was disclosure comparability, as the financial disclosures of each company varied in terms of project risk, property rights and judicial review transparency.  Since the Sustainable Development Goals were a new idea for many financiers, they perceived risk to be greater than it actually was.  Transparency would indeed help, but there must be a conversation about de-risking investments so they could “crowd in” greater private capital.  At present, that amount was not big enough. MR. HARRIS said transparency among financial companies was limited.  One way to increase it was to give different market participants different roles in the equation.  Risk assessment must be at the retail level, on the ground, but that was not happening.  A set of stakeholders must be set up in a way that was acceptable to large-scale finance.  “We will have arrived when ratings agencies take the SMEs [small- and medium-sized enterprises] into account,” he said, noting that while some were now being taking on board, progress was still in the early stages and nowhere near the level of standardization. He said the Tropical Landscape Finance Facility between UNEP and Indonesia was a way to encourage large-scale global finance to bring money into small-scale investment in a developing country in areas such as renewable energy and tropical landscape management.  The Facility allowed large companies to finance the gap that small-scale companies could not provide and had pooled small projects together to provide individual project assessments.  Opening the door for big private finance to flow into small local investment on a global scale was a way to reach the Sustainable Development Goals. Ms. PORINO said that while organizations were working to establish transparency, when it came to setting standards, it was important to acknowledge the resistance of the financial sector in changing the status quo.  Europe had shown the political will to create clarity on that issue.  Despite a few steps in the right direction, Europe was far off from doing so in a way that could restore public trust in the financial sector and its service to society. Mr. WAYGOOD said that private companies had access to league tables that benchmarked corporate performance and looked at portfolio via apps.  If public tables were built, the results would be huge.  “It would effectively be democratizing corporate data,” he said, calling on the United Nations to “build those benchmarks, we can help you”. Mr. BHARTI said transparency was achievable.  The question was whether it should come from the heart or be mandatory.  The Government of India had created a name-and-shame index whereby companies must state in their annual report if they had spent 2 per cent of profits on corporate social responsibility projects.  “Can we mandate this system in a global corporate order so that companies start getting ranked?  In my opinion this is a must,” he said.  Transparency should be made a priority for lending and companies should be given marks or points for financing the Sustainable Development Goals.  “It is always hard to get to transparency, but to get it to a global order, you have to mandate it,” he said. Ms. KYTE, summing up the discussion, said it was a responsibility to regulate, but also to mobilize domestic resources in a way that they could be catalytic.  Money was not the problem; it was a question of pipelines of projects.  Money flowed in certain directions, but not others, and such disconnects must be resolved.  Transparency was as powerful galvanizer in electricity, water and other powerful sectors.  If the global community was serious about reaching the 2030 Agenda and the goal of de-carbonization by mid-century, a shift was needed as was a different dialogue between the public and financial sector. Statements BERHANE GEBRE-CHRISTOS, Special Envoy of the Prime Minister of Ethiopia, said the Sustainable Development Goals were being implemented through their implementation with the country’s national development plan.  Ethiopia had mobilized multiple types of financial resources, aligned with its national development priorities.  Through the introduction of comprehensive tax reform, the mobilization of domestic resources had been increasing.  Public financing, including grants and loans, had been used to build productive capacity, while official development assistance and foreign direct investment also played an important role.  Other financial instruments, including remittances, bonds and commercial lending for long-term programs had also been harnessed.  More than 60 per cent of Ethiopia’s national budget went to pro-poor development programmes, with special attention given to job creation and youth employment initiatives. MARIO A. ZAMBRANO ORTIZ (Ecuador), speaking on behalf of the “Group of 77” developing countries and China, said the 2030 Agenda’s implementation required a revitalized global partnership which took into account differing national realities.  Spotlighting the transfer of technology on preferential terms, as well as the creation of a non-discriminatory global trading system, he said private sector investment and innovation were major drivers of productivity and job creation.  He called on businesses to use those forces creatively to solve development challenges.  Noting with concern that many least developed countries — as well as those affected by conflict or living under colonial occupation — had been sidelined by global investment, he called for efforts to channel financing to address their special needs, including through blended or pooled financing, risk mitigation and infrastructure development.  LIU JIEYI (China), speaking on behalf of Brazil, the Russian Federation, India, China and South Africa (the “BRICS” Group), said the global economic recovery was fragile and suffered from a lack of dynamism, inadequate governance and stagnant investments.  Pointing to a rise in “anti-globalization” thinking around the world as well as declining political will, dwindling resources and fragmented efforts, he expressed hope that today’s meeting would foster consensus among stakeholders and build political will in support of common development goals.  He underscored the need to respect the principle of common but differentiated responsibility, stressing that developed nations should bear the primary responsibility for sustainable development, forgive debts and respond to the special needs of developing countries.  Calling for an equitable and open global investment environment, he urged States to resist protectionism and expedite reform of the global financial system. RUBEN ZAMORA (El Salvador), speaking on behalf of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC), underscored the importance of mobilizing new concessional and non-concessional financing.  Sharing knowledge and lessons learned through South-South and triangular cooperation was also vital, he added, emphasizing the need for continued transfer of clean technologies to developing countries.  Reaffirming the Group’s commitment to sustainable development, he said that despite progress made, ODA remained critical to reducing inequality and structural gaps.  Calling on developed countries to fulfil their commitment to allocate 0.7 per cent of their gross national income to ODA, he called on the United Nations development system and international financial institutions to address the specific needs and challenges of countries in the region.  He also called for greater resources and improvement of loan conditions. JO ADAMSON, European Union, said the move from billions to trillions would require full participation, stressing that the bloc was committed to the 2030 Agenda and the Addis Ababa Action Agenda.  Preliminary data by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) showed that ODA in Europe had increased by 11 per cent in 2016 to €75.5 billion, or 0.51 per cent of gross national income (GNI), up from 0.47 in 2015.  Only 25 per cent of that growth was due to in-country support for refugees.  ODA was vital to help least developed countries close financing gaps in health and education, and to catalyse other sources of finance.  Noting that more than one fifth of efforts went to least developed countries, he said the European Union was the world’s leading provider of ODA.  Noting that climate finance accelerated sustainable development, he called the first report of the Interagency Task Force on Financing for Development encouraging, as it struck a balanced tone, was factual and well-evidenced, and it drew on several examples.  The report should be a solid basis for discussing progress and gaps in issues covered in the Addis Ababa Action Agenda and the Economic and Social Council’s Forum on Financing for Development later in the month. LOIS MICHELE YOUNG (Belize), speaking on behalf of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), noted that some large international banks had been terminating or limiting their correspondent banking relationships with smaller Caribbean banks, with negative implications for the region.  Such “derisking” cut Caribbean businesses off from international trade and financing, prevented families from receiving remittances from relatives abroad and discouraged foreign investment, she said.  Through the Caribbean Development Bank, CARICOM was working to strengthen financial transparency and attempting to prevent the loss of correspondent banking relationships.  However, she said, those efforts would only bear fruit if banking partners collaborated in safeguarding such relationships. Ms. ZAHIR (Maldives), speaking on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island Developing States and associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said small island States required capacity-building and the transfer of environmentally-sound technology in order to realize the Sustainable Development Goals.  They faced specific challenges when accessing concessional finance from international financial institutions, she said, stressing that their structural vulnerabilities were often ignored as a result of discrepancies in their categorization within both the United Nations system and international financial institutions.  Urging those institutions to reconsider concessional financing for small island developing States – notwithstanding their income status — she noted with concern the declining trend in ODA for those countries, emphasizing that international public finance commitments must be met. MASUD BIN MOMEN (Bangladesh), speaking on behalf of the Group of Least Developed Countries and associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, warned that least developed countries would not be able to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals if today’s global growth trajectory continued.  States must urgently implement the Addis Ababa Action Agenda on Financing for Development and scale up both public and private sector investment.  Noting that blended finance instruments could prove helpful in that respect, he said efforts must be made to improve financial inclusion and protect developing countries in global markets.  “We must make serious efforts to resist inward-looking and protectionism measures,” he stressed, calling on the United Nations to address the obstacles to development financing. MARC BICHLER (Luxembourg) said ODA represented more than 1 per cent of the country’s GNI.  While affirming the importance of ODA, he said new alliances must be created with private sector actors to provide the financial means to achieve development ambitions.  Financing was needed to combat poverty and climate, and only a multi-disciplinary coalition would advance efficiency in that regard.  All societal actors must be involved, whether in creating policies for Governments, missions for non-governmental organizations or business plans for the private sector.  It was essential to understand and explain to private sector partners that sustainable development provided economic opportunities with quantifiable social and environmental impacts.  Strategies for financing the Goals must align subsidies, ODA, philanthropic donations and long-term loans.  Luxembourg had formed partnerships to launch the first fully financed green stock market and put in place a certification system for preventing “greenwashing” of private climate investments. ANA SILVIA RODRÍGUEZ ABASCAL (Cuba), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, CELAC, and the Group of Small Island Developing States, called for firm commitments and greater political resolve, noting that technology transfer and capacity-building were essential to achieve sustainable development and that public international flows remained inadequate.  Many donors had not met their ODA commitments.  While commending gains made in several sectors, she said more must be done to effectively utilize funding. MAHMADAMIN MAHMADAMINOV (Tajikistan), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said declining capital, volatile economies and climate change were obstacles to development and that mobilizing public and private resources was crucial.  Tajikistan’s social and economic reforms continued to strengthen its export potential and promote human development, he said, stressing the need for enhanced partnerships.  Meeting aid commitments was especially important to help countries in special situations use domestic resources, strengthen taxation capacities and catalyse public investment. RAFAEL DARÍO RAMÍREZ CARREÑO (Venezuela), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said resources from the developing world were being drained for the benefit of developed countries.  Developed countries had a responsibility to open their markets to the commodities of developing nations, he said, also calling for increased ODA.  Stressing that the sovereign management of domestic resources was vital for meeting education and health-care targets, he said Venezuela was ready to share its experience in that regard, as international financial institutions had only worsened the situation in developing countries, and people should have the right to decide their political, economic and social future. ISBETH LISBETH QUIEL MURCIA (Panama), associating herself with the Group of 77 and CELAC, stressed the need for mechanisms to mobilize funding for sustainable development.  For middle-income countries, it was important to ensure a balance between international expectations and the challenges faced on the ground.  Countries could not turn a blind eye to corruption, tax evasion and the illegal movement of money, which were part of a greater global problem.  Panama had recommitted to comply with the highest standards for international transparency, including on tax evasion. AMRITH ROHAN PERERA (Sri Lanka) said financing for development was a major problem for countries, including his own.  In Sri Lanka, public, private and innovative financing options were being mobilized to achieve development objectives.  The country had taken a holistic approach that took into account the environment, technology and innovation, entrepreneurship and access to financing, as well as other areas.  The creation of a carbon fund had allowed companies to achieve carbon neutrality. FADUA ORTEZ (Honduras), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said the 2030 Agenda would require a massive mobilization of funding, although it was important to remember that the goals and objectives of that Agenda were not separate from national efforts.  Innovative funding must be significantly increased, but it must not replace ODA or traditional financing mechanisms, she said, also advocating recognition of the diversity and unique development challenges of middle-income countries. YASUHISA KAWAMURA (Japan) said nearly two years after the adoption of the 2030 Agenda questions persisted on how to tap the vast private sector resources.  That sector was eager to invest in mutually beneficial arrangements.  He urged Member States to consider how they could foster the creation of structures and models that generated profit, attracted investment and helped achieve the Goals.  While it was a rather “unorthodox perspective”, the creation of sustainable business models alongside both traditional and innovative means of financing would help countries meet the Goals. MAHMOUD SAIKAL (Afghanistan), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, and the Least Developed Countries Group, said domestic resource mobilization was vital to national development.  As part of its fiscal strategy, the Government was committed to collecting enough revenue to meet its needs, and over time, gradually reducing its dependence on assistance.  To that end, it was planning to increase its development budget spending by 10 to 15 per cent each year as it expanded service delivery.  However, Afghanistan faced major challenges due to 30 years of conflict and its landlocked status, and he underscored the need for large investments in human capital and technology transfer. JAIME ANDRÉS GNECCO DAZA (Colombia), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said Governments must prioritize partnerships to realize the 2030 Agenda.  Resources beyond traditional financing were needed.  It was important for middle-income countries to address their particular challenges, and as such, more coordination was needed to ensure that that class of countries did not “fall back”.  There was a need to transfer technology and “marry the gap” between the developed and developing countries, he said, also pressing international financial institutions to consider the unique challenges faced by middle-income countries. PHILIP FOX-DRUMMOND GOUGH (Brazil) associating himself with the Group of 77, CELAC and “BRICS”, said his country was moving forward with comprehensive internal reforms aimed at restructuring the fiscal sector and setting the enabling environment for public and private investments.  Those reforms would build the stability and predictability needed for long-term decisions and commitments from all investors.  They would also ensure that the necessary means were available to finance social needs and foster inclusive development.  Brazil was committed to pursuing its South-South cooperation policies, including by providing experience and support to the peoples of the global South. CHO YEONGMOO (Republic of Korea) noted that his country assisted developing countries in modernizing their tax administration systems and building capacity.  A significant contributor of ODA, the Republic of Korea was steadily increasing its support for fragile and conflict-affected States.  It attached great importance to transparent sustainable development budgeting and had established innovative mechanisms for public engagement on wasteful spending and budget misappropriations.  As the host country of the Green Climate Fund Secretariat and the Global Green Growth Institute, the Republic of Korea would develop and share business models for new energy industries with developing countries, he said. KOKI MULI GRIGNON (Kenya) associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, said her country had put in place various tax reforms, including a tax modernization programme, which had resulted in an increased tax base.  The tax administration was highly efficient and run at below its targeted cost.  Noting that a strong revenue base would require investment, particularly from the private sector, she recalled that in 2016, Kenya had been ranked third of the world’s top ten reformers, and in an effort to promote faster business growth, had established a one-stop centre for investors.  An asset-recovery unit also had been set up within the national treasury, with the monies recovered having been directed towards health, clean energy and environmental projects. OMAR HILALE (Morocco), noting that priority projects and financing at the national level would have the greatest impact on sustainable development, underscored the importance of assisting developing countries to ensure they had the resources to reach their development goals.  Education was full of opportunities that should be exploited as they ensured training for young people and promoted their entrepreneurial spirit.  It was essential to mobilize more financial resources to combat climate change, aimed specifically at reducing greenhouse gases.  ODA must be improved and donor pledges honoured, he said, underscoring Morocco’s was committed to South-South Cooperation. GHANIM AL-HUDAIFI AL-KUWARI (Qatar), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said “it goes without saying” that achieving the Sustainable Development Goals required significant financial mobilization, while implementation of the 2030 Agenda required the concerted management of funds and respect for national priorities.  International cooperation was vital, he said, adding that sustainable development was a common responsibility.  “We must all work together,” he continued, while pledging his country’s assistance in development projects.  JOSÉ LUIS FIALHO ROCHA (Cabo Verde) called for the integration of all development agendas, namely those on climate change, disaster risk reduction and urban development.  Sustainable development plans must consider the needs of small island developing States by meeting their specificities and increasing spending, which had recently declined.  “Moving from words to action requires that we focus,” he stressed, calling for national development strategies that prioritized goals and an international financial assessment mechanism that could support coordination.  Indeed, economic growth must be complemented by a social compact. AYE MYA MYA KHAING (Myanmar), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, and the least developed countries, urged significant cooperation at the local, regional, and international levels.   Myanmar’s projects were based on the Goals and focused on close work with United Nations agencies.  Echoing concerns over the growing imbalance between core and non-core resources, and declining foreign direct investment, she drew attention to the need for technology transfer and private sector participation.  While underscoring the role of international development aid, she said national ownership was critical in order to advance development. SYLVIA PAOLA MENDOZA ELGUEA (Mexico), associating herself with CELAC, recognized the importance of the private sector in creating innovative and inclusive models.  In Mexico, the private sector was encouraged to provide employment to women and young people.  Indeed, there could be no peace without development, and no development without peace, and she called on the global community to come together to mobilize resources. Ms. NURAN (Indonesia) stressed that national circumstances differed, even if countries faced the same basic challenges.  The financing available would not have much value if different national realities, capacities and development levels were not considered.  The sharing of experiences and information could help identify strategies best-suited to specific country contexts.  She urged that more studies be conducted to understand how markets in least developed countries could better attract foreign investors, stressing that the funding gap could only be met by significantly increasing private sector participation.  The mobilization of domestic public resources was also critical to achieving sustainable development. Mr. SHAHABUDIN (Malaysia) said that as his country moved towards a high-value, knowledge-based economy with a strong focus on services and manufacturing, innovation would be crucial for raising the efficiency, and thus, productivity.  Malaysia was working to balance a growing population and demand, with the imperative need for green growth strategies, given the increasing intensity and frequency of extreme weather events.  Middle-income countries still faced significant challenges to achieving sustainable development, he stressed. LOK BAHADUR POUDEL CHHETRI (Nepal) associating himself with the Group of 77 and the least developed countries, expressed concern over the slow identification of what worked at the global, national and local levels in terms of leveraging resources.  There was an urgent need to use available tools, he said, stressing that partnerships and technology transfer, in addition to traditional financing mechanisms, must be used to support implementation of the 2030 Agenda.  Resource gaps were even greater for countries in special situations, including Nepal. Mr. TILMAN (Timor-Leste), associating himself with the Group of 77, the Alliance of Small Island States and the least developed countries, said funding from all sources must be maximized in order to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals.  Timor-Leste was honoured to be part of a new type of cooperation called “fragile-to-fragile cooperation”, which allowed countries to share ideas and solutions aimed at addressing the unique needs of countries in fragile situations. MARIA ANGELA PONCE (Philippines), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, said South-South cooperation was critical to mobilize resources for the sustainable development of developing countries.  Underscoring the need for accountability and transparency, she said ODA to her country had been on the decline since 2001, a trend in countries approaching or having approached middle-income status.  The Government, therefore, was working to maximize tax revenue while encouraging private sector investment in projects to bridge funding gaps. SONGELAEL W. SHILLA (United Republic of Tanzania), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said his country was creating a favourable investment climate to attract more business to the extractive, agriculture and telecommunications industries, which were key drivers of development.  While underscoring the importance of domestic resource mobilization, national ownership and good governance, he said domestic resources alone were insufficient for achieving the 2030 Agenda and he emphasized the critical role of international funds in that regard.  International trade, debt and other systemic issues also required international and “undivided attention”. RUSLAN BULTRIKOV (Kazakhstan) said his country’s commitment to sustainable development was evident in its national agendas and plans.  The Government had introduced a plan to reduce carbon emissions and was working to implement a trade-related project to reduce greenhouse gasses.  Such initiatives were in line with the Paris Agreement on Climate Change.  Kazakhstan had also allocated one per cent of its defence spending to finance development goals, in hopes that such a “complementary channel of financing” would help meet targets. Taking the floor a second time, the representative of Venezuela said he rejected the lies and manipulations directed toward his country by his counterpart from Morocco, stressing that the meeting had been used to air issues that were not on the agenda. Also taking the floor a second time, the representative of Morocco responded that while Venezuela was quite rich, the regime there had chosen not to use national resources appropriately to benefit the people. Ms. KYTE, in closing remarks, said that what had become clear during today’s event was that the speed and scale of financing required for the 2030 Agenda was of critical importance. The moderators of afternoon workshops then took the floor to describe the outcomes of their respective discussions.  John McArthur, Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution, noted that participants in a workshop on “Building an inclusive and peaceful future where no one is left behind” had stressed the need for the United Nations to bring the most relevant stakeholders together to solve the financing for development challenge.  Others had urged the United Nations to more explicitly encourage each country’s national coordinating body to take a more active role. Irving Mintzer, Visiting Research Scholar at the School of Advanced International Studies, Johns Hopkins University, said participants in a workshop titled “Fostering economic growth and development, and tackling inequality” had questioned what the United Nations could do to more efficiently galvanize financing for development.  The world must shift from an incremental mode to a transformation approach to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. Simon Zadek, co-Director, United Nations Environment Inquiry, who moderated a workshop on “Protecting our world in the present and the future”, said that while there had been an emphasis on the risk and de-risking of investments, many participants had also highlighted the need for policy-influenced investment vehicles. Mr. THOMSON, in closing remarks, said he had been encouraged by the frank and practical nature of today’s dialogue.  Discussions had emphasized the need to increase the speed and scale of action, with speakers recognizing the magnitude of challenges ahead, the volume of resources needed and the importance of partnerships.  Many had reaffirmed the need for predictable ODA to catalyse change, including domestic resource mobilization. Further, he said, the discussions had encouraged the World Bank and other multilateral development banks to leverage investments to develop financial systems.  Business leaders had confirmed that — with the right policy mix — asset holders could be incentivized to divest from underperforming investments and instead direct funds towards sustainable projects.  The role of the United Nations in fostering dialogue between the public and private sectors had received wide support, as had further exploration of the potential “sweet spot” the Organization could occupy between Member States and global financial institutions.  He pledged to convey those messages to finance ministers gathering at the World Bank Spring meetings in Washington, D.C., later this week.     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on April 19, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 19, 2017 @ 12:20 pm Filed Under: 24-7, Africa, Americas, Asia Pacific Region, Brazil, China, Climate, Defence, Economics, English, Environment, Europe, Exploration, Global Bodies, Latin America, MIL OSI, Nuclear Industry, Open Source Intel, Peoples Republic Of China, Russia, United Nations, United States of America NEXT ARTICLE → Collected Department Releases: Non-Violence and Accountability During Protests in Venezuela About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals Collected Department Releases: Non-Violence and Accountability During Protests in Venezuela Press Releases: Non-Violence and Accountability During Protests in Venezuela ICYMI: Californians to Jeff Denham: Do your job SHOT/CHASER: Republicans Dismiss Neighbors as Paid Protesters © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to main content Welcome to the United Nations. It’s your world. United Nations Meetings Coverage and Press Releases Toggle navigation Home Secretary-General Latest from Secretary-General Press Releases Press Conferences Statements and Messages Travel Appointments Miscellaneous Deputy Secretary-General General Assembly Latest from General Assembly Meetings Coverage Press Releases Press Conferences Plenary First Committee Second Committee Third Committee Fourth Committee Fifth Committee Sixth Committee Peacebuilding Commission Security Council Latest from Security Council Meetings Coverage Press Releases Press Conferences Economic and Social Council Latest from Economic and Social Council Meetings Coverage Press Releases Press Conferences Home Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals Meetings Coverage GA/11905 18 April 2017 General Assembly Plenary Seventy-first Session, Sustainable Development Goals Event, AM & PM Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals While a daunting $90 trillion would be required to tackle sustainable development challenges in the coming years, speakers at today’s General Assembly Action Event warned that the cost of inaction would ultimately be far deeper, with humanity’s very future hanging in the balance. Executives from various financial firms — including JP Morgan Chase and AVIVA Investors — joined Member States at the Assembly’s “SDG Financing Lab”, discussing ways to align financial markets with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.  Speakers from across those diverse sectors agreed that private investment in development could be scaled up dramatically by reducing risk and educating companies about the bottom-line benefits of sustainability. However, many delegates also voiced concern that those opportunities could be overshadowed by a rising tide of nationalism and a resurgence of protectionist policies around the globe.  Some urged Governments to resist those trends, calling instead for open, inclusive markets to help level the playing field. Assembly President Peter Thomson (Fiji) said at the outset that estimates put the cost of achieving all 17 Sustainable Development Goals at $6 trillion annually until 2030.  “While these sums may seem enormous, and the complexity of reforms needed to mobilize these funds may seem prohibitive, the fact is that the cost of our inaction will ultimately be far greater,” he said.  As the private sector was the custodian of the world’s largest pool of resources, the main challenge was to create the right incentives and enabling environments to help businesses reorient investments towards sustainable development. United Nations Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed agreed that it was in the interest of all countries, companies and people to tap the wealth of good that sustainable development would bring in environmental, economic and social terms.  Noting that financial flows and investments were increasingly being aligned with the Goals, she said mobilizing pension funds, the insurance sector and other large pools of capital could produce even greater wins.  Sustainability should guide the creation of incentive structures, inform consumer preferences and shape shareholder interests, she said, adding:  “The dividends will reverberate far and wide.” Mahmoud Mohieldin, Senior Vice President for Partnerships, United Nations Relations and the 2030 Agenda of the World Bank Group, called on all stakeholders to take investment more seriously in such areas as human resource development, affordable housing and infrastructure improvement.  Noting that the private sector was moving beyond philanthropy to better understand the opportunities presented by the Goals, he nevertheless underscored the importance of standardizing sustainability into markets on a larger scale. As the Assembly opened its panel discussion on the theme, “What will it take to finance the Sustainable Development Goals? From ambition to reality”, keynote speaker Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman of the Indian telecommunications giant Bharti Enterprises, recalled that trade liberalization had lifted 1 billion people out of poverty worldwide.  Pointing out that India was among the most open countries in terms of global investment, he expressed concern over protectionist voices emanating from some parts of the United States and Europe.  He also emphasized the role of Governments in mandating corporate social responsibility, pointing to India’s establishment of a “name-and-shame” index in that regard. Matt Arnold, Global Head of Sustainable Finance for JP Morgan Chase, said the main challenge to investing private capital in sustainable development projects was risk.  Banks did not own the funds they lent, and depositors expected to get their money back.  JP Morgan had nevertheless begun to chart potential action on the Sustainable Development Goals, he said, stressing that banks could be an important force for good but “we need to be educated.” A number of speakers during the ensuing plenary debate echoed those hopes and concerns, while outlining their particular national and regional challenges.  China’s representative, on behalf of Brazil, the Russian Federation, India, China and South Africa (the “BRICS” Group), expressed concern that the global financial recovery suffered from a lack of dynamism, inadequate governance and stagnant investment.  Pointing to a rise in “anti-globalization” thinking and declining political will, he urged States to resist protectionism and urged developed nations to bear the primary responsibility for financing sustainable development. Similarly, Ecuador’s representative, on behalf of the “Group of 77” developing countries and China, said the 2030 Agenda required a revitalized global partnership which took into account differing national realities.  Spotlighting the transfer of technology on preferential terms and the creation of a non-discriminatory global trading system as key elements, he voiced concern that least developed countries had been sidelined by global investment.  Financing should address their special needs, including through blended or pooled financing, risk mitigation and infrastructure development, he said. Also speaking during the panel discussion were Steve Waygood, Chief Responsible Investment Officer, AVIVA Investors; Elliot Harris, Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP); and Giulia Porino, Finance Watch.  The session was moderated by Rachel Kyte, Chief Executive Officer, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL). Taking part in the plenary debate were representatives of Ethiopia, El Salvador (on behalf of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States), European Union, Belize (on behalf of the Caribbean Community), Maldives (on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island Developing States), Bangladesh (on behalf of the Group of Least Developed Countries), Luxembourg, Cuba, Tajikistan, Venezuela, Panama, Sri Lanka, Honduras, Japan, Afghanistan, Colombia, Brazil, Republic of Korea, Kenya, Morocco, Qatar, Cabo Verde, Myanmar, Mexico, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nepal, Timor-Leste, Philippines, United Republic of Tanzania and Kazakhstan. The Assembly will reconvene at a date and time to be announced. Introductory Remarks PETER THOMSON (Fiji), President of the General Assembly, opening the session, said today’s meeting built on a series of events aimed at driving global action to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.  Stressing that few issues could be more central to that goal than the mobilization of resources, he said financing the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) would require an estimated annual $6 trillion investment, or $90 trillion over 15 years. “While these sums may seem enormous, and the complexity of reforms needed to mobilize these funds may seem prohibitive, the fact is that the cost of our inaction will ultimately be far greater,” he said.  Indeed, inaction could jeopardize the very future of humanity.  Noting that the needed “exponential transformation” also offered opportunities for economic growth, social development, climate action and environmental protection, he emphasized the importance of bringing together all stakeholders, and aligning both financial markets and investment patterns with the 2030 Agenda. He said a key feature of today’s “SDG Financing Lab” was the participation of private sector actors, which were the custodians of the largest pool of global resources and drivers of entrepreneurship and innovation.  Drawing particular attention to the participation of Aviva, one of the largest insurers, he said the main challenge was in creating the right incentives and enabling environments to help the private sector orient its businesses and investments towards the world’s sustainable development needs. Noting that efforts by Governments, central banks and financial regulators were already leading to positive developments in that respect, he underlined the need to reform policy and regulatory frameworks to leverage public and private financing for the Sustainable Development Goals.  “We must also foster foreign investment and support banks to invest in higher-risk, longer-term projects,” many of which were in developing countries, he said, urging that investments also be made to tackle the drivers of conflict, displacement and humanitarian crises.  “It is time to shape global economic and financial governance structures and trade rules to help create a level playing field,” he concluded. AMINA J. MOHAMMED, Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations, said it was in the interest of all countries, companies and people to tap the wealth of good that sustainable development would bring in environmental, economic and social terms.  Significant resources were needed to realize the global vision to leave no one behind, as was a strategic approach that made the most of all investments.  First, official development assistance (ODA) commitments must be met consistently and predictably, and then used in a catalytic way to help develop domestic resources and activate local investor bases.  The United Nations could help countries shift from international to domestic sources for financing the Sustainable Development Goals. Increasingly, she said, financial flows and investments were being aligned with the Goals, but mobilizing pension funds, the insurance sector and other large pools of capital could produce even greater wins.  Sustainability should guide the creation of incentive structures, inform consumer preferences and shape the interests of shareholders.  Collectively, such forces could generate unstoppable positive momentum.  “The dividends will reverberate far and wide.  Success on the Goals would trigger beneficial results that will feed project pipelines leading to progress on gender, economic growth and climate action,” she said, adding that “investing in a world of dignity and opportunity generates secure markets, thriving consumers and protected natural resources.” A United Nations Foundation study showed that closing gender gaps in access to products and services could expand economic activity by $300 billion annually by 2025, she said, empowering millions of women to generate their own income, support their families and participate in markets.  Where people had decent jobs, enough food and good opportunities for their children, there was greater social cohesion.  Now was the moment to seize invaluable opportunities to leverage funding and innovation.  Citing examples, she said the World Bank and BNP Paribas were cooperating around Sustainable Development Goal-linked bonds, showing the powerful role of capital markets in connecting savings with development priorities, while offering investors an attractive risk-reward profile.  AVIVA Investors was promoting Sustainable Development Goal benchmarks, allowing individual investors to reward companies that performed well against sustainability goals, creating a clear commercial and reputational incentive for businesses to improve their sustainability credentials. Stressing that youth were at the cutting edge of innovation, she said leaders could “provide oxygen” to that spark by securing rights and freedoms.  In the developing world, such progress could be facilitated by supporting South-South cooperation and working to close the digital divide.  “The more we can help countries of the South to learn from each other, the more we will engender self-reliance and the ability to mobilize domestic resources.  And the more we can link energetic and creative young people to each other and society, the better our chances of success and peace,” she said. The critical ingredient for success was leadership, she said, and the United Nations was doing its part to live up to the expectations.  Noting that she was leading a comprehensive review of the United Nations development system, she said:  “I am open to your ideas for how we can do more to support your efforts and optimize our common contributions to development”.  The Organization was advocating a strong commitment to maintaining and increasing contributions to both ODA and South-South cooperation, and funding to the Green Climate Fund.  It was also joining forces with Governments, philanthropists and private investors to stimulate sustainable investment at all levels.  The agreements adopted in 2015 needed resources to become reality.  “By scaling up all sources of financing — public and private — countries will earn respect, investments and results in the form of progress for their people and stability for our world,” she said.  “I call on all of you here to give real meaning to this high-level meeting by acting on your responsibility as leaders in your different capacities to live up to your promises and do what is right.  This is a call on behalf of the working mothers, the unemployed fathers, and young people who have an education but cannot find a job,” she said.  “Let us realize this life of dignity for all.” MAHMOUD MOHIELDIN, Senior Vice President for Partnerships, United Nations Relations and the 2030 Agenda of the World Bank Group, agreed that there had been much convergence on how to do business better.  However, it was critical to scale up resources “from billions to trillions”, which would be needed to finance the 2030 Agenda’s implementation.  Recalling that discussions on boosting development financing had begun in 2013 — leading to the Agenda’s 2015 adoption — he said expectations on that front were mixed.  Stakeholders agreed that official development assistance (ODA), while critical for developing countries, would not be enough, and that more domestic resources mobilization was needed. While positive developments had been seen in some countries, he said serious concerns remained not only around financing but about the “real world” challenges of climate change, pandemic threats, rising inequality, displacement and major demographic shifts.  It was crucial to support the financial sector in becoming more inclusive and to put in place incentives, guarantees and de-risking structures.  Pointing to a recent unprecedented $75 billion investment in the International Development Association — also known as the Bank’s “fund for the poorest” — he called on all stakeholders to take investment more seriously in such areas as human resource development, resilience-building, affordable housing, infrastructure improvement, food and agriculture, health and well-being.  He said the private sector was now going beyond philanthropy to understand the opportunities presented by the Sustainable Development Goals and described efforts to both steer and target development financing, notably by excluding companies involved in armaments, gambling, nuclear weaponry, tobacco and similar areas.  The Bank was also working to ensure that risks and returns were properly managed through liquidity filtering and low-volatility filtering.  “It’s not just about the transaction,” he stressed, but about standardizing sustainability on a larger scale.  He pointed out that small island developing States and landlocked developing countries required special support, and outlined the Bank’s efforts to prevent and address such challenges as fragility, violence, armed conflict and forced displacement. Panel Discussion The panel discussion “What will it take to finance the Sustainable Development Goals? From ambition to reality” was moderated by Rachel Kyte, Chief Executive Officer, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All, and featured a keynote address by Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman, Bharti Enterprises, and Chairman, International Chamber of Commerce.  Delivering presentations were Steve Waygood, Chief Responsible Investment Officer, AVIVA Investors; Elliot Harris, Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP); Matt Arnold, Global Head of Sustainable Finance, JP Morgan Chase; and Giulia Porino, Finance Watch. Ms. KYTE said that given the bounty of public and private sustainable finance experience, the focus should now be on speed and scale.  “We need to be at 10 times the levels we are at the moment,” she said, asking how the financial system could be harnessed around sustainable development to make it move more aggressively and with more alacrity.  The public sector would have to take greater risks and find new ways to induce the private sector to move faster.  “Leaving no one behind” meant that risks in post-conflict countries were different than in other nations, she said, underlining that there was no one-size-fits-all approach. Mr. BHARTI said financing the Sustainable Development Goals would become the most important global purpose in the coming years.  Businesses could not move much further without being guided by the policies of various agencies and Governments worldwide.  Nor could Governments advance without the contribution of businesses.  The speed required to deliver the Sustainable Development Goals would be lost if the private sector was not involved.  With 6 million members worldwide, the International Chamber of Commerce now had a seat at the United Nations table and intended to use its voice to attach itself to the Goals. Trade liberalization, he said, had lifted at least 1 billion people out of poverty worldwide.  Global trade allowed developing countries to grow economically and low- and middle-income countries had greatly benefitted from open trade.  His country, India, was one of the most open countries in terms of global investment, and neighbouring Sri Lanka and Pakistan had opened their doors as well.  Yet, the Chamber of Commerce was deeply concerned by protectionist voices emanating from some parts of the United States and Europe.  The Chamber of Commerce focused on the Trade Facilitation Agreement and its effectiveness in creating access to global markets and examined how the Internet could connect markets, even in the tiniest places in Africa and Asia, to the developed world.  Another area of focus was financing for small- and medium-sized enterprises. The United Nations must use all its power to ensure that the developed world did not shut its doors on global trade, he said, stressing that more than $1 trillion in trade could be opened by the Sustainable Development Goals.  “There is a good business case for the Goals,” he said.  “Businesses would grow three times faster.  That is the power of adopting the Sustainable Development Goals.”  Highlighting the role of technology in accelerating the 2030 Agenda, he said Groupe Spécial Mobile Association, a trade body representing the interests of mobile operators worldwide, was the first body to adopt the Sustainable Development Goals in full scope.  The Association had worked closely with various agencies on disaster response, mobile money and utilities.  In the telecommunications world, the power big data was generating had been used to address epidemics and natural disasters.  Worldwide, 4.8 billion people had mobile phones, nearly 3.6 billion of them in emerging markets, with radio signals found deep in forests and deserts.  There was no substitute for a strong, viable telecommunications network that was technologically advanced and affordable for people to use.  “Inclusive trade must be the central priority if we are to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals,” he concluded, emphasizing that the Chamber of Commerce was committed to working closely with United Nations to ensure that the Goals were achieved within the stated timeframe. Mr. WAYGOOD said AVIVA Investors had half a trillion dollars in assets under management, with sustainable development embedded into investment decision-making.  The global economy and markets’ current structures were unsustainable.  “If the markets were structured properly, the Sustainable Development Goals simply would not exist,” he said.  “It is palpable just how much more focus there is now on the role of finance in achieving the Goals.  Noting the distinction between the different sectors and how to structure incentives and policy, he said market structure today was not well understood by citizens.  Most citizens did not know where insurance companies invested money or how investors chose a fund manager and bought and sold on market exchanges.  As a consequence, there was a lack of transparency and accountability in the financial system.  In the investment world, three years, even three months, was a long-term period. In examining how the international regulatory structure was working, he said the G-20, European Commission, United Nations and many Member States, for the first time, had started to envision in the last two years a road map for sustainable markets.  At such a historic moment, he emphasized the significance of recognizing the knowledge that the Global Compact, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and the Climate Investment Forum had at its fingertips.  That information was embedded in the Monterrey Consensus on Financing for Development, yet the “invitation had not been sent”, he said, calling on Member States to spread the message to his peers in the financial sector. Mr. HARRIS, Assistant Secretary-General and Head of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)’s New York Office, said the issue of profit was the very reason for the private sector’s existence.  In that regard, the 2030 Agenda must be made consistent with the way profit was made, he stressed, adding:  “It’s not just good business, it’s good for business.”  Over the next 15 years, it would become increasingly clear that sustainable production and consumption and resource efficiency were good for a company’s bottom line, but to date, sustainability efforts had been hampered by inertia and a lack of information on potential returns.  There was also a lack of methodology for assessing and managing those new risks, which turned many investors away from green projects, he said.  Noting that information could help businesses overcome those hurdles, he said the shift towards increased disclosure and forward thinking could help companies to be more sustainable, adding that they would need to address questions related to resource efficiency, climate change and the future desires of their clients.  Developing countries in particular would face challenges related to the lack of a pipeline of bankable sustainable projects at scale, he said, noting that the due diligence required for piecemeal small-scale investments would prove too onerous going forward.   Mr. ARNOLD, Global Head of Sustainable Finance, JP Morgan Chase, cited a major “cultural gap” between the United Nations and what was happening in the corporate world.  Indeed, a group of translators and anthropologists would be needed to help bridge the gap between the Sustainable Development Goals and the work of entities whose intrinsic function was to make a profit, with today’s dialogue serving as a critical platform for such efforts.  Noting that JP Morgan Chase was both a bank and an asset management firm, he said the challenge to using the company’s capital for sustainable development was risk.  Banks did not own the funds they lent, and depositors expected to get their money back.  Similarly, asset managers had a fiduciary responsibility to their clients to generate the highest return possible.  Against that backdrop, he said JP Morgan had recently begun to map the Sustainable Development Goals into three “buckets” for potential action:  environmental; inclusive growth; and partnership and innovations.  “We have wrapped our heads around ‘green’”, he said of the former, noting that the industry was becoming more comfortable working on the environmental goals.  Inclusive economic growth, on the other hand, was much more difficult to measure.  “We have an awful lot to learn,” he concluded, stressing that banks could be an important force for good but “we need to be educated.” Ms. PORINO, Membership, Outreach and Expertise Coordinator of Finance Watch, said her organization had been created in the aftermath of the global financial crisis with the mission of “counterbalancing” the financial sector.  “What we need […] are two simple words:  political will,” she stressed, noting that there had never been more global capital concentrated into fewer hands.  Today’s event helped frame a discussion about finance as a system that included both public and private investments, and a number of tools, such as tax policies and regulatory frameworks.  Calling for a consensus on a new economic model, she said bold and ambitious action was needed on the part of Governments and that a broader coalition of stakeholders should be created to oversee the process. Emphasizing that a large-scale shift towards a sustainable financial system required a “cold and hard look” at the current model — which was simply incompatible with sustainable development — she described a number of ways in which Governments could take the lead.  Subsidies for fossil fuels could be removed, for example, while taxes could be shifted from labour to carbon and the debt of developing countries could be forgiven.  Private financial flows should be directed in such a way as to bring a social purpose back to the heart of the financial system, she said, noting that the UNEP Inquiry into the Design of a Sustainable Financial System had already helped to identify and document best practices in that regard. MR. WAYGOOD said the key to transparency of global development was in the Sustainable Development Goals.  UNEP Inquiry — a sustainable stock exchange initiative set up in 2008 — had 62 exchanges, however not many of them were doing much that was very effective.  They were paying some heed to the lack of transparency, but their global conversations had not taken up the issue manifold.  There was a major conversation over whether transparency was mandatory and dozens of exchanges had come up with their own guidance.  The International Organization of Securities Commissions, the global standard setter for global securities market regulation, must create a road map and ensure companies exposed climate risk, he said, noting that voluntarism only worked up to a point and that it was time to look at creating a policy environment to address the problem properly. Mr. ARNOLD said JP Morgan’s task force on climate-related financial disclosure was doing financial stress-testing of portfolios, getting to know so-called “idiosyncratic risk” and “stress testing risk”.  Mandatory disclosure would enforce far more action.  The finance sector had to lead, he stressed, noting that too few asset managers, banks and insurers were doing voluntary disclosure.  Greater transparency, however, would not solve the Sustainable Development Goals’ problem; it would be a long time before there was disclosure comparability, as the financial disclosures of each company varied in terms of project risk, property rights and judicial review transparency.  Since the Sustainable Development Goals were a new idea for many financiers, they perceived risk to be greater than it actually was.  Transparency would indeed help, but there must be a conversation about de-risking investments so they could “crowd in” greater private capital.  At present, that amount was not big enough. MR. HARRIS said transparency among financial companies was limited.  One way to increase it was to give different market participants different roles in the equation.  Risk assessment must be at the retail level, on the ground, but that was not happening.  A set of stakeholders must be set up in a way that was acceptable to large-scale finance.  “We will have arrived when ratings agencies take the SMEs [small- and medium-sized enterprises] into account,” he said, noting that while some were now being taking on board, progress was still in the early stages and nowhere near the level of standardization. He said the Tropical Landscape Finance Facility between UNEP and Indonesia was a way to encourage large-scale global finance to bring money into small-scale investment in a developing country in areas such as renewable energy and tropical landscape management.  The Facility allowed large companies to finance the gap that small-scale companies could not provide and had pooled small projects together to provide individual project assessments.  Opening the door for big private finance to flow into small local investment on a global scale was a way to reach the Sustainable Development Goals. Ms. PORINO said that while organizations were working to establish transparency, when it came to setting standards, it was important to acknowledge the resistance of the financial sector in changing the status quo.  Europe had shown the political will to create clarity on that issue.  Despite a few steps in the right direction, Europe was far off from doing so in a way that could restore public trust in the financial sector and its service to society. Mr. WAYGOOD said that private companies had access to league tables that benchmarked corporate performance and looked at portfolio via apps.  If public tables were built, the results would be huge.  “It would effectively be democratizing corporate data,” he said, calling on the United Nations to “build those benchmarks, we can help you”. Mr. BHARTI said transparency was achievable.  The question was whether it should come from the heart or be mandatory.  The Government of India had created a name-and-shame index whereby companies must state in their annual report if they had spent 2 per cent of profits on corporate social responsibility projects.  “Can we mandate this system in a global corporate order so that companies start getting ranked?  In my opinion this is a must,” he said.  Transparency should be made a priority for lending and companies should be given marks or points for financing the Sustainable Development Goals.  “It is always hard to get to transparency, but to get it to a global order, you have to mandate it,” he said. Ms. KYTE, summing up the discussion, said it was a responsibility to regulate, but also to mobilize domestic resources in a way that they could be catalytic.  Money was not the problem; it was a question of pipelines of projects.  Money flowed in certain directions, but not others, and such disconnects must be resolved.  Transparency was as powerful galvanizer in electricity, water and other powerful sectors.  If the global community was serious about reaching the 2030 Agenda and the goal of de-carbonization by mid-century, a shift was needed as was a different dialogue between the public and financial sector. Statements BERHANE GEBRE-CHRISTOS, Special Envoy of the Prime Minister of Ethiopia, said the Sustainable Development Goals were being implemented through their implementation with the country’s national development plan.  Ethiopia had mobilized multiple types of financial resources, aligned with its national development priorities.  Through the introduction of comprehensive tax reform, the mobilization of domestic resources had been increasing.  Public financing, including grants and loans, had been used to build productive capacity, while official development assistance and foreign direct investment also played an important role.  Other financial instruments, including remittances, bonds and commercial lending for long-term programs had also been harnessed.  More than 60 per cent of Ethiopia’s national budget went to pro-poor development programmes, with special attention given to job creation and youth employment initiatives. MARIO A. ZAMBRANO ORTIZ (Ecuador), speaking on behalf of the “Group of 77” developing countries and China, said the 2030 Agenda’s implementation required a revitalized global partnership which took into account differing national realities.  Spotlighting the transfer of technology on preferential terms, as well as the creation of a non-discriminatory global trading system, he said private sector investment and innovation were major drivers of productivity and job creation.  He called on businesses to use those forces creatively to solve development challenges.  Noting with concern that many least developed countries — as well as those affected by conflict or living under colonial occupation — had been sidelined by global investment, he called for efforts to channel financing to address their special needs, including through blended or pooled financing, risk mitigation and infrastructure development.  LIU JIEYI (China), speaking on behalf of Brazil, the Russian Federation, India, China and South Africa (the “BRICS” Group), said the global economic recovery was fragile and suffered from a lack of dynamism, inadequate governance and stagnant investments.  Pointing to a rise in “anti-globalization” thinking around the world as well as declining political will, dwindling resources and fragmented efforts, he expressed hope that today’s meeting would foster consensus among stakeholders and build political will in support of common development goals.  He underscored the need to respect the principle of common but differentiated responsibility, stressing that developed nations should bear the primary responsibility for sustainable development, forgive debts and respond to the special needs of developing countries.  Calling for an equitable and open global investment environment, he urged States to resist protectionism and expedite reform of the global financial system. RUBEN ZAMORA (El Salvador), speaking on behalf of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC), underscored the importance of mobilizing new concessional and non-concessional financing.  Sharing knowledge and lessons learned through South-South and triangular cooperation was also vital, he added, emphasizing the need for continued transfer of clean technologies to developing countries.  Reaffirming the Group’s commitment to sustainable development, he said that despite progress made, ODA remained critical to reducing inequality and structural gaps.  Calling on developed countries to fulfil their commitment to allocate 0.7 per cent of their gross national income to ODA, he called on the United Nations development system and international financial institutions to address the specific needs and challenges of countries in the region.  He also called for greater resources and improvement of loan conditions. JO ADAMSON, European Union, said the move from billions to trillions would require full participation, stressing that the bloc was committed to the 2030 Agenda and the Addis Ababa Action Agenda.  Preliminary data by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) showed that ODA in Europe had increased by 11 per cent in 2016 to €75.5 billion, or 0.51 per cent of gross national income (GNI), up from 0.47 in 2015.  Only 25 per cent of that growth was due to in-country support for refugees.  ODA was vital to help least developed countries close financing gaps in health and education, and to catalyse other sources of finance.  Noting that more than one fifth of efforts went to least developed countries, he said the European Union was the world’s leading provider of ODA.  Noting that climate finance accelerated sustainable development, he called the first report of the Interagency Task Force on Financing for Development encouraging, as it struck a balanced tone, was factual and well-evidenced, and it drew on several examples.  The report should be a solid basis for discussing progress and gaps in issues covered in the Addis Ababa Action Agenda and the Economic and Social Council’s Forum on Financing for Development later in the month. LOIS MICHELE YOUNG (Belize), speaking on behalf of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), noted that some large international banks had been terminating or limiting their correspondent banking relationships with smaller Caribbean banks, with negative implications for the region.  Such “derisking” cut Caribbean businesses off from international trade and financing, prevented families from receiving remittances from relatives abroad and discouraged foreign investment, she said.  Through the Caribbean Development Bank, CARICOM was working to strengthen financial transparency and attempting to prevent the loss of correspondent banking relationships.  However, she said, those efforts would only bear fruit if banking partners collaborated in safeguarding such relationships. Ms. ZAHIR (Maldives), speaking on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island Developing States and associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said small island States required capacity-building and the transfer of environmentally-sound technology in order to realize the Sustainable Development Goals.  They faced specific challenges when accessing concessional finance from international financial institutions, she said, stressing that their structural vulnerabilities were often ignored as a result of discrepancies in their categorization within both the United Nations system and international financial institutions.  Urging those institutions to reconsider concessional financing for small island developing States – notwithstanding their income status — she noted with concern the declining trend in ODA for those countries, emphasizing that international public finance commitments must be met. MASUD BIN MOMEN (Bangladesh), speaking on behalf of the Group of Least Developed Countries and associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, warned that least developed countries would not be able to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals if today’s global growth trajectory continued.  States must urgently implement the Addis Ababa Action Agenda on Financing for Development and scale up both public and private sector investment.  Noting that blended finance instruments could prove helpful in that respect, he said efforts must be made to improve financial inclusion and protect developing countries in global markets.  “We must make serious efforts to resist inward-looking and protectionism measures,” he stressed, calling on the United Nations to address the obstacles to development financing. MARC BICHLER (Luxembourg) said ODA represented more than 1 per cent of the country’s GNI.  While affirming the importance of ODA, he said new alliances must be created with private sector actors to provide the financial means to achieve development ambitions.  Financing was needed to combat poverty and climate, and only a multi-disciplinary coalition would advance efficiency in that regard.  All societal actors must be involved, whether in creating policies for Governments, missions for non-governmental organizations or business plans for the private sector.  It was essential to understand and explain to private sector partners that sustainable development provided economic opportunities with quantifiable social and environmental impacts.  Strategies for financing the Goals must align subsidies, ODA, philanthropic donations and long-term loans.  Luxembourg had formed partnerships to launch the first fully financed green stock market and put in place a certification system for preventing “greenwashing” of private climate investments. ANA SILVIA RODRÍGUEZ ABASCAL (Cuba), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, CELAC, and the Group of Small Island Developing States, called for firm commitments and greater political resolve, noting that technology transfer and capacity-building were essential to achieve sustainable development and that public international flows remained inadequate.  Many donors had not met their ODA commitments.  While commending gains made in several sectors, she said more must be done to effectively utilize funding. MAHMADAMIN MAHMADAMINOV (Tajikistan), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said declining capital, volatile economies and climate change were obstacles to development and that mobilizing public and private resources was crucial.  Tajikistan’s social and economic reforms continued to strengthen its export potential and promote human development, he said, stressing the need for enhanced partnerships.  Meeting aid commitments was especially important to help countries in special situations use domestic resources, strengthen taxation capacities and catalyse public investment. RAFAEL DARÍO RAMÍREZ CARREÑO (Venezuela), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said resources from the developing world were being drained for the benefit of developed countries.  Developed countries had a responsibility to open their markets to the commodities of developing nations, he said, also calling for increased ODA.  Stressing that the sovereign management of domestic resources was vital for meeting education and health-care targets, he said Venezuela was ready to share its experience in that regard, as international financial institutions had only worsened the situation in developing countries, and people should have the right to decide their political, economic and social future. ISBETH LISBETH QUIEL MURCIA (Panama), associating herself with the Group of 77 and CELAC, stressed the need for mechanisms to mobilize funding for sustainable development.  For middle-income countries, it was important to ensure a balance between international expectations and the challenges faced on the ground.  Countries could not turn a blind eye to corruption, tax evasion and the illegal movement of money, which were part of a greater global problem.  Panama had recommitted to comply with the highest standards for international transparency, including on tax evasion. AMRITH ROHAN PERERA (Sri Lanka) said financing for development was a major problem for countries, including his own.  In Sri Lanka, public, private and innovative financing options were being mobilized to achieve development objectives.  The country had taken a holistic approach that took into account the environment, technology and innovation, entrepreneurship and access to financing, as well as other areas.  The creation of a carbon fund had allowed companies to achieve carbon neutrality. FADUA ORTEZ (Honduras), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said the 2030 Agenda would require a massive mobilization of funding, although it was important to remember that the goals and objectives of that Agenda were not separate from national efforts.  Innovative funding must be significantly increased, but it must not replace ODA or traditional financing mechanisms, she said, also advocating recognition of the diversity and unique development challenges of middle-income countries. YASUHISA KAWAMURA (Japan) said nearly two years after the adoption of the 2030 Agenda questions persisted on how to tap the vast private sector resources.  That sector was eager to invest in mutually beneficial arrangements.  He urged Member States to consider how they could foster the creation of structures and models that generated profit, attracted investment and helped achieve the Goals.  While it was a rather “unorthodox perspective”, the creation of sustainable business models alongside both traditional and innovative means of financing would help countries meet the Goals. MAHMOUD SAIKAL (Afghanistan), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, and the Least Developed Countries Group, said domestic resource mobilization was vital to national development.  As part of its fiscal strategy, the Government was committed to collecting enough revenue to meet its needs, and over time, gradually reducing its dependence on assistance.  To that end, it was planning to increase its development budget spending by 10 to 15 per cent each year as it expanded service delivery.  However, Afghanistan faced major challenges due to 30 years of conflict and its landlocked status, and he underscored the need for large investments in human capital and technology transfer. JAIME ANDRÉS GNECCO DAZA (Colombia), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said Governments must prioritize partnerships to realize the 2030 Agenda.  Resources beyond traditional financing were needed.  It was important for middle-income countries to address their particular challenges, and as such, more coordination was needed to ensure that that class of countries did not “fall back”.  There was a need to transfer technology and “marry the gap” between the developed and developing countries, he said, also pressing international financial institutions to consider the unique challenges faced by middle-income countries. PHILIP FOX-DRUMMOND GOUGH (Brazil) associating himself with the Group of 77, CELAC and “BRICS”, said his country was moving forward with comprehensive internal reforms aimed at restructuring the fiscal sector and setting the enabling environment for public and private investments.  Those reforms would build the stability and predictability needed for long-term decisions and commitments from all investors.  They would also ensure that the necessary means were available to finance social needs and foster inclusive development.  Brazil was committed to pursuing its South-South cooperation policies, including by providing experience and support to the peoples of the global South. CHO YEONGMOO (Republic of Korea) noted that his country assisted developing countries in modernizing their tax administration systems and building capacity.  A significant contributor of ODA, the Republic of Korea was steadily increasing its support for fragile and conflict-affected States.  It attached great importance to transparent sustainable development budgeting and had established innovative mechanisms for public engagement on wasteful spending and budget misappropriations.  As the host country of the Green Climate Fund Secretariat and the Global Green Growth Institute, the Republic of Korea would develop and share business models for new energy industries with developing countries, he said. KOKI MULI GRIGNON (Kenya) associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, said her country had put in place various tax reforms, including a tax modernization programme, which had resulted in an increased tax base.  The tax administration was highly efficient and run at below its targeted cost.  Noting that a strong revenue base would require investment, particularly from the private sector, she recalled that in 2016, Kenya had been ranked third of the world’s top ten reformers, and in an effort to promote faster business growth, had established a one-stop centre for investors.  An asset-recovery unit also had been set up within the national treasury, with the monies recovered having been directed towards health, clean energy and environmental projects. OMAR HILALE (Morocco), noting that priority projects and financing at the national level would have the greatest impact on sustainable development, underscored the importance of assisting developing countries to ensure they had the resources to reach their development goals.  Education was full of opportunities that should be exploited as they ensured training for young people and promoted their entrepreneurial spirit.  It was essential to mobilize more financial resources to combat climate change, aimed specifically at reducing greenhouse gases.  ODA must be improved and donor pledges honoured, he said, underscoring Morocco’s was committed to South-South Cooperation. GHANIM AL-HUDAIFI AL-KUWARI (Qatar), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said “it goes without saying” that achieving the Sustainable Development Goals required significant financial mobilization, while implementation of the 2030 Agenda required the concerted management of funds and respect for national priorities.  International cooperation was vital, he said, adding that sustainable development was a common responsibility.  “We must all work together,” he continued, while pledging his country’s assistance in development projects.  JOSÉ LUIS FIALHO ROCHA (Cabo Verde) called for the integration of all development agendas, namely those on climate change, disaster risk reduction and urban development.  Sustainable development plans must consider the needs of small island developing States by meeting their specificities and increasing spending, which had recently declined.  “Moving from words to action requires that we focus,” he stressed, calling for national development strategies that prioritized goals and an international financial assessment mechanism that could support coordination.  Indeed, economic growth must be complemented by a social compact. AYE MYA MYA KHAING (Myanmar), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, and the least developed countries, urged significant cooperation at the local, regional, and international levels.   Myanmar’s projects were based on the Goals and focused on close work with United Nations agencies.  Echoing concerns over the growing imbalance between core and non-core resources, and declining foreign direct investment, she drew attention to the need for technology transfer and private sector participation.  While underscoring the role of international development aid, she said national ownership was critical in order to advance development. SYLVIA PAOLA MENDOZA ELGUEA (Mexico), associating herself with CELAC, recognized the importance of the private sector in creating innovative and inclusive models.  In Mexico, the private sector was encouraged to provide employment to women and young people.  Indeed, there could be no peace without development, and no development without peace, and she called on the global community to come together to mobilize resources. Ms. NURAN (Indonesia) stressed that national circumstances differed, even if countries faced the same basic challenges.  The financing available would not have much value if different national realities, capacities and development levels were not considered.  The sharing of experiences and information could help identify strategies best-suited to specific country contexts.  She urged that more studies be conducted to understand how markets in least developed countries could better attract foreign investors, stressing that the funding gap could only be met by significantly increasing private sector participation.  The mobilization of domestic public resources was also critical to achieving sustainable development. Mr. SHAHABUDIN (Malaysia) said that as his country moved towards a high-value, knowledge-based economy with a strong focus on services and manufacturing, innovation would be crucial for raising the efficiency, and thus, productivity.  Malaysia was working to balance a growing population and demand, with the imperative need for green growth strategies, given the increasing intensity and frequency of extreme weather events.  Middle-income countries still faced significant challenges to achieving sustainable development, he stressed. LOK BAHADUR POUDEL CHHETRI (Nepal) associating himself with the Group of 77 and the least developed countries, expressed concern over the slow identification of what worked at the global, national and local levels in terms of leveraging resources.  There was an urgent need to use available tools, he said, stressing that partnerships and technology transfer, in addition to traditional financing mechanisms, must be used to support implementation of the 2030 Agenda.  Resource gaps were even greater for countries in special situations, including Nepal. Mr. TILMAN (Timor-Leste), associating himself with the Group of 77, the Alliance of Small Island States and the least developed countries, said funding from all sources must be maximized in order to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals.  Timor-Leste was honoured to be part of a new type of cooperation called “fragile-to-fragile cooperation”, which allowed countries to share ideas and solutions aimed at addressing the unique needs of countries in fragile situations. MARIA ANGELA PONCE (Philippines), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, said South-South cooperation was critical to mobilize resources for the sustainable development of developing countries.  Underscoring the need for accountability and transparency, she said ODA to her country had been on the decline since 2001, a trend in countries approaching or having approached middle-income status.  The Government, therefore, was working to maximize tax revenue while encouraging private sector investment in projects to bridge funding gaps. SONGELAEL W. SHILLA (United Republic of Tanzania), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said his country was creating a favourable investment climate to attract more business to the extractive, agriculture and telecommunications industries, which were key drivers of development.  While underscoring the importance of domestic resource mobilization, national ownership and good governance, he said domestic resources alone were insufficient for achieving the 2030 Agenda and he emphasized the critical role of international funds in that regard.  International trade, debt and other systemic issues also required international and “undivided attention”. RUSLAN BULTRIKOV (Kazakhstan) said his country’s commitment to sustainable development was evident in its national agendas and plans.  The Government had introduced a plan to reduce carbon emissions and was working to implement a trade-related project to reduce greenhouse gasses.  Such initiatives were in line with the Paris Agreement on Climate Change.  Kazakhstan had also allocated one per cent of its defence spending to finance development goals, in hopes that such a “complementary channel of financing” would help meet targets. Taking the floor a second time, the representative of Venezuela said he rejected the lies and manipulations directed toward his country by his counterpart from Morocco, stressing that the meeting had been used to air issues that were not on the agenda. Also taking the floor a second time, the representative of Morocco responded that while Venezuela was quite rich, the regime there had chosen not to use national resources appropriately to benefit the people. Ms. KYTE, in closing remarks, said that what had become clear during today’s event was that the speed and scale of financing required for the 2030 Agenda was of critical importance. The moderators of afternoon workshops then took the floor to describe the outcomes of their respective discussions.  John McArthur, Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution, noted that participants in a workshop on “Building an inclusive and peaceful future where no one is left behind” had stressed the need for the United Nations to bring the most relevant stakeholders together to solve the financing for development challenge.  Others had urged the United Nations to more explicitly encourage each country’s national coordinating body to take a more active role. Irving Mintzer, Visiting Research Scholar at the School of Advanced International Studies, Johns Hopkins University, said participants in a workshop titled “Fostering economic growth and development, and tackling inequality” had questioned what the United Nations could do to more efficiently galvanize financing for development.  The world must shift from an incremental mode to a transformation approach to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. Simon Zadek, co-Director, United Nations Environment Inquiry, who moderated a workshop on “Protecting our world in the present and the future”, said that while there had been an emphasis on the risk and de-risking of investments, many participants had also highlighted the need for policy-influenced investment vehicles. Mr. THOMSON, in closing remarks, said he had been encouraged by the frank and practical nature of today’s dialogue.  Discussions had emphasized the need to increase the speed and scale of action, with speakers recognizing the magnitude of challenges ahead, the volume of resources needed and the importance of partnerships.  Many had reaffirmed the need for predictable ODA to catalyse change, including domestic resource mobilization. Further, he said, the discussions had encouraged the World Bank and other multilateral development banks to leverage investments to develop financial systems.  Business leaders had confirmed that — with the right policy mix — asset holders could be incentivized to divest from underperforming investments and instead direct funds towards sustainable projects.  The role of the United Nations in fostering dialogue between the public and private sectors had received wide support, as had further exploration of the potential “sweet spot” the Organization could occupy between Member States and global financial institutions.  He pledged to convey those messages to finance ministers gathering at the World Bank Spring meetings in Washington, D.C., later this week. Environmental issues and sustainable development For information media. Not an official record. Search Search for documents and statements Search Advanced Search Daily Noon Briefing 18 April 2017 The International Organization on Migration reports that nearly 9,000 migrants were rescued over the past long weekend by individual NGOs and by the international flotilla in the Mediterranean Sea.  The rescued migrants were mostly Africans, but there was also a large number of people from Bangladesh. Latest Noon Briefings Highlights 61st Session of the Commission on the Status of Women New York, 13-24 Mar 2017 Round-up of the Security Council's activities New York, Jan-Dec 2016 Main part of the 71st session of the General Assembly New York, Sep-Dec 2016 Resources Journal Conferences & Events Media Alert Meetings Coverage & Press Releases United Nations © 2014, New York, NY 10017 About us News & Media Resources News Centre Webcast Photo Multimedia Radio Media Accreditation Television UNIFEED Spokesperson for the Secretary-General Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS YouTube Copyright Terms of Use Privacy Notice Site Index Fraud Alert Help
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, April 19, 2017 3:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money JPMorgan to sell US$6.9b of student loans to Navient Wednesday April 19, 2017 07:59 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years The Edit: French ‘human hen’ artist hatches first chick The Edit: Adidas slammed for tone-deaf email The Edit: Pitbull adds Malaysia tour date Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company JPMorgan Chase (JPM) is seen in Los Angeles, California. ― Reuters picNEW YORK, April 19 — JPMorgan Chase & Co. agreed to sell a US$6.9 billion (RM30.43 billion) portfolio of student loans to Navient Corp, five days after the bank told shareholders it was looking to unload the holdings. JPMorgan, which announced in 2013 that it would no longer make student loans, said April 13 that it booked a writedown on those debts as it explores options for their disposal. The sale includes about US$3.7 billion in federally guaranteed student loans, less than half of which are securitized, and about US$3.2 billion in whole private education loans, Navient said yesterday in a statement, which didn’t specify terms.  Navient, the largest servicer of student loans in the US, expects to complete the acquisition in stages this quarter and eventually move the loans to its servicing platforms. The deal will probably be accretive to earnings this year, the Wilmington, Delaware-based company said. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years, but below forecast Ringgit at 4.4070/4100 against US greenback Alarm sounds in emerging currencies for top Asia forecaster KL shares open slightly lower, but rebounded thereafter Dollar kicked by ascendant sterling after May calls UK vote (VIDEO) Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion United Airlines CEO won’t resign Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Queen announce European tour dates First teaser for ‘Kingsman: The Golden Circle’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Navient to buy JPMorgan's $6.9B education loan portfolio The deal comes as Navient faces allegations it illegally failed student loan borrowers Post to Facebook Navient to buy JPMorgan's $6.9B education loan portfolio  The deal comes as Navient faces allegations it illegally failed student loan borrowers   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2oSRHKq {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Navient to buy JPMorgan's $6.9B education loan portfolio Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY Published 6:26 p.m. ET April 18, 2017 | Updated 8 hours ago File photo taken in 2014 shows local officials with Navient executives as they unveiled the student loan servicing giant's new exterior sign. (Photo: Navient, Globe Newswire) 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE The nation's largest student loan servicing company Tuesday said it is on the verge of growing even bigger — but tempered the news by reporting earnings that missed Wall Street forecasts. Wilmington, Del.-based Navient (NAVI) said it has reached an agreement to purchase JPMorgan Chase's roughly $6.9 billion education loan portfolio. The package consists of roughly $3.7 billion in federally guaranteed student loans, including $1.6 billion that have been securitized, plus $3.2 billion in private education loans, the company said. Navient in 2014 announced a similar acquisition of an $8.5 billion portfolio of federally-guaranteed student loans from Wells Fargo. Servicing contracts for borrowers in the JPMorgan Chase portfolio remain unchanged, and the borrowers do not need to take any action at this time, Navient said. The company plans to shift the loans to its servicing platforms in the future and anticipates providing additional information at that time. The deal comes as Navient faces allegations that it illegally failed student loan borrowers by providing incorrect payment information, processing payments incorrectly and failing to act when borrowers complained. In mid-January, federal and state officials filed lawsuits against the company.  Navient has denied the allegations and is contesting the legal actions. Terms of the agreement with JPMorgan, announced after U.S. financial markets closed, were not immediately available. "With the acquisition of nearly $7 billion of education loans, we again demonstrate our capability to successfully execute large, complex transactions for the benefit of our customers and shareholders," Navient CEO and President  Jack Remondi said in a written statement issued with the announcement. Subject to certain closing conditions, the acquisition is expected to be finalized in the second quarter. Navient predicted the deal would boost the company's earnings this year. News of the deal briefly sent Navient shares more than 6% higher in after-hours trading. But the shares reversed direction, trading less than 1% higher after Navient reported unexpectedly low first-quarter results. Navient reported net income for the quarter ending on March 31 of $88 million, or 30 cents per share, down from $181 million, or 53 cents per share a year earlier. Core earnings, which don't conform with generally accepted accounting principles, totaled $107 million, or 36 cents per share in the period. On a per-share basis analysts surveyed by S&P Capital IQ had expected profit of 42 cents per share. The company attributed the bulk of the earnings decline to an $82 million reduction in net interest income primarily due to the amortization of the firm's portfolio. Navient executives are expected to discuss the financial results with investors and financial analysts during a Wednesday morning conference call. CFPB says student loan giant Navient cheated borrowers Follow USA TODAY reporter Kevin McCoy on Twitter: @kmccoynyc 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2oSRHKq
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HSBC Holdings plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Fonar (FONR) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds First Trust Energy Infrastructure Fund (FIF) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.24 Flex (FLEX) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Study Finds Gravity Co., LTD. (GRVY) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Brokerages Expect Sophiris Bio Inc (SPHS) to Post -$0.09 Earnings Per Share Entegris Inc (ENTG) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.25 Per Share $0.09 Earnings Per Share Expected for Rayonier Inc. (RYN) This Quarter Ross Stores’ (ROST) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Coach’s (COH) Hold Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Inogen Inc (INGN) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Sidoti Lumos Networks Corp (LMOS) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Grana y Montero SAA (GRAM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Sell” by Brokerages PTC Therapeutics (PTCT) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $591.95 Million BNK Petroleum Inc. (BKX) Director Ford Nicholson Buys 50,000 Shares of Stock Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.95 Billion $1.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) This Quarter Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc (LON: HSBA) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 4/7/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 670 ($8.43) price target on the stock. 4/6/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 600 ($7.55) price target on the stock. 4/6/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 720 ($9.06) price target on the stock. 4/3/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc was given a new GBX 740 ($9.31) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/28/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 600 ($7.55) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc was given a new GBX 745 ($9.38) price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/24/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 720 ($9.06) price target on the stock. 3/21/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc was given a new GBX 745 ($9.38) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/16/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 720 ($9.06) price target on the stock. 3/16/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc was given a new GBX 635 ($7.99) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/14/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 670 ($8.43) price target on the stock. 3/14/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc was given a new GBX 740 ($9.31) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/13/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 3/9/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 600 ($7.55) price target on the stock. 3/8/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 750 ($9.44) to GBX 740 ($9.31). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc was given a new GBX 635 ($7.99) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc was given a new GBX 750 ($9.44) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/22/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Beaufort Securities. They now have a GBX 690 ($8.68) price target on the stock. 2/22/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 660 ($8.31) to GBX 635 ($7.99). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/22/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 670 ($8.43) to GBX 650 ($8.18). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 2/21/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc was given a new GBX 720 ($9.06) price target on by analysts at S&P Global. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/21/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 2/21/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc was given a new GBX 660 ($8.31) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/20/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 600 ($7.55) to GBX 670 ($8.43). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/20/2017 – HSBC Holdings plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 775 ($9.75) to GBX 750 ($9.44). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. Shares of HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) traded down 2.75% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 626.20. The company had a trading volume of 38,315,097 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 656.18 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 651.27. HSBC Holdings plc has a 1-year low of GBX 392.37 and a 1-year high of GBX 715.20. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 122.19 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Investors of record on Thursday, February 23rd were given a dividend of €0.21 ($0.22) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 2.53%. This is a boost from HSBC Holdings plc’s previous dividend of $0.10. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, February 23rd. In related news, insider Lord Evans bought 1,483 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 674 ($8.48) per share, for a total transaction of £9,995.42 ($12,580.77). Also, insider Douglas J. Flint sold 138,888 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 662 ($8.33), for a total value of £919,438.56 ($1,157,254.32). Over the last 90 days, insiders acquired 1,528 shares of company stock valued at $1,029,402 and sold 500,827 shares valued at $332,418,868. HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) is the banking and financial services company. The Company manages its products and services through four businesses: Retail Banking and Wealth Management (RBWM), Commercial Banking (CMB), Global Banking and Markets (GB&M), and Global Private Banking (GPB). It operates across various geographical regions, which include Europe, Asia, Middle East and North Africa, North America and Latin America. Receive News & Ratings for HSBC Holdings plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Weekly Broker Update - Jupiter Fund Management (LON:JUP) Analysts Consensus For Judges Scientific (LON:JDG) Johnston Press (LON:JPR) Recent Analyst Updates Recent Broker Updates On Johnson Service Group (LON:JSG) What Do Analysts Think Of John Laing Infrastructure Fund Ltd (LON:JLIF) This Week? Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Tue, Apr 18th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Shares Of JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Keefe Bruyette Woods According to an update released by analysts at Keefe Bruyette Woods the broker has now set a ‘Buy’ rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) with a price target of 47. Keefe Bruyette Woods on Tuesday indicated JPMorgan Chase & Co’s analyst rating as ‘Buy’ with its price target of 47 highlighting a potential decrease of -44.95% from JPMorgan Chase & Co’s current price of 85.38. Over the last twelve months JPMorgan Chase & Co’s stock price has increased from 60.66 to 85.38, a change of 40.75%. JPMorgan Chase & Co has 3,552,800,000 shares in issue which have a share price of 85.38 giving JPMorgan Chase & Co a market capitalisation of 303.34B USD. The company has a 50 day moving average of 89.01 and a 200 day moving average of 82.36. The 52 week high shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co have reached is 93.98 whilst the 52 week low for the company’s shares is 57.05. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. The Corporate & Investment Bank segment, comprising Banking and Markets & Investor Services, offers investment banking, market-making, prime brokerage, and treasury and securities products and services to corporations, investors, financial institutions, and government and municipal entities. The Commercial Banking segment provides financial solutions, including lending, treasury services, investment banking and asset management. The Asset Management segment comprises investment and wealth management. More from Reuters » Receive JPMorgan Chase & Co News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Weekly Broker Update – Jupiter Fund Management (LON:JUP) Analysts Consensus For Judges Scientific (LON:JDG) Johnston Press (LON:JPR) Recent Analyst Updates Recent Broker Updates On Johnson Service Group (LON:JSG) Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Weekly Broker Update - Jupiter Fund Management (LON:JUP) Analysts Consensus For Judges Scientific (LON:JDG) Johnston Press (LON:JPR) Recent Analyst Updates Recent Broker Updates On Johnson Service Group (LON:JSG) What Do Analysts Think Of John Laing Infrastructure Fund Ltd (LON:JLIF) This Week? Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Tue, Apr 18th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Receives Neutral Rating From Nomura Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) had its stock rating maintained as ‘Neutral’ in a report released by analysts at Nomura. Nomura today set a target price of 83 on the company’s stock. According to the analyst this now indicates there is a potential decrease of -2.79% from JPMorgan Chase & Co’s current price of 85.38. Over the last twelve months JPMorgan Chase & Co’s stock price has increased by 40.75% from 60.66 to 85.38. There are currently 3,552,800,000 shares in issue with a current share value of 85.38 giving JPMorgan Chase & Co a market capitalisation of 303.34B USD . JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) has a 50 day moving average of 89.01 and a 200 day moving average of 82.36. The 52 week high for the share price is 93.98 while the 52 week low for the stock is 57.05. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. The Corporate & Investment Bank segment, comprising Banking and Markets & Investor Services, offers investment banking, market-making, prime brokerage, and treasury and securities products and services to corporations, investors, financial institutions, and government and municipal entities. The Commercial Banking segment provides financial solutions, including lending, treasury services, investment banking and asset management. The Asset Management segment comprises investment and wealth management. More from Reuters » Receive JPMorgan Chase & Co News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Weekly Broker Update – Jupiter Fund Management (LON:JUP) Analysts Consensus For Judges Scientific (LON:JDG) Recent Broker Updates On Johnson Service Group (LON:JSG) Johnston Press (LON:JPR) Recent Analyst Updates Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Goldman’s trading miss stuns Wall Street By admin in Uncategorized April 18, 2017 Goldman Sachs fell short of earnings expectations due to a drop in quarterly trading revenue, prompting analysts to demand explanations for underperformance in an area where the bank usually outshines rivals.Newly appointed finance chief R. Martin Chavez said Goldman’s clients traded less with the bank because markets were calmer and because it does not lend as much as competitors. Banks with bigger balance sheets, like JPMorgan Chase & Co, tend to profit not only from financing corporations but from capturing hedging and other markets-related business as well. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Goldman’s 2 per cent decline in trading revenue came in sharp contrast to results from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup and Bank of America. Photo: Victor J. Blue “We underperformed this quarter,” he said on a conference call with analysts.Analysts seemed unsatisfied with explanations from Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz. They were unusually tough during a Q&A session, with all but one of six pressing management about trading results, especially in fixed income.Goldman’s 2 per cent decline in trading revenue came in sharp contrast to results from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup and Bank of America, which all beat estimates due to strength in trading.Credit Suisse analyst Christian Bolu said Goldman investors were showing some “nervousness” about the strength of the business, and UBS’s Brennan Hawken chastised the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been “kind of easy”. Advertisement “I’m not fully – I’m still confused,” said Hawken, adding, “I have some company.”Goldman’s shares tumbled 5.3 per cent to $US214.47 in afternoon trade in New York.During the first quarter the CBOE Volatility Index reached its lowest level since before financial crisis. Oil prices were also trading at years-low volatility levels.That lack of volatility meant its investor clients, many of them hedge funds, were trading less. Goldman’s unusually large exposure to commodities trading also hurt its fixed income business.In the best of times, Goldman generated more than $US6 billion in quarterly revenue from fixed-income trading. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what US banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades.Goldman’s profit rose from a dif… Post navigation Leicester City vs Atletico Madrid Live Streaming: Catch live online streaming of Champions League in IST ‘If we score the first goal, the second will be scored by Camp Nou,’ says Barcelona coach Luis Enrique Search for: Recent Posts Alia Bhatt or Anushka Sharma: Who wore Masaba Gupta’s denim-on-denim better? We know all about Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Abhishek’s marriage anniversary plans Ranveer Singh refuses to be a part of Salman Khan’s Da-Bangg tour and the reason will surprise you! Baidu says will launch self-driving car technology in July Meet the new (Tiguan-fighting) Opel Grandland X… Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Dow 30 20,523.28 -113.64 (-0.55%) Nasdaq 5,849.47 -7.32 (-0.12%) How Goldman Doubled Profit and Still Missed Wall Street's Targets Bradley Keoun TheStreet.com April 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Goldman Sachs , the New York-based investment bank, said net income almost doubled during the first quarter as buoyant markets led to big gains on in-house stock and bond investments.  The fly in the ointment? Profit of $5.15 a share still trailed the $5.31 average of estimates from analysts surveyed by FactSet as the bank's fixed-income trading business garnered only a fraction of the growth reported by competitors JPMorgan Chase  , Citigroup and Bank of America . Adding in stock trades, Goldman's overall revenue from transactions with clients dropped 2% to $3.36 billion, missing a gain of 10% projected by Deutsche Bank analysts. Companywide net income was $2.26 billion, according to a statement Tuesday. "The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses, and a more attractive backdrop for underwriting in our investment-banking franchise," CEO Lloyd Blankfein said in the statement. The firm benefited from a 16% increase in stock and bond-underwriting fees, as more companies took advantage of financial conditions to raise money in the capital markets. The windfall follows increased market activity following President Donald Trump's election as well as a weak period a year ago, when low oil prices and the potential for a Chinese currency devaluation unnerved investors. Investment-banking revenue, which includes fees from underwriting as well as advising on mergers, totaled $1.7 billion. EXCLUSIVE LOOK INSIDE: Citigroup is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS charitable trust portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buy or sell the stock? Learn more now. Goldman's in-house investing and lending unit, which takes market-oriented positions in equities and debt securities -- as opposed to the trading business that's supposed to handle orders mainly at the request of clients -- posted a 16-fold gain in revenue from a year earlier to $1.46 billion.  Goldman attributed the swing to a "significant increase in net gains from investments in both private and public equities, which were positively impacted by corporate performance and an increase in global equity prices."  The unit also booked gains on debt instruments and collected higher interest income, according to the statement. Revenue from client trading in fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities totaled $1.69 billion, roughly unchanged from the prior year's period. The lackluster result stemmed from "an environment characterized by political uncertainty, low levels of volatility and low client activity levels," the bank said. Net revenue from trading stocks with clients fell by 6% from the prior period, reflecting lower transactional volumes in the U.S. and a "change in the composition of customer balances in securities services," which is the business of financing hedge funds and other big investors through trading loans.     Overall trading results at Goldman, whose stock fell 4.7% to $215.59 at the close of New York trading on Tuesday, trailed those of peers. JPMorgan said last week that first-quarter trading revenue climbed 14% from a year earlier, while Citigroup's rose 18%. Bank of America said Tuesday that its trading revenue rose 13%.  On a conference call with analysts, Goldman CFO Martin Chavez said that commodities trading -- a big component of the firm's fixed-income business -- was particularly weak, and that may have hurt the firm relative to peers. Volatility in crude oil prices fell to its lowest in more than two years, he said.  "Given the strength of our commodities business, this is unique to our firm," Chavez said. "Ultimately, we didn't navigate the quarter well."  EXCLUSIVE OFFER: See inside Jim Cramer’s multi-million dollar charitable trust portfolio to see the stocks he thinks could be potentially HUGE winners. Click here to see his holdings for FREE. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Cramer: Don't get burned! My advice for when to sell a hot stock CNBC.com Why Bank of America (BAC) Stock Might be a Great Pick Zacks There's no 'sugar coating' Goldman's disappointing earnings, says Oppenheimer senior analyst CNBC.com What Stephen Bannon Was Like at Goldman Sachs The Street Cramer explains the explosive combination that signals a raging buy CNBC.com Scientists have invented a dryer that can dry clothes in half the time without heat Business Insider Since 1990, market gains double when this happens — and it just did CNBC Under Armour made a fatal error that will take 'years' to fix Business Insider Vijay Mallya arrested in London; due to appear in Westminster magistrates court India Today Yahoo Finance's David Marcus interview Yahoo Finance Video Facebook Exec: How Messenger can improve your social life Yahoo Finance Uber has lost 8 top execs in under 2 months Yahoo Finance Police tracked down the 'Facebook killer' after McDonald's employees held up his french fry order Business Insider We tried KFC 'superior' chicken sandwich to challenge McDonald's, Wendy's, and Burger King — here's the verdict Business Insider Wells Fargo tests Facebook chatbot Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, April 19 Yahoo Finance Video First Lady Melania Trump's Style Evolution Bloodhound: She is beautiful. Classy and very stylish. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 150
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Olin Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Olin Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics (BCLI) Receiving Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Finds Americafirst Capital Management LLC Invests $487,000 in Lennox International Inc. (LII) Heritage Investors Management Corp Decreases Position in Olin Co. (OLN) Americafirst Capital Management LLC Acquires Shares of 4,425 Sempra Energy (SRE) Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) Shares Sold by Heritage Investors Management Corp Americafirst Capital Management LLC Buys New Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Heritage Investors Management Corp Has $2.372 Million Stake in HP Inc (HPQ) Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Bio-Rad Laboratories (BIO) Share Price BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) Earns News Impact Score of 0.22 Ebix Inc (EBIX) Short Interest Down 14.3% in March Doyle Wealth Management Acquires New Position in Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Shares Bought by Viking Fund Management LLC Viking Fund Management LLC Has $2.879 Million Position in BP plc (BP) Corning Incorporated (GLW) Position Cut by Cribstone Capital Management LLC Cribstone Capital Management LLC Decreases Position in Toyota Motor Corp (TM) Iowa State Bank Has $3.77 Million Stake in Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Cribstone Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in PPL Corp (PPL) Cribstone Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 2,956 FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Cribstone Capital Management LLC Has $159,000 Position in Sun Life Financial Inc (SLF) Iowa State Bank Acquires 900 Shares of Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Heritage Investors Management Corp Decreases Position in Olin Co. (OLN) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Heritage Investors Management Corp lowered its stake in shares of Olin Co. (NYSE:OLN) by 10.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 34,524 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,960 shares during the period. Heritage Investors Management Corp’s holdings in Olin were worth $1,135,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in OLN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Olin by 345.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 299,552 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,146,000 after buying an additional 232,376 shares during the period. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. increased its position in Olin by 4.2% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 58,831 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,208,000 after buying an additional 2,375 shares during the period. Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. increased its position in Olin by 3.3% in the third quarter. Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. now owns 1,908,882 shares of the company’s stock valued at $39,170,000 after buying an additional 61,453 shares during the period. Advisors Capital Management LLC increased its position in Olin by 279.1% in the third quarter. Advisors Capital Management LLC now owns 514,187 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,551,000 after buying an additional 378,553 shares during the period. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Olin by 0.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,973,172 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,488,000 after buying an additional 11,289 shares during the period. Shares of Olin Co. (NYSE:OLN) traded up 0.26% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $30.48. 336,147 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $32.03 and a 200 day moving average of $27.11. The company’s market cap is $5.04 billion. Olin Co. has a 12 month low of $18.24 and a 12 month high of $33.88. Olin (NYSE:OLN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.31 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.09 by $0.22. Olin had a negative net margin of 0.07% and a positive return on equity of 7.56%. The company earned $1.39 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.36 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.37) earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Olin Co. will post $1.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Heritage Investors Management Corp Decreases Position in Olin Co. (OLN)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/heritage-investors-management-corp-decreases-position-in-olin-co-oln.html. Several research firms have commented on OLN. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Olin from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Monness Crespi & Hardt downgraded shares of Olin from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $28.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Longbow Research raised shares of Olin from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Cowen and Company increased their price objective on shares of Olin from $32.00 to $37.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Olin currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $28.17. In related news, VP Stephen C. Curley sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.95, for a total transaction of $61,900.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 18,837 shares in the company, valued at $583,005.15. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, VP Stephen C. Curley sold 5,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.06, for a total transaction of $176,330.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 24,337 shares in the company, valued at $780,244.22. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 27,500 shares of company stock valued at $857,330 in the last ninety days. 2.80% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Olin Olin Corporation is a manufacturer and distributor of chemical products, and ammunition. The Company operates through three segments: Chlor Alkali Products and Vinyls, Epoxy and Winchester. The Chlor Alkali Products and Vinyls segment manufactures and sells chlorine and caustic soda, ethylene dichloride and vinyl chloride monomer, methyl chloride, methylene chloride, chloroform, carbon tetrachloride, perchloroethylene, trichloroethylene and vinylidene chloride, hydrochloric acid, hydrogen, bleach products and potassium hydroxide. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding OLN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Olin Co. (NYSE:OLN). Receive News & Ratings for Olin Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Olin Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT SPONSORED CONTENT What's this?Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. Email Print Facebook Share Twitter Google+ LinkedIn smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. How to Manage Bond Market Pain and Seek the Gain When Rates Are Rising By Nick Gartside, International CIO of Global Fixed Income, J.P. Morgan Asset Management April 18, 2017 With interest rates rising and bond markets in flux, Nick Gartside – International CIO of Global Fixed Income and portfolio manager for the JPMorgan JPM -0.8152806894945259% JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE USD85.16 -0.7 -0.8152806894945259% /Date(1492549204313-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 13994631 AFTER HOURS USD85.11 -0.05 -0.058713010803193987% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 132418 P/E Ratio 13.121725731895223 Market Cap 305477682337.56 Dividend Yield 2.3485204321277595% Rev. per Employee 440546 More quote details and news » JPM in Your Value Your Change Short position Global Bond Opportunities Fund and the JPMorgan Global Bond Opportunities ETF JPGB 0.05963029218843172% JPMorgan Global Bond Opportunities ETF Bats BZX 50.34 0.03 0.05963029218843172% /Date(1492549800189-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 537 P/E Ratio N/A Market Cap N/A Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee N/A More quote details and news » JPGB in Your Value Your Change Short position – explains why bond investors are looking to unconstrained fixed income strategies to help them maintain an attractive rate of real return. The realities for fixed income investors have changed. How is this being reflected in markets? Bond investing has become increasingly difficult over the past decade. Markets have been heavily distorted by ultra-low interest rates and quantitative easing, as well as by extreme risk aversion in response to the global economic crisis and the eurozone debt crisis. With bond yields still at historically low levels, investors can no longer rely on coupons for the majority of their fixed income returns. Instead, managers are increasingly challenged to generate capital gains by employing the full fixed income tool kit. More recently, bond markets have been hit by a major shift in outlook for growth and inflation following the US elections. Yields have risen and credit spreads have narrowed in reaction to President Trump’s fiscal stimulus plans, which are expected to spur the Federal Reserve to normalize interest rates faster than was initially expected. This drastic change in outlook should lead to increased volatility as the market grapples with the new bond regime. In this environment, how can investors generate attractive fixed income returns while managing volatility? Quite simply, at a time when growth and inflation forecasts are rising, investors need to have every tool at their disposal to generate fixed income returns while managing risk. This means being mindful of the rigidities of fixed income benchmarks and considering an unconstrained approach so that opportunities can be exploited across the broadest possible investment universe. Traditional fixed income benchmarks have some inherent weaknesses. They tend to reward bad behavior, and they no longer provide a sufficient cushion against rising rates. Most fixed income benchmarks – such as the Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Bond Index – are market cap-weighted, so investing with reference to a traditional bond index may mean having most of your exposure to those countries or companies that have issued the most debt, and are therefore perhaps the least creditworthy. Additionally, many issuers have taken advantage of the low yield environment to extend the duration of their debt, eroding the yield cushion provided by benchmarks and exposing investors to potential capital losses when interest rates rise. In contrast, unconstrained fixed income investors have the potential to allocate dynamically across all fixed income sectors, thereby positioning portfolios optimally as the economic environment changes. They can also quickly shift geographical exposure in order to sidestep political risks and—perhaps most crucially given today’s reflationary environment—they can manage duration flexibly to adjust the sensitivity of portfolios to changes in interest rates. What characteristics should investors look for when selecting an unconstrained fixed income manager? Finding the best opportunities in the $100 trillion global bond market requires a large global resource to generate ideas. However, it’s not enough just to have lots of boots on the ground. A successful unconstrained manager needs to be able to ensure that the best ideas from investors around the world are shared and compared on a consistent basis—and that these ideas are packaged into portfolios in a risk-controlled way. At J.P. Morgan Asset Management, we use the same fundamental, quantitative and technical screens for all the bonds and sectors we cover globally. This framework provides a consistent language for assessing relative value opportunities. We also take a multi-dimensional approach to risk, ensuring portfolios are well diversified, while also keeping a close eye on the sensitivity or correlation of portfolios to several risk factors, including changes in market interest rates, changes in exchange rates and changes in credit spreads. Where are you currently finding the most attractive opportunities, and where are you looking to reduce portfolio risk? We believe stronger economic growth and rising interest rates will support demand for spread products—therefore we are finding most value at the moment in US high yield bonds, investment grade corporate bonds, convertible bonds, commercial mortgage-backed securities and, more selectively, in emerging market debt. With interest rates likely to rise faster than anticipated, we also continue to be cautious on duration exposure. We think the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates three more times in 2017, helping push the 10-year US Treasury up from the current 2.3%-2.5% level towards 3.0%-3.5% by the end of the year. In this environment, capitalizing on the opportunities and managing the risks as they arise requires the expertise and flexibility that an experienced unconstrained fixed income manager can provide. Broaden the borders of your bond portfolio To access the opportunities in global bond markets, investors may benefit from a fund with the flexibility to invest across the entire fixed income spectrum. Both the JPMorgan Global Bond Opportunities Fund and ETF dynamically allocate to the highest conviction ideas of its management team across 15 sectors and more than 50 countries. Learn more about Global Bond Opportunities: ETF, Mutual fund Call 1-844-4JPM-ETF or visit www.jpmorganetfs.com to obtain a prospectus. Carefully consider the investment objectives and risks as well as charges and expenses of the ETF before investing. The summary and full prospectuses contain this and other information about the ETF. Read them carefully before investing. This document is a general communication being provided for informational purposes only. It is educational in nature and not designed to be a recommendation for any specific investment product, strategy, plan feature or other purpose. Any examples used are generic, hypothetical and for illustration purposes only. Prior to making any investment or financial decisions, an investor should seek individualized advice from a personal financial, legal, tax and other professional advisors that take into account all of the particular facts and circumstances of an investor’s own situation. RISK SUMMARY • Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. Shares are bought and sold market price, and are not individually redeemed from a fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. • Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops. • Securities rated below investment grade are considered “high-yield,” “non-investment grade,” “below investment-grade,” or “junk bonds,” and are usually rated in the fifth or lower rating categories of Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s Investors Service. Although they tend to provide higher yields than higher rated securities, they can carry greater risk. • International investing has a greater degree of risk and increased volatility due to political and economic instability of some overseas markets. Changes in currency exchange rates and different accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can affect returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors as well as increased volatility and decreased trading volume. • The Fund is actively managed and there is no guarantee the Fund will achieve its investment objective. Actively managed funds typically charge more than index-linked products. • Diversification may not protect against market loss. Opinions and statements of market trends that are based on current market conditions constitute our judgment and are subject to change without notice. These views described may not be suitable for all investors. References to specific securities, asset classes and financial markets are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendations. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. ETF shares are bought and sold throughout the day on an exchange at market price (not NAV) through a brokerage account, and are not individually redeemed from the fund. Shares may only be sold or redeemed directly from a fund by Authorized Participants, in very large creation/redemption units. For all products, brokerage commissions will reduce returns. J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the marketing name for the asset management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates worldwide. J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Funds are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co, One Freedom Valley Dr., Oaks, PA 19456, which is not affiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates. For additional disclosure: https://am.jpmorgan.com/us/en/asset-management/gim/adv/site-disclaimer Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. MORE FROM J.P. MORGAN FUNDS •  3 Things to Know about DC Plan Participants Under 30 •  Top picks in asset allocation •  Building a better index with strategic beta •  3 Ways to Help Improve Retirement Outcomes For additional disclosure: http://www.bit.ly/1PCGvXH Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC An earnings beat by JPMorgan doesn't always bode well for its stock CNBC @CNBCPublished now CNBC @CNBCPublished now                                                                               Using hedge fund analytics tool Kensho, CNBC ran a study to see how JPMorgan performs in the week following its first quarter results. On Thursday morning, investors got a read on the health of the big financials after three of the largest U.S. banks, JPMorgan Chase , Wells Fargo and Citigroup reported first quarter earnings reports. Higher costs and weaker mortgage revenue were to blame for Wells Fargo's mixed report as the nation's third-largest bank by assets is still struggling with the fallout over its sales scandal revealed last year. Citigroup easily topped Wall Street's estimates, reporting earnings of $1.35 on revenue of $18.12 billion. The beat was driven by strong growth in the bank's consumer and institutional businesses. Finally, JPMorgan reported earnings of $1.65 on revenue of $25.58 billion. The firm's trading revenue reached $6.52 billion, soaring past forecasts. Since the end of the financial crisis, JPMorgan has topped first-quarter earnings estimates 88 percent of the time, with 2014 the only earnings miss - excluding this morning's report. This is a great track record on paper, but in the short-term, it doesn't necessarily bode well for the stock. Using hedge fund analytics tool Kensho, CNBC ran a study to see how JPMorgan performs in the week following its first quarter results. Despite the high batting average for beats, JPMorgan has actually traded negatively 88 percent of the time in the following week, with an average loss of 1.43 percent—2016 logged the only positive return in that period. The Financial SPDR also tends to head lower in this period, trading negatively 63 percent of the time, with an average loss of 0.5 percent. Disclosure: NBCUniversal, the parent of CNBC, is a minority investor in Kensho. And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Profiting From the Stock Market’s Latest Fears As worries mount, long-term investors can use short-term options strategies to their advantage. By Steven M. Sears Biography Updated April 15, 2017 1:56 a.m. ET More people are Googling World War III than at any time since 2004. The concern is understandable. North Korea is rattling a potential nuclear saber. Russia is upset with the U.S., and the U.S. is upset with Russia, North Korea, and an evil man in Syria who gasses children. Europe’s political system is adrift. France might elect a far-right candidate. The new U.S. president, Donald Trump, has no history or experience in foreign or... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Tesla’s New Truck: Don’t Laugh, Says Analyst Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Schwab Selloff Makes for a Great Buying Opportunity Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 7 Stocks That Could Outpace the S&P 500 Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Alibaba Stock Can Reach $140, Says Analyst Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is Gold’s Comeback Real, Or Just Another Tease? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Building Your Portfolio Around a Solid Core 2 Goldman Stumbles in First-Quarter Earnings 3 Tax Day: Last-Minute Advice Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $368,000 Stake in AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Pioneer Energy Services Corp (PES) Position Decreased by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $99.517 Million Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Kovitz Investment Group Partners LLC Lowers Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Hilltop Holdings Inc. Has $2.37 Million Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Monro Muffler Brake’s (MNRO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Cut by Gratus Capital LLC National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) PT Set at $30.00 by BMO Capital Markets Legg Mason Inc (LM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Position in Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Genus plc (GNS) FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday AVX Co. (AVX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) Earns “Buy” Rating from FBR & Co Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Earns “Hold” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc (BW) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Kovitz Investment Group Partners LLC Lowers Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Kovitz Investment Group Partners LLC reduced its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 1.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 936,164 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 18,031 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. comprises approximately 4.7% of Kovitz Investment Group Partners LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 4th largest position. Kovitz Investment Group Partners LLC’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $80,782,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in JPM. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $125,000. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $144,000. Hemenway Trust Co LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $146,000. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 82.2% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 2,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mascoma Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $204,000. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 85.86 on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. The firm has a market capitalization of $305.04 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.22 and a beta of 1.49. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $89.01 and its 200-day moving average price is $82.36. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The business had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.35 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.62 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a dividend of $0.50 per share. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.33%. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Kovitz Investment Group Partners LLC Lowers Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/kovitz-investment-group-partners-llc-lowers-position-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the company. Nomura reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $83.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Monday. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods boosted their price target on JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $47.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday. Vetr raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $97.82 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Sandler O’Neill reissued a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $89.00 price target on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating, eighteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $79.03. In related news, CFO Marianne Lake sold 13,072 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.68, for a total transaction of $1,093,864.96. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 44,711 shares in the company, valued at $3,741,416.48. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $5,510,924.55. Following the sale, the insider now owns 237,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,868,780.22. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 100,469 shares of company stock valued at $8,406,372 over the last 90 days. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Downgrades General Electric Company (GE) to Hold Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ricoh Co Ltd (RICOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Chevron Co. (CVX) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Basic Energy Services, Inc. (BAS) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Maxim Group Analysts Give DelMar Pharmaceuticals Inc (DMPI) a $11.00 Price Target Digital Ally, Inc. (DGLY) Given a $9.00 Price Target at Westpark Capital Countrywide (CYWDF) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. DnB Nor ASA (DNHBY) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Dunelm Group Plc Unspon (DNLMY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research NVR, Inc. (NVR) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (WDR) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC GKN plc’s (GKN) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) Earns “Hold” Rating from Shore Capital Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Citigroup Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM)‘s stock had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in a report issued on Friday. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.89 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, December 19th. FBR & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. CLSA reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $79.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Saturday, December 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating, eighteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $79.03. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 85.86 on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. The stock has a market capitalization of $305.04 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.22 and a beta of 1.49. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $89.01 and its 200 day moving average is $82.36. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The firm’s revenue was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.35 EPS. Equities analysts predict that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.62 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a dividend of $0.50 per share. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.33%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-rating-reiterated-by-keefe-bruyette-woods.html. In related news, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $5,510,924.55. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 237,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,868,780.22. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Marianne Lake sold 13,072 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.68, for a total transaction of $1,093,864.96. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 44,711 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,741,416.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 100,469 shares of company stock valued at $8,406,372 in the last three months. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of JPM. Private Bank & Trust Co. boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 19.2% in the third quarter. Private Bank & Trust Co. now owns 67,675 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $4,506,000 after buying an additional 10,889 shares in the last quarter. Cohen Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.9% in the third quarter. Cohen Capital Management Inc. now owns 157,820 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $10,509,000 after buying an additional 1,445 shares in the last quarter. W.G. Shaheen & Associates DBA Whitney & Co boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 16.5% in the third quarter. W.G. Shaheen & Associates DBA Whitney & Co now owns 32,730 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,179,000 after buying an additional 4,646 shares in the last quarter. Private Trust Co. NA boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 7.1% in the third quarter. Private Trust Co. NA now owns 94,911 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $6,320,000 after buying an additional 6,289 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Union Bankshares Corp boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the third quarter. Union Bankshares Corp now owns 42,333 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,819,000 after buying an additional 242 shares in the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Higher Revenue Drives a Surge in Bank of America's Q1 Earnings The nation’s second biggest bank by assets turns in a solid first-quarter performance. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Apr 18, 2017 at 8:20PM Bank of America's (NYSE:BAC) first-quarter earnings, reported Tuesday, reaffirm that the nation's second biggest bank by assets is continuing to make progress in putting distance between itself and the financial crisis. For the three months ending March 31, Bank of America earned $4.3 billion, 44% more than the year-ago period. "Our approach to responsible growth delivered strong results again this quarter," said Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan in prepared remarks. "The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that." Bank of America Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan. Image source: Bank of America. Bank of America's earnings growth was powered by a $1.5 billion increase in its top line. The biggest contribution was from trading revenue, which came in at $3.9 billion, a 23% increase over the first quarter of 2016. The North Carolina-based bank wasn't alone in this regard, as JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup also reported double-digit increases in their quarterly trading revenue for the first three months of the year. These performances were less about the first quarter of this year and more about the beginning of last year. Turmoil in the capital markets at the time caused institutional investors to stay on the sidelines, depriving Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Citigroup of the revenue they'd otherwise earn making markets in fixed-income and equity securities. Higher interest rates also contributed to Bank of America's top-line growth. The bank estimated last year that a 25-basis-point increase in the fed funds rate would translate into an added $600 million worth of quarterly net interest income. That's almost exactly what we saw. The Federal Reserve raised rates in December, leading to $573 million worth of additional net interest income for Bank of America. Data source: Bank of America. Chart by author. And things should only improve from here. Bank of America is one of the most asset-sensitive banks in its peer group, meaning that higher rates will have a more potent impact on its revenue than other banks. On top of this, the Fed raised rates again in March, which should further boost Bank of America's net interest income in the quarters ahead. Bank of America benefited as well from lower loan loss provisions -- money set aside in anticipation of future loan losses. In the first quarter of last year, banks ratcheted up their provisions, as cratering energy prices were causing an uptick in defaults among oil and gas companies. This is less of a concern because oil prices have since doubled, enabling Bank of America to reduce its first-quarter provision expense by $162 million. The one aspect of Bank of America's earnings that went against expectations was a slight increase in operating expenses. This was mostly due to higher compensation expenses. This is a surprise given that Bank of America committed last year to reducing annual expenses by an additional $3 billion by the end of 2018. This is obviously only one quarter out of a dozen, but the trend is certainly in the wrong direction. Expenses aside, there was a lot to like in Bank of America's first-quarter performance. Most importantly, its return on tangible common equity came in at 10.3%. That's less than the bank's 12% target, but it nevertheless represents a meaningful improvement from 7.3% a year ago. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Apr 18, 2017 at 8:20PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.71 down $0.10 (-0.44%) Read More The Staggering Cost of a Quarter-Point Interest-Rate Hike An Important Insight About Bank of America Why Bank of America Shares Are Down 5% Today Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Bank of America Stock? Bank of America's CEO Just Answered an Important Riddle for Shareholders Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Higher Revenue Drives a Surge in Bank of America's Q1 Earnings @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Tue Apr 18, 2017 | 11:20pm IST In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading By Olivia Oran and Sruthi Shankar Goldman Sachs Group Inc fell short of earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in quarterly trading revenue, prompting analysts to demand explanations for underperformance in an area where the bank usually outshines rivals. Newly appointed finance chief R. Martin Chavez said Goldman's clients traded less with the bank because markets were calmer and because it does not lend as much as competitors. Banks with bigger balance sheets, like JPMorgan Chase & Co, tend to profit not only from financing corporations but from capturing hedging and other markets-related business as well. "We underperformed this quarter," he said on a conference call with analysts. Analysts seemed unsatisfied with explanations from Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz. They were unusually tough during a Q&A session, with all but one of six pressing management about trading results, especially in fixed income. Goldman's 2 percent decline in trading revenue came in sharp contrast to results from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp, which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. Credit Suisse analyst Christian Bolu said Goldman investors were showing some "nervousness" about the strength of the business, and UBS's Brennan Hawken chastised the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been "kind of easy." "I'm not fully - I'm still confused," said Hawken, adding, "I have some company." Goldman's shares tumbled 4.8 percent to $215.44. During the first quarter the CBOE Volatility Index reached its lowest level since before financial crisis. Oil prices were also trading at years-low volatility levels. That lack of volatility meant its investor clients, many of them hedge funds, were trading less. Goldman's unusually large exposure to commodities trading also hurt its fixed income business. In the best of times, Goldman generated more than $6 billion in quarterly revenue from fixed-income trading. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what U.S. banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades. Goldman's profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of $5.15 versus $2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of $5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman's profit rose 80 percent to $2.2 billion from $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about U.S. interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 percent to $8 billion from $6.3 billion. The bank's expenses rose just 15 percent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 percent in the first quarter, down from 42 percent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 percent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman's chief rival Morgan Stanley will report on Wednesday. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru and Olivia Oran in New York; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Meredith Mazzilli) A view of the Goldman Sachs stall on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York, U.S., July 16, 2013. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/Files Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Farm loan write-offs win votes in India, but may hurt economy MUMBAI/NEW DELHI India risks straining public finances and undermining already ailing state banks, economists said, after a $5.6 billion loan write-off for farmers in Uttar Pradesh and moves to do something similar in at least four other states. Sterling gets market's vote, stocks cold-shouldered SYDNEY Sterling stole centre stage in Asia on Wednesday amid speculation Britain's surprise decision to call a snap election could ultimately deliver a more market-friendly outcome in its divorce from the European Union. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Farm loan write-offs win votes in India, but may hurt economy Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan to Sell $6.9 Billion of Student Loans to Navient by David Scheer More stories by David Scheer April 18, 2017, 4:33 PM EDT April 18, 2017, 7:04 PM EDT Navient plans to move the debt to its servicing platform Bank said in 2013 it was pulling back from lending to students JPMorgan Chase & Co. agreed to sell a $6.9 billion portfolio of student loans to Navient Corp., five days after the bank told shareholders it was looking to unload the holdings. JPMorgan, which announced in 2013 that it would no longer make student loans, said April 13 that it booked a writedown on those debts as it explores options for their disposal. The sale includes about $3.7 billion in federally guaranteed student loans, less than half of which are securitized, and about $3.2 billion in whole private education loans, Navient said Tuesday in a statement. It didn’t specify terms.  The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up U.S. authorities have estimated that about one in four of the nation’s roughly 44 million student debtors are either in default or struggling to stay current -- setting up a potential cascade of borrowers seeking forbearance or forgiveness on debt often backed by the government. Loan servicers such as Navient are the conduit between students and lenders, putting them into a position to help navigate aspects of repayment that can be confusing to borrowers. “We welcome our new customers, and we commit to delivering best-in-class support to ensure a seamless transition,” Navient Chief Executive Officer Jack Remondi said in the statement. “We will provide ongoing assistance to help our new customers continue to successfully manage their education loans.” Navient, the largest servicer of student loans in the U.S., expects to complete the acquisition in stages this quarter and eventually move the loans to its servicing platforms. The deal will probably be accretive to earnings this year, the Wilmington, Delaware-based company said. The company, formerly part of Sallie Mae, is locked in a legal battle with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau over allegations that the firm “systematically” cheated student debtors by taking shortcuts to minimize its own costs. Navient has disputed the regulator’s lawsuit filed in a Pennsylvania federal court, and has argued that the agency itself is unconstitutional. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone’s 10th Anniversary This Man Is Spending Millions to Break Elon Musk's Trump Ties Facebook Gives Staff Green Light to Join May 1 Political Protests At Kushners' Manhattan Tower, Debt Payments and Losses Increase May Chases an Early U.K. Election in Gamble for Brexit Unity Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 2 small firms are going to make a killing on a $6.1 billion deal Raul Hernandez Apr. 18, 2017, 6:26 PM 4,257 facebook linkedin twitter email print Lucas Jackson/Reuters Two of the usual suspects played a role in setting up Cardinal Health’s $6.1 billion acquisition of Medtronic’s medical supplies business. But two smaller firms also got in on the action. Goldman Sachs and Perella Weinberg are advising Cardinal Health on the deal, while Piper Jaffray and JPMorgan are working for Medtronic.  Advisory fees for Goldman Sachs and Perella Weinberg could total up to $30 million, while JPMorgan and Piper Jaffray could make up to $35 million, according to consultant Freeman & Co. Perella Weinberg and Piper Jaffray have both closed major deals over the last few years, with Perella in the past working for Medtronic.  The firm, which was founded in 2006, advised Medtronic on its $42.9 billion takeover of Covidien in 2014. More recently was a part of AT&T’s $84.5 billion acquisition of Time Warner. Piper Jaffray reported strong growth in 2016 revenues from advisory services, with $304.7 million in adjusted revenues, up from $209.2 million. The firm said:  Mergers and acquisition activity levels were strong in our advisory services business in 2016, and we believe this business will continue to perform well in 2017 on the strength of our market position, recent investments, and sustained CEO confidence levels. The healthcare sector has been one of the busiest for investment banking activity through 2017 so far, ranking behind technology, financial institutions and energy and natural resources, according to Dealogic. Dealogic SEE ALSO: Cardinal Health is buying Medtronic's medical supplies businesses for $6.1 billion NOW WATCH: Here's the surprising reason highways have those concrete walls alongside them Loading video... More: Merger and Acquisitions Finance Markets facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 2 small firms are going to make a killing on a $6.1 billion deal 2 small firms are going to make a killing on a $6.1 billion deal Two of the usual suspects played a role in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Companies, Markets In Rare Fumble, Goldman Stuns Wall Street With Weak Trading Companies, Markets In Rare Fumble, Goldman Stuns Wall Street With Weak Trading By Reuters | April 18, 2017 AT 6:28 PM Last Updated: April 18, 2017 6:29 pm A sign is displayed in the reception of the Sydney offices of Goldman Sachs in Australia, May 18, 2016. (REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo) (Reuters)—Goldman Sachs Group Inc. fell short of earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in quarterly trading revenue, prompting analysts to demand explanations for underperformance in an area where the bank usually outshines rivals. Newly appointed finance chief R. Martin Chavez said Goldman’s clients traded less with the bank because markets were calmer and because it does not lend as much as competitors. Banks with bigger balance sheets, like JPMorgan Chase & Co., tend to profit not only from financing corporations but from capturing hedging and other markets-related business as well. “We underperformed this quarter,” he said on a conference call with analysts. Analysts seemed unsatisfied with explanations from Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz. They were unusually tough during a Q&A session, with all but one of six pressing management about trading results, especially in fixed income. Goldman’s 2 percent decline in trading revenue came in sharp contrast to results from JPMorgan Chase & Co., Citigroup Inc., and Bank of America Corp., which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. Credit Suisse analyst Christian Bolu said Goldman investors were showing some “nervousness” about the strength of the business, and UBS’s Brennan Hawken chastised the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been “kind of easy.” “I’m not fully—I’m still confused,” said Hawken, adding, “I have some company.” Goldman’s shares tumbled 4.8 percent to $215.44. During the first quarter the CBOE Volatility Index reached its lowest level since before financial crisis. Oil prices were also trading at years-low volatility levels. That lack of volatility meant its investor clients, many of them hedge funds, were trading less. Goldman’s unusually large exposure to commodities trading also hurt its fixed income business. In the best of times, Goldman generated more than $6 billion in quarterly revenue from fixed-income trading. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what U.S. banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades. Goldman’s profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of $5.15 versus $2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of $5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman’s profit rose 80 percent to $2.2 billion from $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about U.S. interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 percent to $8 billion from $6.3 billion. The bank’s expenses rose just 15 percent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 percent in the first quarter, down from 42 percent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 percent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman’s chief rival Morgan Stanley will report on Wednesday. Editor’s Picks The Epoch Times Awarded for Its Journalism, Design Loose Regulations Fuel the Rise of Loan Sharks Somewheres Versus Anywheres Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in CompaniesBlackstone to Buy EagleClaw Midstream for About $2 BillionWall Street Journal: Kushner in Talks to Sell Stake in Tech FirmTesla Becomes Most Valuable US Car Maker, Edges out GMTrump Pledges to Untether America From Regulations Latest in Business Companies Blackstone to Buy EagleClaw Midstream for About $2 Billion Companies Wall Street Journal: Kushner in Talks to Sell Stake in Tech Firm Economies Steve Keen: “Can We Avoid Another Financial Crisis?” Markets Loose Regulations Fuel the Rise of Loan Sharks Canada Bank of Canada Anticipates Toronto Housing Market Cooling Companies Tesla Becomes Most Valuable US Car Maker, Edges out GM Advice What’s Your STAR Purpose? Facebook Marketing Genius Ben Simkin Markets Oil Near One-Month High After US Missile Strike in Syria Companies Trump Pledges to Untether America From Regulations × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third | Global Custodian
 ABOUT US CONTACT US MAGAZINE NEWSLETTERS LOG-IN Home News Custody Securities finance Fund Administration Market Infrastructure Technology People Moves Regions Americas Asia Europe Middle-East and Africa FinTechQ Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends Research Reports LOG-IN MENU News Custody Securities finance Fund Administration Market Infrastructure Technology People Moves Regions Prime Brokerage Regulation MTF/Exchanges Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends Thought Leadership ABOUT US About Us Contact Us Subscription Services Media Kit FinTechQ Media Pack Reprints & Permissions Cookie Policy Warning: JavaScript is disabled in your browser. please note that you must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the full functionality of this website. Home  >   News  >   Technology  >   JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third TECHNOLOGY JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third JP Morgan’s CIB chief Daniel Pinto plans to increase its custody technology spend following its $1 trillion BlackRock mandate. By Joe Parsons joe.parsons@strategic-i.com April 05, 2017 11:33 AM GMT JP Morgan plans to increase spending for technology within its Custody and Fund Services (CFS) business by 30%, according to corporate and investment banking chief Daniel Pinto. In the bank’s 2016 annual report to shareholders, Pinto outlined how it plans to increase its technology budget by 30% in comparison to 2014, while driving down operating expenses by 12%. Pinto, who oversees JP Morgan’s custody business as well as its global markets unit, plans to enhance its technology capabilities following its landmark $1.3 trillion custody deal with BlackRock. “Our commitment to technology and delivery of innovative solutions were also important factors behind BlackRock’s decision to award us a CFS mandate,” said Pinto. “Using technology-driven solutions, CFS is enhancing its stability and enabling the business to grow in a more scalable way.” As of the end of 2016, JP Morgan saw increased business with existing custody clients by 10%, serving around 2,500 clients with $20 trillion in assets under custody. JP Morgan has also spent considerable amounts in technology products for its Global Markets and Treasury Services businesses, with the latter set to increase its technology budget by 12% for 2017. Recently, Pinto said the bank saw a $100 million currency trade executed with a mobile phone. “The electronic evolution is advancing, and the investments we’ve made, and will continue to make, already are proving their merit to our clients,” he added. Tagged: JP Morgan , Technology , Daniel Pinto related articles most popular most e-mailed FROM GLOBALCUSTODIAN.COM Technology Major firms deploy blockchain for corporate action boost Technology FCA contemplates blockchain regulation Technology DTCC to create ‘golden copy’ for CDS with blockchain Technology Most firms fear losing revenue to FinTech start-ups Technology Major industry players target collateral lending using R3 Technology JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third FROM THE GC TV Tim Gokey on industry transformation FROM GLOBALCUSTODIAN.COM Custody UK regulator targets custody industry reforms Custody JP Morgan sees 4% securities services increase in Q1 People Moves BNP Paribas US sec lending head departs Features FCA’s approach to MiFID II hindering UK asset managers, says expert Technology Major firms deploy blockchain for corporate action boost Technology JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third FROM THE GC TV Tim Gokey on industry transformation FROM GLOBALCUSTODIAN.COM Market Infrastructure The new era of protectionism? Magazine Diana Chan CEO of DTCC-owned EuroCCP Magazine The new guise of the Middle East Magazine India: Not just T+2 Magazine Planners and rent-seekers Magazine The red herring of 2+20 FROM THE GC TV Tim Gokey on industry transformation Get GLOBAL CUSTODIAN Email Alerts Trending Most Read Most E-mailed CustodyUK regulator targets custody industry reforms People MovesBNP Paribas US sec lending head departs FeaturesFCA’s approach to MiFID II hindering UK asset managers, says expert TechnologyMajor firms deploy blockchain for corporate action boost TechnologyJP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third CustodyTop 10 trends for 2016 A bubbling Brazilian brew Diana Chan CEO of DTCC-owned EuroCCP The new guise of the Middle East India: Not just T+2 Planners and rent-seekers Upcoming Events MORE EVENTS > Global Custodian Leaders in Custody Awards DinnerMarch 16, 2017 / The Savoy, London MOST WATCHED INTERVIEW MORE INTERVIEWS > Tim Gokey on industry transformation Global Custodian talks to Broadridge COO Tim Gokey about how technology and business models are enabling change.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Sponsored Content GLOBAL CUSTODIAN News Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends Newsletters Breaking News Alerts ABOUT GLOBAL CUSTODIAN About Us Contact Us Subscription Services Media Kit FinTechQ Media Pack Reprints & Permissions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ADVERTISE WITH GLOBAL CUSTODIAN GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT Latest Issue Winter 2016 get access to Global Custodian everywhere GLOBALCUSTODIAN.com is optimized for Subscribe to the print edition Looking for Subscriber Services? GET FULL ACCESS WEB ACCESS GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT GLOBAL CUSTODIAN News Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends ABOUT US About Us Contact Us Subscription Services Media Kit FinTechQ Media Pack Reprints & Permissions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT BrightScope CIO FWW Global Custodian Investor Economics LiquidMetrix Market Metrics Matrix Solutions PLANADVISER Plan For Life PLANSPONSOR Simfund The Trade Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rotork plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) SunCoke Energy Partners (SXCP) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.08 First Financial Corp (THFF) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Triangle Capital (TCAP) Share Price BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Xylem Inc (XYL) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Teck Resources Ltd (TCK.B) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Affinity Wealth Management Buys Shares of 7,626 Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Portland Global Advisors LLC Cuts Position in Ambev SA (ABEV) Global Payments Inc (GPN) Position Maintained by Affinity Wealth Management Portland Global Advisors LLC Has $1.87 Million Position in ABB Ltd (ABB) Affinity Wealth Management Purchases New Position in Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Shares Bought by Affinity Wealth Management Affinity Wealth Management Buys New Stake in Fortis Inc. (FTS) Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Has $3.992 Million Position in Hershey Co (HSY) Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Novartis AG (NVS) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.62 Per Share Catchmark Timber Trust Inc (CTT) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.08 Per Share Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Rotork p.l.c. (LON: ROR) recently: 4/18/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 4/6/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its price target raised by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 225 ($2.83) to GBX 250 ($3.15). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 4/5/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its price target lowered by analysts at Peel Hunt from GBX 285 ($3.59) to GBX 265 ($3.34). They now have an “add” rating on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “overweight” rating. They now have a GBX 265 ($3.34) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 230 ($2.89). 4/4/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 250 ($3.15) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 250 ($3.15) price target on the stock. 2/28/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its price target lowered by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from GBX 275 ($3.46) to GBX 260 ($3.27). They now have a “sector performer” rating on the stock. 2/28/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 230 ($2.89) price target on the stock. 2/28/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 280 ($3.52) price target on the stock. 2/28/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 260 ($3.27) price target on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR) traded down 2.51% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 248.80. 2,128,935 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.16 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 252.48 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 239.59. Rotork p.l.c. has a 52 week low of GBX 167.78 and a 52 week high of GBX 269.40. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of GBX 3.15 ($0.04) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This is a positive change from Rotork p.l.c.’s previous dividend of $1.95. This represents a yield of 1.28%. In other Rotork p.l.c. news, insider Stephen Rhys Jones sold 4,821 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 247 ($3.11), for a total transaction of £11,907.87 ($14,987.88). Rotork plc is a United Kingdom-based company engaged in the design and manufacture of actuators, which are used for the automation of industrial valves, and flow control products. The Company operates through four segments: Controls, Fluid Systems, Gears and Instruments. The Controls segment is engaged in the design, sale and manufacture of electric actuators. Receive News & Ratings for Rotork plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS Goldman Sachs Stumbles with Big Trading Miss AFP by John Carney18 Apr 20170 18 Apr, 2017 18 Apr, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Goldman Sachs first-quarter trading results fell far short of Wall Street’s expectations even as rivals reported a strong quarter. Investors had expected a strong quarter for Goldman, regarded by many on the street as the most nimble trading shop. After rivals Citigroup and J.P. Morgan Chase reported huge year-over-year increases in trading revenue–boosted by strength in their fixed-income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading units–expectations for Goldman rose even higher. Instead of showing improvement, however, Goldman reported a 2.4 percent decline in trading revenue. Equities trading revenue fell 6 percent from a year earlier. FICC trading was flat compared with a year earlier. “We didn’t navigate the market well,” said Goldman Sachs financial chief Martin Chavez. Goldman’s failure to grow FICC revenue came as something of a shock to Wall Street. The first quarter of last year was regarded as a particularly tough one for the FICC trading business, with many firms reporting disappointing earnings. That made for what Wall Street calls an “easy comp”–a number that’s easily improved upon because the earlier figure was so low.  What’s more, FICC is supposed to be Goldman’s strong suit. Goldman said its trading results were hurt by markets that were too calm in the quarter, which limited the opportunities for its clients to invest aggressively. That’s a reflection of Goldman’s hedge-fund heavy client base. Banks like J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup have a bigger staple of corporate and asset manager clients. Goldman’s disappointing earnings were so unexpected that some on Wall Street wondered–half in jest, at least–if this was some sort of ingenious plot on the firm.  Maybe Goldman didn’t want to do too well for fear of creating the appearance of impropriety, given the prominent role Goldman alums like Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council director Gary Cohn have in the White House. Like most conspiracy theories predicated on omniscience and omnipotence of Wall Street firms, however, this is bunk. Goldman stumbled because its client didn’t generate enough business to meet Wall Street’s expectations. Adding insult to injury, Bank of America reported a 29 percent jump in fixed-income trading revenue, with overall trading revenue rising 23 percent. Goldman’s profits for the quarter were $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share. That’s an improvement over the prior year, when Goldman reported a paltry $2.68 per share profits. But it is far short of the $5.31 per share analysts had forecast. Read More Stories About: Big Government, Economics, Citigroup, FICC, Fixed Income, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan Chase., Trading, wall street Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter MOST POPULAR Suspect Shoots Three Dead In Fresno, Yells ‘Allahu Akbar’ When Tackled by Police0 comments - 9 hours ago Report: Murdoch Family Considering Taking Bill O’Reilly Off Fox News0 comments - 6 hours ago Exclusive–Sarah Palin Shreds Liz Warren for Ripping Off Her ‘Fight Like a Girl’ Quote0 comments - 4 hours ago Photo Finish in Georgia Special Election: Democrat Falls Short, Runoff with GOP Candidate0 comments - 1 hour ago Donald Trump Celebrates ‘America First’ Executive Order in Wisconsin0 comments - 11 hours ago Chelsea Clinton ‘Deeply Saddened’ by Sexism in America: ‘We Can’t Take Progress for Granted’0 comments - 17 hours ago EXCLUSIVE: Officials Defy Trump’s Promises: 40 Miles of Border Ordered Unpatrolled0 comments - 19 hours ago 1 Killed, 2 Hurt in Shooting in Fresno, California0 comments - 10 hours ago Ex-Wife Comforts Dying Oregon Man Telling Him Trump Has Been Impeached0 comments - 8 hours ago Tax Day Justice: DOJ Investigation of Lois Lerner Called for by Ways and Means Chairman0 comments - 15 hours ago Call Out Crazy Martin Durkin Gun Control Empowers Evil People FROM THE HOMEPAGE Photo Finish in Georgia Special Election: Democrat Falls Short, Runoff with GOP Candidate0 Comments Suspect Shoots Three Dead In Fresno, Yells ‘Allahu Akbar’ When Tackled by Police0 Comments Establishment Media Hides Trump’s New Policy to Stop ‘Genital Mutilation’ of American Girls0 Comments Exclusive–Sarah Palin Shreds Liz Warren for Ripping Off Her ‘Fight Like a Girl’ Quote0 Comments Report: Murdoch Family Considering Taking Bill O’Reilly Off Fox News0 Comments 7 Revelations from ‘Shattered’: New Book Detailing Hillary Clinton’s Failed Campaign0 Comments Breitbart News Daily: Georgia Bellwether0 Comments First Illegal Alien ‘DREAMer’ Sent Back to Native Mexico Under Trump0 Comments Ivanka’s Business Booming: Chinese Gov’t Approves Three Trademarks for First Daughter’s Company0 Comments Courrielche: Same Hollywood Writers Who Pushed Obamacare May Strike over Failing Health Plans0 Comments Behar: Trump’s Limited Vocabulary ‘Appeals to People Who Are Afraid of Things’0 Comments Delingpole: Donald Trump Is Turning into David Cameron. This Is Bad.0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip advertisement Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Volkswagen Q1 operating profit jumps thanks to VW brand Business Standard In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading Reuters  April 18, 2017 Last Updated at 20:01 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV0BPL ALSO READ Goldman Sachs quarterly profit surges 80 percent Goldman Sachs misses estimates on weak trading, shares drop Goldman Sachs profit misses estimates on trading weakness Trump puts Goldman Sachs in spotlight, for better or worse Goldman Sachs CEO says bank does not support Trump travel ban By Olivia Oran and Sruthi Shankar REUTERS - In a rare fumble for what is usually a market-savvy Wall Street bank, Goldman Sachs Group Inc missed earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in trading revenue even as its rivals reported major trading gains. Goldman, the fifth-largest U.S. bank by assets, blamed weakness in commodities, currencies, and credit revenue, as well as lower commissions and fees from equities trading. But the results came in sharp contrast to those from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp, which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. On a conference call with analysts, Goldman's newly appointed finance chief, R. Martin Chavez, said that while markets improved during the quarter, a lack of volatility meant clients were trading less. As an example, he said volatility in crude oil prices is at its lowest level in two years. On the call, analysts were unusually tough on management. They pressed Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz about the trading results, with one saying Goldman investors were showing some "nervousness" about the strength of the business, and another chastising the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been "kind of easy." Goldman's shares tumbled 3.6 percent to $218.01 in early trading. Trading revenue, which is Goldman's biggest contributor to total revenue, dropped 2 percent to $3.4 billion in the first quarter. Equities trading revenue fell 6 percent while fixed income trading was flat, though analysts were more disappointed in that business relative to their expectations. KBW analyst Brian Kleinhanzl said it was "up to management to explain" what went wrong. In the best of times, Goldman generated more than $6 billion in quarterly fixed-income trading revenue. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what U.S. banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades Goldman's profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of $5.15 versus $2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of $5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman's profit rose 80 percent to $2.2 billion from $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about U.S. interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 percent to $8 billion from $6.3 billion. The bank's expenses rose just 15 percent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 percent in the first quarter, down from 42 percent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 percent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman's chief rival Morgan Stanley will report on Wednesday. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru and Olivia Oran in New York; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Meredith Mazzilli) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Goldman | Sachs | Results | Wall Street | Goldman Sachs | Bank | Revenue | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading REUTERS - In a rare fumble for what is usually a market-savvy Wall Street bank, Goldman Sachs Group Inc missed earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in trading revenue even as its rivals reported major trading gains. By Olivia Oran and Sruthi Shankar REUTERS - In a rare fumble for what is usually a market-savvy Wall Street bank, Goldman Sachs Group Inc missed earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in trading revenue even as its rivals reported major trading gains. Goldman, the fifth-largest U.S. bank by assets, blamed weakness in commodities, currencies, and credit revenue, as well as lower commissions and fees from equities trading. But the results came in sharp contrast to those from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp, which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. On a conference call with analysts, Goldman's newly appointed finance chief, R. Martin Chavez, said that while markets improved during the quarter, a lack of volatility meant clients were trading less. As an example, he said volatility in crude oil prices is at its lowest level in two years. On the call, analysts were unusually tough on management. They pressed Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz about the trading results, with one saying Goldman investors were showing some "nervousness" about the strength of the business, and another chastising the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been "kind of easy." Goldman's shares tumbled 3.6 percent to $218.01 in early trading. Trading revenue, which is Goldman's biggest contributor to total revenue, dropped 2 percent to $3.4 billion in the first quarter. Equities trading revenue fell 6 percent while fixed income trading was flat, though analysts were more disappointed in that business relative to their expectations. KBW analyst Brian Kleinhanzl said it was "up to management to explain" what went wrong. In the best of times, Goldman generated more than $6 billion in quarterly fixed-income trading revenue. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what U.S. banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades Goldman's profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of $5.15 versus $2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of $5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman's profit rose 80 percent to $2.2 billion from $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about U.S. interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 percent to $8 billion from $6.3 billion. The bank's expenses rose just 15 percent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 percent in the first quarter, down from 42 percent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 percent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman's chief rival Morgan Stanley will report on Wednesday. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru and Olivia Oran in New York; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Meredith Mazzilli) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading By Olivia Oran and Sruthi Shankar REUTERS - In a rare fumble for what is usually a market-savvy Wall Street bank, Goldman Sachs Group Inc missed earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in trading revenue even as its rivals reported major trading gains. Goldman, the fifth-largest U.S. bank by assets, blamed weakness in commodities, currencies, and credit revenue, as well as lower commissions and fees from equities trading. But the results came in sharp contrast to those from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp, which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. On a conference call with analysts, Goldman's newly appointed finance chief, R. Martin Chavez, said that while markets improved during the quarter, a lack of volatility meant clients were trading less. As an example, he said volatility in crude oil prices is at its lowest level in two years. On the call, analysts were unusually tough on management. They pressed Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz about the trading results, with one saying Goldman investors were showing some "nervousness" about the strength of the business, and another chastising the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been "kind of easy." Goldman's shares tumbled 3.6 percent to $218.01 in early trading. Trading revenue, which is Goldman's biggest contributor to total revenue, dropped 2 percent to $3.4 billion in the first quarter. Equities trading revenue fell 6 percent while fixed income trading was flat, though analysts were more disappointed in that business relative to their expectations. KBW analyst Brian Kleinhanzl said it was "up to management to explain" what went wrong. In the best of times, Goldman generated more than $6 billion in quarterly fixed-income trading revenue. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what U.S. banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades Goldman's profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of $5.15 versus $2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of $5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman's profit rose 80 percent to $2.2 billion from $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about U.S. interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 percent to $8 billion from $6.3 billion. The bank's expenses rose just 15 percent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 percent in the first quarter, down from 42 percent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 percent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman's chief rival Morgan Stanley will report on Wednesday. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru and Olivia Oran in New York; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Meredith Mazzilli) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Jamie Dimon teases analysts with joke about taking a Trump post on conference call CNBC @CNBCPublished now CNBC @CNBCPublished now                                                                               JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon was in a good mood on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase 's strong first-quarter numbers put CEO Jamie Dimon in a good mood on Thursday. But the air almost went out of the room on the bank's earnings conference call when the CEO, whose overseen a double in JPMorgan's stock price over the last five years, joked about joining the Trump administration. When asked by Wells Fargo analyst Matthew Burnell during a conference call about the number of open positions inside the White House, specifically those relevant to regulating banks, Dimon interrupted: "I said I'm not interested." Dimon's name was thrown around for a White House position, including Treasury secretary, following President Donald Trump 's presidential victory. "I'm kidding," Dimon added. The Trump administration has struggled to fill a number of key positions, including Labor secretary. Andrew Puzder, Trump's first nominee for the post, withdrew from consideration in late January. Current nominee Alexander Acosta's vote was still pending as of Thursday. But Dimon didn't sound worried at all, reiterating his faith in Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and Trump Chief Economic Adviser Gary Cohn, both Goldman Sachs alums. "They want to find the right people for those jobs," Dimon said. "I gather they are talking to lots of people. But even after they announced it, remember they need to be vetted and confirmed, and that ... can take 90 days. So the sooner the better, but I think getting the right people is equally important." Dimon did get serious at one point during the call, saying current regulations are crippling many consumers' ability to achieve the American dream and take out a mortgage, a problem he thinks needs addressing. "I could care less [if] banks, the nonbanks do it," he said. "My point about that was how it's hurting the growth of America." Watch: Dimon talks about JPM's performance And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets April 19 2017 - 1:34AM Save Print Goldman's trading miss stuns Wall Street facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Goldman Sachs fell short of earnings expectations due to a drop in quarterly trading revenue, prompting analysts to demand explanations for underperformance in an area where the bank usually outshines rivals. Newly appointed finance chief R. Martin Chavez said Goldman's clients traded less with the bank because markets were calmer and because it does not lend as much as competitors. Banks with bigger balance sheets, like JPMorgan Chase & Co, tend to profit not only from financing corporations but from capturing hedging and other markets-related business as well. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Goldman's 2 per cent decline in trading revenue came in sharp contrast to results from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup and Bank of America. Photo: Victor J. Blue "We underperformed this quarter," he said on a conference call with analysts. Analysts seemed unsatisfied with explanations from Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz. They were unusually tough during a Q&A session, with all but one of six pressing management about trading results, especially in fixed income. Goldman's 2 per cent decline in trading revenue came in sharp contrast to results from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup and Bank of America, which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. Credit Suisse analyst Christian Bolu said Goldman investors were showing some "nervousness" about the strength of the business, and UBS's Brennan Hawken chastised the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been "kind of easy". Advertisement "I'm not fully - I'm still confused," said Hawken, adding, "I have some company." Goldman's shares tumbled 5.3 per cent to $US214.47 in afternoon trade in New York. During the first quarter the CBOE Volatility Index reached its lowest level since before financial crisis. Oil prices were also trading at years-low volatility levels. That lack of volatility meant its investor clients, many of them hedge funds, were trading less. Goldman's unusually large exposure to commodities trading also hurt its fixed income business. In the best of times, Goldman generated more than $US6 billion in quarterly revenue from fixed-income trading. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what US banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades. Goldman's profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of $US5.15 versus $US2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of $US5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman's profit rose 80 per cent to $US2.2 billion from $US1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about US interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 per cent to $US8 billion from $US6.3 billion. The bank's expenses rose just 15 per cent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 per cent in the first quarter, down from 42 per cent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 per cent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman's chief rival Morgan Stanley will report on Wednesday. Advertisement HuffPost Australia What You Need To Know About The 457 ... Contains: External link Are Businesses Taking 'Collaborative' ... Contains: External link Most Popular No 'red tape nightmare' plea on 457 visa changes 'Grind to a halt': Tech industry alarmed over 457 visa changes The Australian fashion brands that are silent on sweatshops Family still wait for answers a year after son's death 'This thing's gonna blow': Top economists' interest rate warning Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business No 'red tape nightmare' plea on 457 visa changes 'This thing's gonna blow': Top economists' interest rate warning TPG savaged in $1b sell-off after mobile network plans revealed Worst of old 457 visa system will carry over into the new Four more Legoland centres planned for Australia WA Today Esperance shark attack victim identified as Laeticia Brouwer No 'red tape nightmare' plea on 457 visa changes Popular Netflix series slammed for graphic suicide scene WA Police criticise signs warning motorists of upcoming speed cameras 'I'm in a rush to get the kids Nandos.' Latest excuse from a WA driver The Sydney Morning Herald The sad reason why many mothers take selfies with their kids No 'red tape nightmare' plea on 457 visa changes US 'armada' a long way from North Korea Malcolm Turnbull to abolish 457 immigration work visas Popular Netflix series slammed for graphic suicide scene The Age No 'red tape nightmare' plea on 457 visa changes RBA flags 'drastic action' to curb 'dangerously dumb' house prices Mother jailed after running down daughter's rival with car Troubled times for big Victorian clubs Popular Netflix series slammed for graphic suicide scene Brisbane Times No 'red tape nightmare' plea on 457 visa changes Meet the couple who bought their house with cash Popular Netflix series slammed for graphic suicide scene The bionics man Turnbull enters panic room amid populist onslaught Canberra Times Public servants given scripts for 'BBQ conversations' ANU puts hammer on The Gods Woman dies, children hospitalised after Hume Highway crash APS depts must justify Canberra presence or leave: government Defence boss Richardson resigns WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glencore PLC (GLEN) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Insider Buying: Aspen Aerogels Inc (ASPN) Director Buys $21,604.00 in Stock BNK Petroleum Inc. (BKX) Director Acquires C$25,000.00 in Stock Shaun Linwood Priest Purchases 21,000 Shares of Streamline Health Solutions Inc. (STRM) Stock Monsanto Company (MON) Stake Decreased by Oliver Luxxe Assets LLC Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Stake Cut by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Addison Capital Co Has $1.906 Million Stake in Monsanto Company (MON) Pinnacle Bank Takes Position in Praxair, Inc. (PX) Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Stake Cut by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Cullinan Associates Inc. Decreases Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Oliver Luxxe Assets LLC Buys Shares of 12,303 Allergan plc (AGN) Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Stake Increased by CGOV Asset Management FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Metro Ag (MEO3) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research CV Holdings (CBF) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Cathay General Bancorp (CATY) Stock Price CASI Pharmaceuticals (CASI) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings (CCO) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Cadiz (CDZI) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29 Glencore PLC (GLEN) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Glencore PLC (LON: GLEN): 4/18/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 380 ($4.78) price target on the stock. 4/3/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 380 ($4.78) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Glencore PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 400 ($5.03) to GBX 410 ($5.16). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 3/29/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 405 ($5.10) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a GBX 340 ($4.28) price target on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 390 ($4.91) price target on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 405 ($5.10) price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Glencore PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 315 ($3.96) to GBX 355 ($4.47). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Glencore PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from GBX 410 ($5.16) to GBX 450 ($5.66). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 3/15/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a GBX 435 ($5.48) price target on the stock. 3/15/2017 – Glencore PLC was upgraded by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc to a “buy” rating. They now have a GBX 390 ($4.91) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 370 ($4.66). 3/14/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 285 ($3.59) price target on the stock. 3/14/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 330 ($4.15) price target on the stock. 3/7/2017 – Glencore PLC was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to a “neutral” rating. They now have a GBX 330 ($4.15) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 260 ($3.27). 3/6/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Societe Generale. 3/3/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 400 ($5.03) price target on the stock. 3/1/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 390 ($4.91) price target on the stock. 2/28/2017 – Glencore PLC was given a new GBX 405 ($5.10) price target on by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/24/2017 – Glencore PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 380 ($4.78) to GBX 400 ($5.03). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 2/24/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 380 ($4.78) price target on the stock. 2/24/2017 – Glencore PLC had its “underweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 260 ($3.27) price target on the stock. 2/23/2017 – Glencore PLC was given a new GBX 410 ($5.16) price target on by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. Shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) traded down 5.58% on Tuesday, reaching GBX 291.80. 78,149,163 shares of the company traded hands. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 41.58 billion. Glencore PLC has a one year low of GBX 124.55 and a one year high of GBX 347.00. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 321.49 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 290.52. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, September 7th will be given a dividend of €0.04 ($0.04) per share. This represents a yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. Glencore plc is an integrated producer and marketer of commodities, such as metals and minerals, energy products, agricultural products and Corporate and other. The Metals and minerals segment is engaged in copper, zinc/lead, nickel, ferroalloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore production and marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Glencore PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Goldman fintech revolution can't come fast enough Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Breakingviews | Tue Apr 18, 2017 | 11:24am EDT Goldman fintech revolution can't come fast enough A view of the Goldman Sachs stall on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange July 16, 2013. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid By Antony Currie | NEW YORK NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Goldman Sachs' internal technology revolution cannot come soon enough. The $90 billion Wall Street firm's young online retail-banking unit is growing and could, once big enough, crank out far higher returns than the investment bank. Goldman could do with some of that extra juice already. At 11.4 percent, Goldman's annualized return on equity for the quarter places it in the upper echelons of the industry, along with the likes of JPMorgan and Wells Fargo. The trouble is, the ROE depended upon a low tax rate, which followed from a new accounting rule relating to the settlement of share awards. Without that benefit, Goldman's return for the quarter would have been just 8.9 percent – below the rule-of-thumb 10 percent needed to cover the cost of capital. Disappointing fixed-income, currency and commodities trading was a big part of the problem. The division's revenue was effectively flat relative to a poor first quarter for the industry last year. Rival traders at Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan boosted their top lines by almost a fifth year-on-year. They also managed a slight boost in equities-trading revenue while Goldman's fell 6 percent. That raises further questions about Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein's contention that the firm can win market share as others cut back. Goldman's fledgling Main Street operation is a bright spot. With more than $115 billion in U.S. deposits, it's already one of the top 25 U.S. banks by that measure. Meanwhile Marcus, as the online consumer-lending unit is called, is experiencing "demand more robust than we thought," the unit's boss, Harit Talwar, said recently. Marcus, like fintech rivals, offers a simpler, quicker, more flexible service than many traditional banks. But it also benefits from Goldman's deep pockets and cheap funding. That ought to give it an edge. Consumer lending can earn at least a 3 percent return on assets – triple what Goldman has been managing as a whole of late. And Blankfein's firm doesn't have branches and legacy technology costs to worry about. For now, lending through new web platforms remains a small industry, with just $40 billion of credit extended over a decade, according to Deloitte. Goldman needs the return boost Marcus can eventually provide, but it will be a while before it's big enough to cover the shortcomings of other businesses. Reuters Breakingviews is the world's leading source of agenda-setting financial insight. As the Reuters brand for financial commentary, we dissect the big business and economic stories as they break around the world every day. A global team of about 30 correspondents in New York, London, Hong Kong and other major cities provides expert analysis in real time. Sign up for a free trial of our full service at http://www.breakingviews.com/trial and follow us on Twitter @Breakingviews and at www.breakingviews.com. All opinions expressed are those of the authors. Next In Breakingviews Online retailers betray limits of the internet LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Online retailers are looking more like their passé predecessors. Websites including Amazon and furniture seller Made.com are opening physical showrooms so punters can look before they buy online. Being footloose remains better than having old retail’s cost base. But new entrants wouldn’t be hiking their own expenses unless they had to. Chinese news app gets a sci-fi valuation HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - China's hottest news source has secured a sci-fi valuation. A recent fundraising values ByteDance, the group behind a popular news-feed app, at about $11 billion, according to a person familiar with the matter. That the company has raised so much in a tricky sector suggests buzzwords such as artificial intelligence and big data can act like clickbait for investors. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search Credit downgrade Fin24's Lameez Omarjee unpacks the impact the credit downgrade will have in the next decade. For whose benefit? Is a healthy economy one with GDP just keeps rising and rising, asks Mandi Smallhorne. The aisles have eyes As technology advances, retailers are gunning for the share of your spend, says Ian Mann. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2017 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Personal Finance Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 Finweek ZAR/AUD 10,04 (0.03%) ZAR/EUR 14,31 (-0.51%) ZAR/GBP 17,11 (-0.76%) ZAR/JPY 0,12 (-0.24%) ZAR/USD 13,35 (-0.34%) GOLD 1284,24 (-0.53%) OIL 54,8 (-0.04%) PALLADIUM 775,5 (0.00%) PLATINUM 978 (0.00%) SILVER 18,2 (-0.38%) FTSE/JSE All Share 52672,75 (0.00%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 14583,37 (0.00%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 69913,23 (0.00%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 32626,13 (0.00%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 45873,22 (0.00%) CAC 40 4990,25 (0.00%) NIKKEI 225 18432,2 (0.07%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team Commission seeks no relief from Barclays Bank Plc in banks case Apr 18 2017 17:10 Related Articles Banks, Eskom, Transnet and MTN cut to junk status Competition Commission prosecutes banks for collusion Treasury puts out fires on Gigaba aide's take on nationalisation Aide to Gigaba advocates nationalisations New law to compel Zim banks to accept cows as collateral Zuma curse stalks SA banks as bond sales set to stall   Johannesburg - The Competition Commission has filed a supplementary affidavit in its application against 18 banks. The supplementary affidavit is by Mfundo Ngobese, an inspector appointed by the Commissioner of the Competition Commission and employed in the Cartels Division. Ngobese was part of the investigation team that investigated the banks issue. Ngobese says in his supplementary affidavit that in his founding affidavit he erroneously omitted to cite Barclays Bank PLC as one of the respondents against whom the Commission seeks no relief. That is why he now requests in his supplementary affidavit that this be rectified. In a second supplementary affidavit, Ngobese sets out why the Competition Tribunal would have jurisdiction over all 18 banks named by the Commission in its application, including Bank of America and Standard New York. READ: Competition Commission prosecutes banks for collusion Commission has been investigating a case of price-fixing and market allocation in the trading of foreign currency pairs involving the rand since April 2015. It has referred the case to the Tribunal for prosecution. The banks named as respondents are Bank of America Merrill Lynch International Limited; BNP Paribas; JP Morgan Chase & Co; JP Morgan Chase Bank NA; Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd; Standard New York Securities Inc; Investec Ltd; Standard Bank of SA; Nomura International Plc; Standard Chartered Bank; Credit Suisse Group; Commerzbank AG; Macquarie Bank; HSBC Bank Plc; Citibank NA; Absa Bank; Barclays Capital Inc; and Barclays Bank Plc. The commission is seeking an order from the Tribunal declaring that the respondents have contravened the Competition Act. The Commission is also seeking an order declaring that some of the banks be liable for the payment of an administrative penalty equal to 10% of their annual turnover. The commission said it found that from at least 2007, the respondents had a general agreement to collude on prices for bids, offers and bid-offer spreads for the spot trades in relation to currency trading involving dollar/rand currency pair. It further found that the respondents manipulated the price of bids and offers through agreements to refrain from trading and creating fictitious bids and offers at particular times. Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    competition tribunal  |  competition commission  |  banks  |  financial services NEXT ON FIN24X SA Cheese Festival: from good idea to annual powerhouse 2017-04-18 13:07 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice Treasury puts out fires on Gigaba aide's take on nationalisation Joemat-Pettersson left hurdles to thwart nuclear, DA says Pain at the pumps on cards for motorists Petrol price hike will bite consumers - economist Gigaba heads to US without Team SA OPINION: Ending inequality the only way to save SA's fading rainbow Entrepreneur realises CEO dream at the young age of 26 REVIEWED: Nintendo offers one of the most versatile consoles ever White South Africans should claim their place ANC split in Zuma's heartland threatens his succession plans Company Snapshot We're talking about... #JunkStatus So, the worst has finally happened. S&P and Fitch officially downgraded SA to junk status following the ill-timed Cabinet reshuffle.   Related links: No silver bullet to stop another downgrade, says Gigaba Is there life after junk status? INFOGRAPHIC: How the rand lost its way Get the latest with Fin24 Tech Facebook pushes to augment reality through smartphones 2017-04-19 06:25 Facebook on Tuesday launched a mission to make smartphone cameras windows to augmented reality, focusing on what people have in hand instead of waiting for high-tech eyewear. Competition watchdog throws out complaint against Vodacom, MTN SA Post Office warns against scam The iconic Tamagotchi set to make a comeback More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic INFOGRAPHIC: How to get a pay rise Strangled by your medical scheme contribution? Credit ombud rakes in millions for consumers MUST READ: SA expatriate in Philippines dismisses high life myth Taxing SA expats in Dubai: 3 points to consider Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth Do you have a budget set aside for Easter holiday spending? Yes No I don’t celebrate Easter Yes 9% 34 votes 9 No 68% 254 votes 68 I don’t celebrate Easter 22% 83 votes 22 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Loews Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Loews Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Target Co. (TGT) Stake Decreased by Private Bank & Trust Co. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Increases Stake in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Ubiquiti Networks Inc (UBNT) Shares Sold by Parametrica Management Ltd Parametrica Management Ltd Takes Position in Alleghany Co. (Y) Parametrica Management Ltd Takes Position in Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Parametrica Management Ltd Acquires Shares of 5,919 Loews Co. (L) Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.32 Per Share $0.49 EPS Expected for Chemtura Corp (CHMT) This Quarter Alpha Windward LLC Acquires 34 Shares of General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Apogee Enterprises (APOG) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Alliqua Biomedical (ALQA) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.44 Alder Biopharmaceuticals (ALDR) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Finds America Movil SAB de CV (AMOV) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.13 Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Now Covered by Analysts at Sidoti Audentes Therapeutics Inc (BOLD) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG Zions Bancorp (ZION) Given a $44.00 Price Target at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Incyte Co. (INCY) Receives Hold Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Kevin P. Starr Sells 28,357 Shares of CytomX Therapeutics Inc (CTMX) Stock Alpha Windward LLC Raises Stake in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Parametrica Management Ltd Acquires Shares of 5,919 Loews Co. (L) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Parametrica Management Ltd bought a new position in Loews Co. (NYSE:L) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm bought 5,919 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $277,000. Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in shares of Loews by 3.2% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 24,508,690 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,008,533,000 after buying an additional 769,462 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Loews by 1.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 19,615,252 shares of the company’s stock worth $807,168,000 after buying an additional 234,784 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Loews by 10.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 12,913,138 shares of the company’s stock worth $604,719,000 after buying an additional 1,251,493 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Loews during the fourth quarter worth about $533,915,000. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Loews by 2.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 7,247,763 shares of the company’s stock worth $298,245,000 after buying an additional 207,549 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 58.05% of the company’s stock. Shares of Loews Co. (NYSE:L) opened at 46.275 on Tuesday. Loews Co. has a 1-year low of $38.17 and a 1-year high of $48.05. The company has a market capitalization of $15.58 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.977 and a beta of 0.73. The company’s 50 day moving average is $46.96 and its 200-day moving average is $45.39. Loews (NYSE:L) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.79 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.63 by $0.16. Loews had a net margin of 4.82% and a return on equity of 3.88%. The business had revenue of $3.34 billion for the quarter. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.50 earnings per share. Loews’s revenue was up .2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Loews Co. will post $3.06 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/parametrica-management-ltd-acquires-shares-of-5919-loews-co-l.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Loews from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Loews Company Profile Loews Corporation is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in commercial property and casualty insurance; operation of offshore oil and gas drilling rigs; transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids, and operation of a chain of hotels. The Company has five segments consisted of its four individual operating subsidiaries, CNA Financial Corporation (CNA), Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc (Diamond Offshore), Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (Boardwalk Pipeline) and Loews Hotels Holding Corporation (Loews Hotels), and the Corporate segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding L? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Loews Co. (NYSE:L). Receive News & Ratings for Loews Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Loews Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Post Earnings Coverage as JPMorgan Reported a Robust Q1 Earnings; Beat Expectations Upcoming AWS Coverage on SunTrust Banks Post-Earnings Results LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / April 18, 2017 / Active Wall St. announces its post-earnings coverage on JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM). The Company reported its financial results for the first quarter fiscal 2017 (Q1 FY17) on April 13, 2017. The New York-based bank’s quarterly net revenues registered a 6% y-o-y growth outperforming Wall Street forecasts. Register with us now for your free membership at: http://www.activewallst.com/register/. One of JPMorgan Chase’s competitors within the Money Center Banks space, SunTrust Banks, Inc. (NYSE: STI), announced on March 10, 2017 that it plans to release its Q1 2017 results on Friday, April 21, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET. SunTrust management will host a conference call that morning. AWS will be initiating a research report on SunTrust Banks in the coming days. Today, AWS is promoting its earnings coverage on JPM; touching on STI. Get our free coverage by signing up to: http://www.activewallst.com/register/ Earnings Reviewed During the three months ended on March 31, 2017, JPMorgan reported total net revenues of $24.68 billion, which was above $23.24 billion recorded in Q1 FY16. Total net revenues for the reported quarter also beat market consensus estimates of $24.6 billion. In Q1 FY17, JPMorgan’s net interest income grew 6% y-o-y to $12.06 billion from $11.38 billion in the year ago same period. The growth in net interest income is primarily attributed to the growth in loans and positive impact of higher rates. Driven by Corporate & Investment Bank, noninterest revenues for Q1 FY17 was also up by 6% y-o-y to $12.61 billion from $11.86 billion in Q1 FY16. The financial services firm’s net income for Q1 FY17 came in at $6.45 billion, or $1.65 per diluted share, rising from $5.52 billion, or $1.35 per diluted share, in Q1 FY16. Moreover, net income numbers for Q1 FY17 outshined Wall Street consensus estimates of $1.51 per diluted share. Performance Metrics JPMorgan reported return on assets of 1.03% in Q1 FY17 versus 0.93% in the year ago comparable quarter. The return on common equity rose to 11% in Q1 FY17 from 9% reported in last year’s same period. Additionally, the bank’s return on tangible return on common equity for the reported quarter came in at 13%, compared to 12% in Q1 FY16. As on March 31, 2017, the Company’s Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital stood at $184.34 billion, or 12.5% compared to $177.53 billion, or 12.1% in the year ago same period. The Company’s Basel III Tier 1 capital ratio was 14.2% at the end of Q1 FY17 compared to 13.8% at the close of Q1 FY16. Additionally, tangible book value per share stood at $52.04 as on March 31, 2017, up 6% from $48.96 per share as on March 31, 2016. Segment Performance In Q1 FY17, Consumer & Community Banking segment’s revenues fell marginally to $10.97 billion from $11.12 billion in prior year’s comparable quarter. Meanwhile, the segment’s net income declined 20% y-o-y in Q1 FY17 to $1.99 billion from $2.49 billion in Q1 FY16. Corporate & Investment Bank’s revenues for Q1 FY17 came in at $9.54 billion, which was 17% above $8.14 billion reported in the year ago corresponding quarter. The segment’s net income surged 64% in Q1 FY17 to $3.24 billion from $1.98 billion in Q1 FY16. JPMorgan’s Commercial Banking net revenues for Q1 FY17 stood at $2.02 billion, up 12% y-o-y, primarily driven by higher net interest income and investment banking revenues. The segment’s net income rose 61% y-o-y in Q1 FY17 to $799 million in the reported quarter. Driven by higher deposit spreads, Asset Management segment’s net revenues grew to $3.09 billion in Q1 FY17 from $2.97 billion in Q1 FY16. The segment contributed $385 million to combined net income in Q1 FY17 compared to $587 million in the previous year’s comparable period. Meanwhile, the Company’s Corporate segment reported net income of $35 million in Q1 FY17 versus net loss of $32 million in the last year’s comparable period. Dividend In a separate press release on March 21, 2017, JPMorgan’s Board of Directors raised the quarterly dividend from $0.48 per share to $0.50 per share The dividend is payable on April 30, 2017, to stockholders of record at the close of business on April 06, 2017. The Company also informed Wall Street that it had returned capital worth $4.6 billion to its shareholders in Q1 FY17, which included $2.8 billion of net share buyback and $0.50 per share in form of quarterly cash dividend. Guidance In its outlook for full year FY17, the Company expects net interest income to rise $4.5 billion y-o-y. The management anticipates adjusted expenses during FY17 to be approximately $58 billion and forecasts net charge offs during FY17 to be +/- $5 billion. Furthermore, the Company foresees a $400 million sequential growth in net interest income during Q2 FY17. Stock Performance At the closing bell, on Monday, April 17, 2017, JPMorgan Chase’s stock rose 1.73%, ending the trading session at $85.86. A total volume of 19.04 million shares were traded at the end of the day, which was higher than the 3-month average volume of 15.90 million shares. In the last six months and previous twelve months, shares of the Company have surged 28.18% and 42.47%, respectively. Moreover, the stock gained 0.63% since the start of the year. The Company’s shares are trading at a PE ratio of 13.18 and have a dividend yield of 2.33%. At Monday’s closing price, the stock’s net capitalization stands at $306.69 billion. Active Wall Street: Active Wall Street (AWS) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. AWS has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. AWS has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email [email protected]. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by AWS. AWS is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way. NO WARRANTY AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, AWS, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither AWS nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://www.activewallst.com/disclaimer/. CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you’re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: [email protected] Phone number: 1-858-257-3144 Office Address: 3rd floor, 207 Regent Street, London, W1B 3HH, United Kingdom CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE: Active Wall Street CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Research Reports Initiated on Industrials Stocks Black Diamond Group, Avigilon, and CanaDream Next PostNext Global Shooting Ranges market by Technology, Application & Geography – Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Infrared Oil Content Analyzer Industry Size, Share, Global Trends, Price, Research Report, Analysis and Forecast -2022 Cottonseed Oil Market Shares, Strategies and Forecast Worldwide, 2016 to 2026 2022 Global Heat Exchanger Market Competition, Status and Forecast, Market Size by Players, Regions, Type, Application Aviation Test Equipment Market Growth Opportunities, Key Driving Factors, Market Scenario and Forecast to 2027 Global Cotton Picking Machine Market 2022 Forecast and Analysis Research Report made available by Orbis Research Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cambrex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cambrex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shinhan Financial Group Co., Ltd. (SHG) Stake Increased by Capstone Asset Management Co. First National Bank of Omaha Purchases 5,625 Shares of Cambrex Co. (CBM) Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Stake Decreased by Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Stake Reduced by Capstone Asset Management Co. Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research American Vanguard Corp. (AVD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Zacks: Analysts Expect Dynavax Technologies Co. (DVAX) to Post -$0.56 Earnings Per Share Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Receives Buy Rating from CIBC Pier 1 Imports’ (PIR) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at CIBC First National Bank of Omaha Sells 91,448 Shares of Avnet, Inc. (AVT) First National Bank of Omaha Has $872,000 Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) First National Bank of Omaha Has $1,018,000 Position in Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Shares Bought by Jacobs & Co. CA Marshwinds Advisory Co. Sells 300 Shares of Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Five Below Inc (FIVE) Stake Boosted by First National Bank of Omaha Bank of Montreal Can Has $33.479 Million Position in Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) First National Bank of Omaha Has $1.054 Million Position in Analogic Co. (ALOG) Regentatlantic Capital LLC Acquires 471 Shares of AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Bank of Montreal Can Purchases 325,528 Shares of VF Corp (VFC) First National Bank of Omaha Purchases 5,625 Shares of Cambrex Co. (CBM) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First National Bank of Omaha raised its position in shares of Cambrex Co. (NYSE:CBM) by 60.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 14,963 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 5,625 shares during the period. First National Bank of Omaha’s holdings in Cambrex were worth $824,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Cambrex by 570.3% in the third quarter. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. now owns 215,289 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,571,000 after buying an additional 183,169 shares in the last quarter. Nicholas Investment Partners LP acquired a new stake in shares of Cambrex during the fourth quarter worth $1,175,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Cambrex by 2.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 84,575 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,760,000 after buying an additional 2,352 shares in the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Cambrex by 10.1% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 221,619 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,853,000 after buying an additional 20,345 shares in the last quarter. Finally, American Capital Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Cambrex during the third quarter worth $15,110,000. 98.23% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Cambrex Co. (NYSE:CBM) opened at 55.40 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $1.79 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.35 and a beta of 1.95. Cambrex Co. has a 12-month low of $38.30 and a 12-month high of $62.50. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $53.35 and its 200 day moving average price is $51.02. Cambrex (NYSE:CBM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 3rd. The company reported $1.23 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.05 by $0.18. The company had revenue of $178.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $174.53 million. Cambrex had a net margin of 16.65% and a return on equity of 24.53%. Cambrex’s revenue was up 13.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.01 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Cambrex Co. will post $3.01 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/first-national-bank-of-omaha-purchases-5625-shares-of-cambrex-co-cbm.html. CBM has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Craig Hallum set a $70.00 target price on Cambrex and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. First Analysis raised their price objective on Cambrex from $54.00 to $66.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised Cambrex from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Stephens set a $61.00 price objective on Cambrex and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. In other Cambrex news, COO Shawn Cavanagh sold 20,380 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.12, for a total transaction of $1,123,345.60. Following the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 57,658 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,178,108.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO Steven M. Klosk sold 12,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.58, for a total transaction of $654,960.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 95,328 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,203,002.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 181,000 shares of company stock worth $9,773,504 in the last three months. Insiders own 2.63% of the company’s stock. About Cambrex Cambrex Corporation (Cambrex) is a life sciences company. It provides products and services for the development and commercialization of generic therapeutics. It operates through four segments, which are manufacturing facilities that have been aggregated as a single segment. Its manufacturing facilities are owned by the subsidiaries, including Cambrex Charles City, Inc, Cambrex Karlskoga AB and Cambrex Profarmaco Milano S.r.l. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CBM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cambrex Co. (NYSE:CBM). Receive News & Ratings for Cambrex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cambrex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Goldman Sachs profit misses estimates on trading weakness Total revenue from trading fell 2.4 per cent to $3.36bn, the lowest in five quarters. Sruthi Shankar, Olivia Oran Tuesday 18 April 2017 13:51 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Revenue from fixed-income securities, currencies and commodities trading rose just 1.3 per cent to $1.69bn AP Goldman Sachs reported a lower than expected quarterly profit as gains in investment banking were offset by weak trading revenue. Total revenue from trading fell 2.4 per cent to $3.36bn, the lowest in five quarters. Revenue from fixed-income securities, currencies and commodities trading rose just 1.3 per cent to $1.69bn. Read more Goldman Sachs to move jobs out of London before Brexit deal struck "The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses", Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein said in a statement. Goldman's trading results were in sharp contrast to those from JPMorgan and Bank of America, which reported a rise in trading revenue. Shares of Goldman were down three per cent in premarket trading. Read more JP Morgan chief executive Jamie Dimon receives $1m pay rise- to $28m This Is What Stephen Bannon Was Like at Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs: Would you trust its robo advisors with your money? Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to stable businesses such as investment management. Earnings per share rose to $5.15 from $2.68. Analysts on average had expected earnings of $5.31 per share, according to Reuters. Investment banking revenue, which includes M&A, debt underwriting and stock underwriting, rose 16.4 per cent to $1.7bn. Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 2/35 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 3/35 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 4/35 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 5/35 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 6/35 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 7/35 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 8/35 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 9/35 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 10/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 11/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 12/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 13/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 14/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 15/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 16/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 17/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 18/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 19/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 20/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 21/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 22/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 23/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 24/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 25/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 26/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 27/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 28/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 29/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 30/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 31/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 32/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 33/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 34/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 35/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty   Total operating expenses rose 15.2 per cent to $5.49bn. Morgan Stanley, Goldman's traditional rival, reports earnings on Wednesday. Reuters More about: Goldman Sachs investment banking Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Jean-Luc Mélenchon barges way into tight French presidential race Le Pen steps up anti-immigration rhetoric ahead of French election US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Trump moves to push ‘Hire American’ agenda Trump congratulates Erdogan on controversial referendum victory Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Weetabix to be sold to US group Post Holdings for $1.76bn Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya faces extradition after London arrest Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election The market indicators to watch in France’s presidential election Pound leaps to 10-week higher after UK snap election plan Active fund managers can add value but price is still too high Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe May is the most culturally conservative leader since Thatcher London’s housing crisis is abetted by illicit funds Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub The best advice for parents at the start of term Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television London life: what should you give to ‘homeless’ people? We’re going on an au pair hunt Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Goldman Sachs falls as profits miss Wall St forecasts Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Renault SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Rating Lowered to Neutral at B. Riley Alteryx Inc (AYX) Research Coverage Started at Goldman Sachs Group Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €120.00 Price Target for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) Renault SA (RNO) Given a €89.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Pacific Biosciences of California (PACB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Initiates Coverage on Autohome Inc (ATHM) Wedbush Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Novan Inc (NOVN) Uniqure NV (QURE) Earns “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Bel Fuse (BELFA) Stock Price Biocept (BIOC) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Study Shows Trust Co Decreases Stake in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Insider Buying: Hostelworld Group PLC (HSW) Insider Buys £56,600 in Stock Tiger Global Management Llc Buys 1,486,800 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock CENTRAL TRUST Co Has $111,000 Stake in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Increases Position in Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Alteryx Inc (AYX) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Gladstone Commercial Co. (GOOD) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 19th Baidu Inc (BIDU) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 19th Guess?, Inc. (GES) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Renault SA (RNO) Given a €89.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Renault SA (EPA:RNO) has been assigned a €89.00 ($94.68) price target by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. The firm presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other analysts also recently commented on RNO. BNP Paribas set a €99.00 ($105.32) price objective on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €115.00 ($122.34) price objective on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Macquarie set a €100.00 ($106.38) price objective on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €89.00 ($94.68) price objective on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €93.00 ($98.94) price objective on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Renault SA currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €89.41 ($95.12). Renault SA (EPA:RNO) opened at 77.48 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €81.75 and a 200 day moving average of €81.01. Renault SA has a 1-year low of €63.64 and a 1-year high of €90.76. The stock has a market cap of €22.55 billion and a P/E ratio of 6.22. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Renault SA (RNO) Given a €89.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/renault-sa-rno-given-a-89-00-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Renault SA Renault SA is a France based company primarily engaged in the manufacture of automobiles and the provision of related services. It is structured into two segments: the Automobile division, which handles the design, manufacture and marketing of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, under Renault, Renault Samsung Motors and Dacia brands, and the Sales Financing division, which provides financial and commercial services related to the sales activities, and is comprised of RCI Banque and its subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for Renault SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Rating Lowered to Neutral at B. Riley Alteryx Inc (AYX) Research Coverage Started at Goldman Sachs Group Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €120.00 Price Target for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) Renault SA (RNO) Given a €89.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Pacific Biosciences of California (PACB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Initiates Coverage on Autohome Inc (ATHM) Wedbush Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Novan Inc (NOVN) Uniqure NV (QURE) Earns “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Bel Fuse (BELFA) Stock Price Biocept (BIOC) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Study Shows Trust Co Decreases Stake in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Insider Buying: Hostelworld Group PLC (HSW) Insider Buys £56,600 in Stock Tiger Global Management Llc Buys 1,486,800 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock CENTRAL TRUST Co Has $111,000 Stake in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Increases Position in Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Alteryx Inc (AYX) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Gladstone Commercial Co. (GOOD) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 19th Baidu Inc (BIDU) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 19th Guess?, Inc. (GES) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €120.00 Price Target for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (EPA:ML) has been given a €120.00 ($127.66) price objective by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Tuesday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other equities analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Societe Generale set a €110.00 ($117.02) price objective on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. BNP Paribas set a €111.00 ($118.09) price objective on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. S&P Global set a €100.00 ($106.38) price objective on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €107.50 ($114.36) price objective on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Bank of America Corp set a €115.00 ($122.34) price objective on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €108.11 ($115.01). Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (EPA:ML) opened at 111.05 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of €20.00 billion and a PE ratio of 12.30. Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA has a 12 month low of €79.80 and a 12 month high of €114.20. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €109.64 and a 200 day moving average of €103.57. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/jpmorgan-chase-120-00-price-target-for-cie-gnrl-des-etblsmnts-michelin-sca-ml.html. Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA Company Profile Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin SCA (Michelin SCA) is a France-based company, which is mainly engaged in the manufacture and distribution of tires for a variety of vehicles. In addition, it publishes maps and guides, and offers digital products and services. The Company’s main activity is the production of tires for passenger cars, two-wheeled vehicles, trucks, agricultural equipment and aircraft, among others, which are sold through such distribution divisions as Euromaster in Europe and TCI in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Macquarie Group Ltd. Acquires 264,659 Shares of Repligen Co. (RGEN) Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Position Held by Lau Associates LLC Private Asset Management Inc. Boosts Stake in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $8.618 Million Position in The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $9.558 Million Stake in Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd (QUNR) Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Stake Reduced by Macquarie Group Ltd. John Allan Purchases 20,000 Shares of Tesco PLC (TSCO) Stock Gary Elden Acquires 57 Shares of SThree Plc (STHR) Stock Driesum Rolf Van Acquires 64,000 Shares of Engold Mines Ltd (EGM) Stock Ceres Power Holdings plc (CWR) Insider James Falla Buys 34,326 Shares Workday Inc (WDAY) SVP Sells $907,394.50 in Stock Feltl & Co. Reaffirms Buy Rating for Pure Cycle Co. (PCYO) Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dorian LPG Ltd (LPG) to Hold Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Issues Earnings Results US Ecology Inc (ECOL) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 19th Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.23 on April 28th Highbridge Capital Management LLC Purchases New Position in Gentex Co. (GNTX) Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $9.558 Million Stake in Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd (QUNR) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Macquarie Group Ltd. reduced its stake in shares of Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd (NASDAQ:QUNR) by 4.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 317,238 shares of the company’s stock after selling 13,603 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd.’s holdings in Qunar Cayman Islands were worth $9,558,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in QUNR. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of Qunar Cayman Islands by 2.4% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 57,846 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,677,000 after buying an additional 1,346 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Qunar Cayman Islands by 2,921.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 74,814 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,171,000 after buying an additional 72,338 shares during the period. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd raised its stake in shares of Qunar Cayman Islands by 1.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 30,439 shares of the company’s stock valued at $883,000 after buying an additional 321 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Qunar Cayman Islands by 14.0% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 36,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $36,700,000 after buying an additional 4,500 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in shares of Qunar Cayman Islands by 7.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 439,337 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,741,000 after buying an additional 29,646 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 4.87% of the company’s stock. Shares of Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd (NASDAQ:QUNR) opened at 30.41 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $30.63 and its 200 day moving average price is $29.89. Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd has a 12 month low of $25.75 and a 12 month high of $44.64. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/macquarie-group-ltd-has-9-558-million-stake-in-qunar-cayman-islands-ltd-qunr.html. About Qunar Cayman Islands Qunar Cayman Islands Limited (Qunar) is engaged in offering mobile and online commerce platform for travel in China. The Company offers a range of travel products, including flights, hotels, vacations packages, attraction tickets and other travel related offerings. The Company offers Qunar Travel, which is a mobile application that enables its users to search for and purchase travel products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding QUNR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd (NASDAQ:QUNR). Receive News & Ratings for Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alteryx Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alteryx Inc (AYX) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Gladstone Commercial Co. (GOOD) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 19th Baidu Inc (BIDU) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 19th Guess?, Inc. (GES) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC (RBS) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages AES Corp (AES) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Rambus Inc. (RMBS) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Now Covered by Nomura Talend SA (TLND) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Price Target Raised to $65.00 at Jefferies Group LLC Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Given “Neutral” Rating at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Shares Bought by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. PC Tel Inc (PCTI) Now Covered by Lake Street Capital Macquarie Group Ltd. Acquires 264,659 Shares of Repligen Co. (RGEN) Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Position Held by Lau Associates LLC Private Asset Management Inc. Boosts Stake in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $8.618 Million Position in The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Alteryx Inc (AYX) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Alteryx Inc (NYSE:AYX) in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday, The Fly reports. The firm set a “neutral” rating on the stock. AYX has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on Alteryx in a report on Tuesday. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Pacific Crest initiated coverage on Alteryx in a report on Tuesday. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.00. Shares of Alteryx (NYSE:AYX) opened at 16.28 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $16.05 and a 200-day moving average price of $16.05. The stock’s market cap is $531.92 million. Alteryx has a 52-week low of $14.61 and a 52-week high of $17.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alteryx Inc (AYX) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/alteryx-inc-ayx-receives-new-coverage-from-analysts-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, major shareholder Iconiq Strategic Partners Ii, purchased 675,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $14.00 per share, for a total transaction of $9,450,000.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. About Alteryx Alteryx, Inc is a United States-based provider of self-service data analytics software. The Company offers various products, such as Alteryx Designer, Alteryx Server and Alteryx Analytics Gallery. Alteryx Designer is a repeatable workflow for self-service data analytics. Alteryx Designer allows data analysts by combining data preparation, data blending, and analytics-predictive, statistical and spatial-using the same user interface. Receive News & Ratings for Alteryx Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share JP Morgan Hires Property Brothers To Market Mortgage Business 4/18/2017 6:58 AM ET J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. plans to launch advertising featuring Drew and Jonathan Scott, the twins who star in HGTV's Property Brothers, aiming to boost its mortgage business, reports said. The campaign, which will be launched next month to revive the banking giant's home loan business, will feature the stars of the reality television show famous for home upgrades. The campaign will include digital, social media, display and television ads for Chase mortgages throughout the year, said Amy Bonitatibus, the business's chief marketing officer. The cardboard cutouts of the twins will be displayed in Chase branches. The brothers' HGTV show was started in 2011. Bonitatibus reportedly said, "More and more, when you talk with friends and neighbors about home-buying, people immediately ask if you've seen the latest episode of the Property Brothers." The bank, which stepped back from the U.S. mortgage market following the housing crisis last decade, is also in the process of boosting its mortgage lending force by 10 percent, reports said. The company will upgrade its loan-making software and jazz up its smartphone app with more mortgage account tools. The bank has used other celebrities to promote its consumer businesses. They include basketball star Stephen Curry, fencer Tim Morehouse and tennis champion Serena Williams. Chase reportedly paid $31 billion in 13 mortgage-related legal settlements, while Bank of America settlements were $71 billion. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Top Grossing foreign films in US Unhappy Campers: The 10 Most Miserable Nations on Earth Feeling Groovy: The 10 Countries With the Best Healthcare Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories European Shares Seen Subdued In Cautious Trade ASML Q1 Profit Soars On Higher System Sales Gainers & Losers Of Apr.18: XOMA, AKTX, CYTK, AGIO, SRNE... Asian Markets Mostly Lower Yahoo Q1 Profit Tops Street, Verizon Deal To Close In June IBM Profit Falls, Sales Misses View - Update Major Averages Close Lower But Well Off Worst Levels - U.S. Commentary Southwest Pilot Arrested For Trying To Take Loaded Gun On Flight Reports: IPhone 8 Will Be Delayed Americans Say Corporations, Wealthy Pay Too Little In Taxes New Alabama Governor Moves Up Special Senate Election United Will No Longer Boot Seated Passengers To Accommodate Needs Goldman Earnings, Geopolitical Concerns Weigh On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Tesla Lowers Price For Model S Air Canada Bumps 10-Year Old From Overbooked Flight <<Previous        63 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS JPMorgan Q1 Results Top Estimates JPMorgan Chase Q1 17 Earnings Conference Call At 8:30 AM ET JPMorgan Chase Q1 17 Earnings Conference Call At 8:30 AM ET JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reveals 17% Increase In Q1 Profit Aramco Appoints Banks For IPO Roles Trade JPM now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed ASML Q1 Profit Soars On Higher System Sales Top Grossing Foreign Films Of All-time Air Canada Bumps 10-Year Old From Overbooked Flight Facebook Reviewing Content Policy After Murder Uber Fined Over Handling Of Drunk Driver Riding High: Auxilio Goldman Sachs Q1 Results Climb, Miss Estimates; Ups Dividend; To Buy Back Shares Johnson & Johnson Q1 Profit Tops Estimates; Lifts FY17 View Bank Of America Q1 Profit Beats Estimates; Revenue Up 7% JP Morgan Hires Property Brothers To Market Mortgage Business Amazon Reportedly Interested In BJ's Wholesale Hidden Treasures: Africa's 10 Largest Economies OMED Disappoints, PBYI Soars, AMAG Seeks Expanded Approval For Makena Gainers & Losers Of Apr.17: CBLI, INFI, PBYI, OMED, INCY... Riding High: Auxilio FDA Says No To INCY, ZTS Snaps Up NVET, MDXG On The Move Amazon Reportedly Interested In BJ's Wholesale McDonalds Manager Refunds Nearly 1,100 Big Macs...To Herself Eli Lilly And Incyte Say FDA Issues CRL For Baricitinib Ametek To Buy Mocon For $30 Per Share In Cash - Quick Facts Eli Manning In Fake Memorabilia Scandal Zoetis To Acquire Nexvet Biopharma In $85 Mln Deal Johnson & Johnson Q1 Profit Tops Estimates; Lifts FY17 View Air Canada Bumps 10-Year Old From Overbooked Flight Ant Financial Increases Offer For MoneyGram To $18.00/shr In Cash Williams Partners To Sell Interests In Geismar Olefins To Nova For $2.1 Bln Amazon Reportedly Interested In BJ's Wholesale Cabela's Off Best Levels But Holding On To Strong Gain Cardinal Health Remains Firmly Negative After Early Sell-Off Verizon In $1.05 Bln 3-yrs Purchase Deal With Corning For Optical Solutions Hanmi Financial Corporation Profit Falls 7% In Q1 Harley-Davidson Backs 2017 Motorcycle Shipments View Johnson & Johnson Q1 Profit Tops Estimates; Lifts FY17 View HitGen, Pfizer Enter Research Collaboration & License Agreement - Quick Facts Ashmore Q3 AuM Up 7% Sequentially - Quick Facts Snapchat CEO: I Never Said India Too Poor For App Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cryolife Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cryolife Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cryolife Inc (CRY) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC Lebenthal Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sartorius Ag (SARTF) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Penntex Midstream Partners LP (PTXP) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Pampa Energia S.A. (PAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Stake Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Reduces Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Shares Bought by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Cuts Position in Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) Banco Santander S.A. Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Shares Bought by Guggenheim Capital LLC Banco Santander S.A. Invests $8.193 Million in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $14 Million Stake in Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Trueblue Inc (TBI) to “Buy” Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Syngenta AG (SYT) to “Hold” E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Westamerica Bancorporation (WABC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Cryolife Inc (CRY) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Cryolife Inc (NYSE:CRY) by 85.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 31,409 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 14,491 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Cryolife were worth $601,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Creative Planning raised its stake in Cryolife by 14.1% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 8,088 shares of the company’s stock valued at $142,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in Cryolife during the third quarter valued at approximately $686,000. Arizona State Retirement System raised its stake in Cryolife by 3.7% in the third quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 13,854 shares of the company’s stock valued at $243,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. Aperio Group LLC purchased a new stake in Cryolife during the third quarter valued at approximately $188,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Cryolife by 5,550.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 141,202 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,481,000 after buying an additional 138,703 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 66.30% of the company’s stock. Shares of Cryolife Inc (NYSE:CRY) opened at 14.75 on Tuesday. The stock has a market cap of $486.46 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 45.81 and a beta of 1.23. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $16.18 and its 200 day moving average is $17.77. Cryolife Inc has a 52 week low of $11.11 and a 52 week high of $20.15. Cryolife (NYSE:CRY) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $0.12 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.03. Cryolife had a net margin of 6.00% and a return on equity of 8.37%. The business had revenue of $45 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $46.92 million. On average, equities analysts forecast that Cryolife Inc will post $0.41 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Cryolife Inc (CRY) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/cryolife-inc-cry-shares-bought-by-aqr-capital-management-llc.html. CRY has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Cryolife from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Northland Securities initiated coverage on shares of Cryolife in a research note on Monday, January 9th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $23.50 price objective for the company. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and set a $23.50 price target on shares of Cryolife in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services upgraded shares of Cryolife from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 price target for the company in a research note on Friday, February 17th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Cryolife currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $19.67. In related news, VP Scott B. Capps sold 11,083 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $16.40, for a total transaction of $181,761.20. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 128,477 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,107,022.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 6.08% of the company’s stock. Cryolife Company Profile CryoLife, Inc (CryoLife) is a medical device manufacturer and processor, and is engaged in the distribution of medical devices and implantable human tissues used in cardiac surgical procedures. The Company operates through two segments: Medical Devices and Preservation Services. The Medical Devices segment includes medical devices, such as BioGlue Surgical Adhesive, BioFoam Surgical Matrix, On-X Life Technologies Holdings, Inc valves and surgical products, CardioGenesis cardiac laser therapy product line, PerClot and PhotoFix. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CRY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cryolife Inc (NYSE:CRY). Receive News & Ratings for Cryolife Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cryolife Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pioneer Energy Services Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pioneer Energy Services Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $368,000 Stake in AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Pioneer Energy Services Corp (PES) Position Decreased by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $99.517 Million Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Kovitz Investment Group Partners LLC Lowers Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Hilltop Holdings Inc. Has $2.37 Million Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Monro Muffler Brake’s (MNRO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Cut by Gratus Capital LLC National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) PT Set at $30.00 by BMO Capital Markets Legg Mason Inc (LM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Position in Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Genus plc (GNS) FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday AVX Co. (AVX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) Earns “Buy” Rating from FBR & Co Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Earns “Hold” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc (BW) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Pioneer Energy Services Corp (PES) Position Decreased by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY reduced its position in shares of Pioneer Energy Services Corp (NYSE:PES) by 10.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 53,954 shares of the company’s stock after selling 6,135 shares during the period. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s holdings in Pioneer Energy Services Corp were worth $370,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Phoenix Investment Adviser LLC boosted its position in Pioneer Energy Services Corp by 184.3% in the third quarter. Phoenix Investment Adviser LLC now owns 242,199 shares of the company’s stock worth $978,000 after buying an additional 157,000 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in Pioneer Energy Services Corp by 11.1% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3,152,297 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,736,000 after buying an additional 314,067 shares in the last quarter. KBC Group NV boosted its position in Pioneer Energy Services Corp by 113.8% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 113,063 shares of the company’s stock worth $457,000 after buying an additional 60,184 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Pioneer Energy Services Corp by 1.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,652,244 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,715,000 after buying an additional 25,126 shares in the last quarter. Finally, New York State Common Retirement Fund boosted its position in Pioneer Energy Services Corp by 98.5% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 716,639 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,895,000 after buying an additional 355,560 shares in the last quarter. 62.40% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Pioneer Energy Services Corp (NYSE:PES) opened at 3.95 on Tuesday. Pioneer Energy Services Corp has a 52-week low of $2.64 and a 52-week high of $7.20. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $4.39 and its 200 day moving average is $5.11. The stock’s market capitalization is $304.07 million. Pioneer Energy Services Corp (NYSE:PES) last released its earnings results on Friday, February 17th. The company reported ($0.34) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.31) by $0.03. Pioneer Energy Services Corp had a negative net margin of 45.35% and a negative return on equity of 24.83%. The firm had revenue of $71.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $70.47 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.25) EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 31.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Pioneer Energy Services Corp will post ($0.62) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/pioneer-energy-services-corp-pes-position-decreased-by-metropolitan-life-insurance-co-ny.html. A number of research analysts recently commented on PES shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Pioneer Energy Services Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $7.50 target price on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Capital One Financial Corp. started coverage on Pioneer Energy Services Corp in a research note on Monday, February 6th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $8.50 target price on the stock. Scotiabank reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $7.00 target price on shares of Pioneer Energy Services Corp in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $6.00 target price on shares of Pioneer Energy Services Corp in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $6.31. About Pioneer Energy Services Corp Pioneer Energy Services Corp. provides land-based drilling services and production services to a group of independent oil and gas exploration and production companies in the United States and internationally in Colombia. The Company operates through two segments, which include drilling services segment and production services segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PES? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pioneer Energy Services Corp (NYSE:PES). Receive News & Ratings for Pioneer Energy Services Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pioneer Energy Services Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology DDR Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DDR Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News 12,630 Shares in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Acquired by Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Norges Bank Invests $33.98 Million in Genesco Inc. (GCO) 2,231,558 Shares in DDR Corp (DDR) Acquired by Norges Bank Nicholas Mcgrane Sells 7,034 Shares of Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Stock Lands' End, Inc. (LE) Insider Acquires $206,279.24 in Stock Altria Group’s (MO) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Canaccord Genuity Lowers Macerich Co (MAC) Price Target to $71.00 Legg Mason’s (LM) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Medifast Inc (MED) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Wedbush Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Oracle Co. (ORCL) Albany Molecular Research, Inc. Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share (AMRI) Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Brokers Offer Predictions for Inogen Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (INGN) AC Immune Ltd Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.13) Per Share (ACIU) KB Home’s (KBH) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €42.00 Price Target Peugeot SA (UG) PT Set at €17.30 by BNP Paribas Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for Jackpotjoy PLC (JPJ) South Jersey Industries Inc (SJI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages 585,282 Shares in MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Acquired by Norges Bank 2,231,558 Shares in DDR Corp (DDR) Acquired by Norges Bank April 18th, 2017 - By Doug Wharley - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Norges Bank bought a new position in DDR Corp (NYSE:DDR) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm bought 2,231,558 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock, valued at approximately $34,076,000. Norges Bank owned about 0.61% of DDR Corp as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of DDR Corp by 278.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 7,060,654 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $123,067,000 after buying an additional 5,195,883 shares during the last quarter. APG Asset Management US Inc. acquired a new position in shares of DDR Corp during the third quarter worth about $68,587,000. Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its position in shares of DDR Corp by 21.5% in the third quarter. Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 12,559,714 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $218,916,000 after buying an additional 2,221,054 shares during the last quarter. Morgan Stanley raised its position in shares of DDR Corp by 55.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 4,007,871 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $69,858,000 after buying an additional 1,427,879 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of DDR Corp by 61.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,674,402 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $64,046,000 after buying an additional 1,391,731 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.32% of the company’s stock. DDR Corp (NYSE:DDR) opened at 12.80 on Tuesday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $13.03 and its 200-day moving average is $14.75. DDR Corp has a 52 week low of $12.13 and a 52 week high of $19.92. The company has a market cap of $4.68 billion, a P/E ratio of 128.00 and a beta of 0.83. DDR Corp (NYSE:DDR) last posted its earnings results on Monday, February 13th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.30 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.04 by $0.26. The business had revenue of $232.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $241.73 million. DDR Corp had a net margin of 6.19% and a return on equity of 1.98%. DDR Corp’s revenue was down 5.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.31 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that DDR Corp will post $0.07 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 4th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 16th were paid a $0.19 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, March 14th. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 5.94%. DDR Corp’s dividend payout ratio is presently 690.97%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “2,231,558 Shares in DDR Corp (DDR) Acquired by Norges Bank” was originally reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/18/norges-bank-takes-position-in-ddr-corp-ddr-updated.html. Several analysts recently issued reports on DDR shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of DDR Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $16.00 price target on shares of DDR Corp in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Sandler O’Neill lowered shares of DDR Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $16.00 to $14.00 in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of DDR Corp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Evercore ISI upgraded shares of DDR Corp from a “hold” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $17.29. In related news, Director Robert H. Gidel purchased 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The stock was acquired at an average price of $12.80 per share, with a total value of $51,200.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 54,153 shares in the company, valued at $693,158.40. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Terrance R. Ahern purchased 76,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $13.11 per share, with a total value of $996,360.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 264,060 shares in the company, valued at $3,461,826.60. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last three months, insiders acquired 82,000 shares of company stock valued at $1,072,460. Corporate insiders own 16.20% of the company’s stock. About DDR Corp DDR Corp. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust. It operates through two segments: shopping centers and loan investments. It is in the business of acquiring, owning, developing, redeveloping, expanding, leasing and managing shopping centers. As of December 31, 2016, it owned and managed approximately 106 million total square feet of gross leasable area (GLA). Receive News & Stock Ratings for DDR Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DDR Corp and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AKO-A - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AKO-A with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Instinet AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Give Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc (AERI) a $56.00 Price Target AKO-A (AKO-A) Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Overweight” Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest TransGlobe Energy Co. (TGL) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank TFI International Inc (TFII) Downgraded by Royal Bank of Canada BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) CSFB Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) NAPEC Inc (NPC) Earns Outperform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Intellia Therapeutics Inc (NTLA) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Rating Reiterated by MKM Partners Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG IDEX Co. (IEX) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives Underperform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Carr's Group PLC (CARR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Artilium plc (ARTA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap British American Tobacco plc’s (BATS) Hold Rating Reiterated at Whitman Howard BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Given a GBX 1,510 Price Target at Morgan Stanley AKO-A (AKO-A) Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Overweight” April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of AKO-A (NASDAQ:AKO-A) from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. Shares of AKO-A (NASDAQ:AKO-A) opened at 23.51 on Wednesday. AKO-A has a 1-year low of $17.26 and a 1-year high of $23.60. The firm has a market cap of $3.71 billion and a PE ratio of 27.02. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $22.07 and its 200 day moving average price is $21.31. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/ako-a-ako-a-upgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-to-overweight.html. Receive News & Ratings for AKO-A Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AKO-A and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tate & Lyle PLC (TATE) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Tesco PLC (TSCO) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc N+1 Singer Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given “Outperform” Rating at Macquarie Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) to Release Earnings on Thursday 1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Hays plc (HAS) Analysts Set Synthomer PLC (SYNT) Target Price at $459.18 $293.37 Million in Sales Expected for Surgery Partners Inc (SGRY) This Quarter Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades MarineMax Inc (HZO) to “Buy” Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate KLX Inc (KLXI) to Announce $0.30 EPS Five Below Inc (FIVE) Upgraded to Buy by Vetr Inc. Workiva Inc (WK) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $50.71 Million New Relic Inc (NEWR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $71.98 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) to Post -$0.07 EPS $0.19 EPS Expected for Neff Corp (NEFF) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.2 Billion -$0.30 Earnings Per Share Expected for Zosano Pharma Corp (ZSAN) This Quarter Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given “Outperform” Rating at Macquarie April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Macquarie reiterated their outperform rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) in a research note released on Thursday. Macquarie currently has a GBX 4,200 ($52.86) price target on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently weighed in on RIO. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 4,200 ($52.86) price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc from GBX 4,000 ($50.35) to GBX 4,400 ($55.38) and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Liberum Capital reiterated a sell rating and set a GBX 2,400 ($30.21) price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 3,770 ($47.45) price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an outperform rating and set a GBX 400 ($5.03) price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Rio Tinto plc currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 3,439.15 ($43.29). Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) opened at 3003.00 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 54.03 billion. Rio Tinto plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,853.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 3,718.50. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 3,269.82 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 3,159.82. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given “Outperform” Rating at Macquarie” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/rio-tinto-plc-rio-given-outperform-rating-at-macquarie-2.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd were issued a dividend of GBX 100.56 ($1.27) per share. This represents a yield of 2.98%. This is a boost from Rio Tinto plc’s previous dividend of $33.80. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, February 23rd. In other Rio Tinto plc news, insider Jean-Sébastien Jacques sold 3,325 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,618 ($45.54), for a total transaction of £120,298.50 ($151,414.10). About Rio Tinto plc Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Financial News Top Stories News View People Brexit Events & Awards Search Profile ETFs JP Morgan and Fidelity count on brand in battle for ETF assets Newcomers to the smart beta field believe there's still room for firms that can combine a fresh approach and an established name Fidelity is one of two big-name new entrants to Europe's ETF industry By David Ricketts April 19, 2017 1:01 a.m. GMT Competition among Europe's exchange traded fund providers is expected to step up a gear as two fund management behemoths make their first foray into an increasingly crowded sector. JP Morgan Asset Management and Fidelity International are both vying for a slice of the region's fast-growing smart beta industry and hope the strength of their brands and distribution footprints will give them a vital edge over more established... To Read the Full Story, Start Your Free Trial or Sign In Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Roubini: why Trump should tax the rich, but won’t 2. UK fintech warns of Brexit risks to London’s lustre 3. The City vs WhatsApp: Surveillance battles intensify 4. Top-heavy investment banks are rebuilding the pyramid 5. The 10 ways to maintain a long career in finance Top Stories Banks quote rock star prices in rushed research deals Wall Street’s ‘Bull’ sculptor threatens to sue over ‘Girl’ statue Goldman Sachs brings Wall Street’s FICC fest to an end Fund managers: election will give PM a stronger Brexit hand Citi director to run marathon for terror victim’s family FURTHER READING FURTHER READING Politics Fund managers: election will give PM a stronger Brexit hand Fund managers: election will give PM a stronger Brexit hand City fund managers say a Conservative win will lessen May's reliance on Brexit hardliners View Greece can take heat out of debt woe with Icelandic model Greece can take heat out of debt woe with Icelandic model Iceland's response to its sovereign debt problems shows how allowing capitalism to run its course can help a nation address crippling economic woes People People watching offers bankers a fresh approach to cultural change People watching offers bankers a fresh approach to cultural change A practice traditionally used to study remote tribes is being harnessed in an effort to transform the business of banking © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synthomer PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synthomer PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Synthomer PLC (SYNT) Target Price at $459.18 $293.37 Million in Sales Expected for Surgery Partners Inc (SGRY) This Quarter Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades MarineMax Inc (HZO) to “Buy” Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate KLX Inc (KLXI) to Announce $0.30 EPS Five Below Inc (FIVE) Upgraded to Buy by Vetr Inc. Workiva Inc (WK) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $50.71 Million New Relic Inc (NEWR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $71.98 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) to Post -$0.07 EPS $0.19 EPS Expected for Neff Corp (NEFF) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.2 Billion -$0.30 Earnings Per Share Expected for Zosano Pharma Corp (ZSAN) This Quarter Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Callaway Golf Co (ELY) to Buy Analysts Expect Kraton Corp (KRA) to Post ($0.23) Earnings Per Share Engold Mines Ltd (EGM) Director Jeremy Wiebe Acquires 50,000 Shares James Offerdahl Sells 1,000 Shares of Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO) Stock Total Energy Services Inc Acquires 45,000 Shares of Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Stock Colin Stretch Sells 750 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Mark G. Merrill Sells 3,000 Shares of NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) Stock Ryan King Sells 25,625 Shares of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) Stock Analysts Set Synthomer PLC (SYNT) Target Price at $459.18 April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Synthomer PLC (LON:SYNT) have received an average rating of “Hold” from the twelve research firms that are covering the firm. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, four have issued a hold recommendation and six have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 459.18 ($5.78). SYNT has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Berenberg Bank upgraded Synthomer PLC to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 375 ($4.72) to GBX 505 ($6.36) in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 495 ($6.23) target price (up previously from GBX 400 ($5.03)) on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 450 ($5.66) target price on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 368 ($4.63) target price on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reiterated an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 350 ($4.41) target price on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research note on Monday, February 6th. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/analysts-set-synthomer-plc-synt-target-price-at-459-18.html. Shares of Synthomer PLC (LON:SYNT) traded down 1.48% during trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 479.80. 956,894 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 466.65 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 407.08. Synthomer PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 300.30 and a 1-year high of GBX 488.60. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.63 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a dividend of GBX 7.80 ($0.10) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.75%. This is a positive change from Synthomer PLC’s previous dividend of $3.50. Synthomer PLC Company Profile Synthomer Plc is a United Kingdom-based specialty chemical company. The Company supplies lattices and specialty emulsion polymers for markets, including paper and board, constructions and coatings, health and protection, functional polymers, performance polymers, and carpet, compounds and foam. It operates in segments, including Europe and North America (ENA) and Asia and Rest of World (ARW). Receive News & Ratings for Synthomer PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synthomer PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Log in Subscribe Subscriber Services Advertise eEdition Archives WEEU 830AM An All Access or Digital Only subscription is required for unlimited access to readingeagle.com. Current subscriber Activate Now Not a subscriber Subscribe Today (click here) Subscriber Services Make a payment Vacation stop Delivery Complaints Sign up for Autopay Purchase a Subscription Purchase a Gift Subscription Money@ReadingEagle.com News Opinion Sports Life Weekend Business Weekly Berks Country Obituaries Marketplace Classifieds Special Sections Multimedia Berks & Beyond Tri-County Your Community State Nation/World Politics Money Special Projects Weather Traffic Crime Daily Docket Missed A Day Editorial/Letters Columnists Blogs Today's Sports Berks Game Day College Sports Football Baseball Hockey Basketball Reading 120 U.S. Women's Open NASCAR Hunting & Fishing Today's Life Finding Christmas Berks Country Fest Berks Jazz Fest Advice Art Books Entertainment Fashion Fitness Food Gardening Health Home Movies Tony Lucia's Movie House Music Outdoors Parenting People Pets Berks Pets Thoughts on Paws Religion Seniors Theater Travel Voices Celebrations Holiday Lights Eagle Scout Form Holiday Bazaars Form Centenarian Form Profile 2017 Women in Business Beer Section HOME & Real Estate Drive Berks Pets Kutztown 150th Veterans Day Section Special Sections Art On Exhibit Music In Concert Movies Theater On Stage To-Do List First Draft Events Personals Celebrations Purchase Photos Purchase Reprints Subscribe Reader Rewards Big Deal$ Employment Public Notices Yard Sales Videos and Photo Galleries Podcasts Purchase photos New Hires Form Accolades Form News to Use Form Hands on Projects Form Toot Your Own Horn Form The Sound Room Today's Money Mortgage Rates Interest rates Newsmaker Form Business Spotlight Form Suicide: A Whispered Crisis Drug Abuse Crisis The Pope in Philadelphia Newsmakers 2014 Taylor Swift Superstar Gifts of Christmas When Death Means Life Friday Knights Seeking a Vision for Downtown Kutztown Folk Festival Berks Best Graduation 2015 Latinos on the Move THON The Beatles Anniversary Beyond the Bars Failing Care Storm Center Eye on the Weather Penn State Berks Colleges/NCAA Top 25 Men's Basketball Nittany Extra Eagles/NFL Reading Fightins Phillies/MLB Reading Royals Flyers/NHL Sixers/NBA Club Scene Profiles Flyer Wedding Form Engagement Form Anniversary Form Wedding Form Engagement Form Anniversary Form Pottstown at 200 Boyertown 150 Fallen Troubadours Home Money   The Associated Press | Executives at JPMorgan Chase & Co. say they've looked at their bank's sales behavior and have found nothing amiss. Wells Fargo scandal weighs heavily on banks Wednesday April 19, 2017 12:01 AM By Ken Sweet - The Associated Press DALLAS - It's the topic the banking industry can't avoid, even when people prefer not to mention it by name: Wells Fargo. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about "cross-selling" and "incentive compensation." Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. And circulating among Wells Fargo's biggest competitors is the scathing report from the bank's board of directors that laid blame for its toxic sales practices on negligent management. Eager not to be the next Wells Fargo, some other big banks say they are examining their own practices against the board report and actively looking for ways to avoid any sales issues before becoming engulfed in a similar kind of scandal. "Any major occurrence in the industry is going to impact us all," said Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association, the trade and lobbying group that organized the recent CBA Live gathering. Well-read report Wells had by far the most aggressive sales goals among the big banks, and the board's report said the problems date back at least 15 years - but that executives had little interest in dealing with the issue until it spiraled out of control. The board also reclaimed another $75 million in pay from former CEO John Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying they dragged their feet for years. That report has been making its way through top executive offices at nearly every big bank, executives said. JPMorgan Chase's upper management is reviewing the report, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last week. The same is happening over at Citigroup. Both banks have looked at their own sales behavior, and say they found nothing amiss. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Dinofrio declined to say whether executives reviewed the report, but stressed "we feel good about our sales practices." For the industry, the next potential shoe to drop will likely be from federal bank regulator the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, whose bank examiners are combing through each of big bank sales programs. Their findings are expected this summer. And the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is also doing its own investigation. In the meantime, it was clear at CBA Live that managers were actively searching for ideas on how to stop what happened at Wells from potentially occurring at their banks. "We need to do a better job in teaching our front-line employees to speak up when something doesn't smell right," said Ed Dwyer, chief risk officer for community banking at U.S. Bank, to fellow bank executives in a panel. Changes coming? Nearly every breakout panel dealing directly or indirectly with sales practices was filled to capacity, or was standing room-only. They discussed possible industry-wide changes to how bank employees are paid, or allowing typically back-of-house departments of a bank - compliance and risk - to have just as much say on business decisions as the sales and marketing departments. There was even talk about how bank compliance officers should be alerted to any potential whistleblower calls that may exist, typically something a company's human resources department would handle. It's a direct reaction to reports that Wells Fargo employees, who alerted management to the sales practices problems using the bank's ethics hotline, were sometimes fired for speaking out. Earlier this month, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration awarded $5.4 million to a Wells Fargo employee who was fired for raising alarms. Bankers also want to allow move away from specific sales quotas at their branches, such as how many checking accounts or credit cards each employee needs to open. Until this year, Wells Fargo management highlighted its "cross-sell ratio," which is the number of accounts or other services a Wells Fargo customer typically had at the bank. Wells was aiming for as many as eight per household, while most big banks aim to have two to three per customer. After the scandal, Wells got rid of its sales goals and restructured how it pays employees to focus less on opening checking accounts and more on how those bank accounts are actually used. The bank also stopped referring to its branches as "stores." No other banks have made public wholesale changes to their sales programs like Wells Fargo, but nearly all the major banks have or are conducting reviews. "Cross-sell for the sake of cross-sell is going to come back to bite you," said Nitin Mhatre, executive vice president of community banking at Connecticut-based Webster Bank. TODAY'S SPONSOR: ADJUST FONT SIZE: A A A Other Stories Four-run sixth inning helps lift Fightin Phils Reading holds off Akron Brampton nips Royals, takes 2-1 series lead All three games have been decided by the same score, 2-1. Boyertown School Board told of ramifications of closing Pine Forge Elementary School A district administrator said that while positions would be eliminated, there likely would be no terminations or layoffs. Girls soccer: Exeter names Gingrich coach Emily Gingrich was a standout player at Gov. Mifflin, Saint Joseph's Welcome guest! | subscribe | log in Want to know the big stories of the day? Sign up for Reading Eagle Top Stories e-newsletter. A daily email will include links to the day's top stories in News, Life, Sports and more. QUICK LINKS   Editorial News Money Sports Berks GameDay Life Voices Business Weekly Berks Country Weekend Content Columnists Blogs eEdition Archives TVTimes Special Sections Lottery Opinion Obituaries Events Calendar Marketplace BIGdeal$ Celebrations Reader Rewards Reading Eagle Store Reproductions Internet Directory Services Contact Us Subscriber Services Subscriber Loyalty Events FAQs Advertise With Us Feedback User Submissions Newspaper in Education Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Mobile RSS Alerts Classified Find A Job Find A Car Find A Rental Find A Home Find A Date Find Merchandise loading... What people are reading Most Popular 1. Body found in pond in Cumru Township 2. Former Muhlenberg School Board member admits to role in scrap metal theft 3. Brothers want to keep Bowl-O-Rama open 4. Troopers arrest wanted Hamburg couple 5. Reading police looking for shooting suspect 6. Suspect in Facebook video killing shoots himself to death in Pennsylvania 7. 3 students join transgender lawsuit at Boyertown 8. Fire destroys attached garage of Alsace Township home (VIDEO) 9. Reading Steak Shack offers 'A Philly Authentic' 10. Reading police investigate reports of shooting Reader Photo Galleries Reading celebration reader photo gallery Reader photos from Christmas at FirstEnergy Stadium Illustrations by freshmen at Boyertown Junior High West Showcase: Artwork of Brandywine Heights students Showcase: Artwork of Daniel Tetreault Showcase: Work of Adam Dautrich Jones Showcase: Work of Anna Laczkowski Showcase: Week of March 15 Readers' photos from the Jan. 23 snowstorm Holiday Lights in Berks 2015 Holiday Lights Around Berks Sketchbook Contest grades 6-8 Trophy Room Around Berks Nature Snow Days Travel News as it Happens Eye on the Weather Submit your photos! Purchase Daily Photos Editorial News Money Sports Berks GameDay Life Voices Business Weekly Berks Country Weekend Opinion Obituaries Content Columnists Blogs eEdition Archives TVTimes Special Sections Events Marketplace Classified Directory Find A Job Find A Car Find A Rental Find A Home Find A Date Find Merchandise Celebrations Reader Rewards Reproductions Big Deal$ Services Contact Us Subscriber Services FAQs Advertise With Us Lottery Feedback User Submissions Newspaper in Education Internet Directory Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Mobile RSS Alerts Reading Eagle Company 345 Penn Street . Reading . PA . 19603 . 610.371.5000 Contact us | Archives | Subscribe | Privacy policy | Advertise with us ©2013-2014 Reading Eagle Company, All Rights Reserved - These links are not endorsements of any products or services in such sites , and no information in such site has been endorsed or approved by this site.
Indian firms and H1B visas | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Tue, Apr 18 2017. 10 11 PM IST How Union Bank was hacked and got its money back Union Bank of India recently fell prey to hacking—robbing the lender of $171 million—but the hackers made a silly mistake Subscribe to our newsletter. Gopika GopakumarLeslie D'Monte The Union Bank of India hacking was triggered after an employee clicked on a phishing email that released malware into the bank’s servers. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Mumbai: It was just another Friday for the hundreds of office goers who were jostling with each other to get to their own work places in and around the corporate office of the Union Bank of India at Nariman Point in Mumbai. Even those queuing up in the early hours at the cash counters across the 4,233 branches and 7,946 ATMs of the bank spread across India, were calmly going about their tasks— depositing money or withdrawing cash. However, those early hours of 21 July 2016, were going to be anything but ordinary for the chairman and managing director of Union Bank, Arun Tiwari, who also sits in the corporate office—the Union Bank Bhavan. Happily going about his routine tasks of reading newspapers, sipping a cup of tea and updating himself of the goings-on in the bank, Tiwari was just settling in when his phone rang. He still remembers the time. “It was around 10.30am when I was informed that an unidentified hacker was attempting to swindle us of $171 million (about Rs1,100 crore at today’s rates) from our Nostro account.” A Nostro account is an account that a bank holds in a foreign currency in another bank. All hell should have broken loose. But Tiwari, who insists that he is a “non-technical” person kept his cool. “The thing uppermost in my mind was that I had to quickly get onto the money trail and recover the money.” That was easier said than done. By the time the Union Bank official in the treasury department, who was reconciling the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payments for the day realized that an amount of $171 million had already been debited from the dollar account of the bank without his authorization, the money had travelled far and wide. The money had found its way to accounts in two banks in Cambodia—the Canadia Bank Plc and RHB IndoChina Bank Ltd, besides the Siam Commercial Bank in Thailand, Bank Sinopac in Taiwan, and a bank in Australia. These funds were routed by Citibank New York and JP Morgan Chase New York, which hold UBI’s foreign exchange accounts. Even as Tiwari informed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the ministry of external affairs and Gulshan Rai, director general of the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), to apprise them of the matter and take advice, he simultaneously sent a terse message instructing all the staff at Union Bank Bhavan that “a whole floor on that building was to be cordoned off, and that all staff members working to solve this problem would only leave after the matter was resolved”. “Inspection investigation was done by CERT-In, RBI, our own team,” Tiwari recalls, adding that he also appointed consulting firm EY “the same night”. EY said “as far operations are concerned, you are ahead of time. Whatever was required to be done, as a non-technical person, has already been done.” How did it exactly happen? First, the bank had to know what exactly had gone wrong and how the hackers got access to Union Bank’s servers. Did an insider assist in the task or was it a breach by an external device? It appears, it was neither. Rather, it was an email from a very authentic source— (RBI)—with an attachment. “This email was sent to a few email IDs, and some of them were from customer care, e-banking and some were addressed to individuals too. It might have happened even before 20 July,” Tiwari recalls. Kartik Shinde, partner, advisory services, EY, recalls receiving a call at 10pm that night. “Which PSU (public sector undertaking) bank in India has that ability to take that call? I know of two-three others, who started evaluating vendors, took prices from them. UBI said start the work and we will give whatever the fees. You need to have someone authoritative in the bank like the chairman who will take the call saying that I will take the necessary approvals from CVC (Central Vigilance Commission) and all others but get this analysis done sooner because the more time you spent analysing it, you are giving more lead time for attackers to cover up their tracks, to get out of the system,” he said. It wasn’t that Union Bank was the specific target. Shinde insists that “I wouldn’t say it was a random pick. If I have to break into this network, I will send the payload or malware to all employees. It doesn’t matter who clicks on the link. The hacker simply wants to access the system from where he will do the transaction.” This is also what happened in Union Bank’s case. The “phishing”—an attempt to obtain sensitive information such as usernames, passwords and other financial details by pretending to be a trustworthy entity—mails were sent to 15 email IDs. “Three people reported that the email was suspicious to the IT security. The other Union Bank employees were “technically-savvy” persons. They noticed that although the email address said @rbi.org.in, it had an attachment that a zip file. Within the zip file, there was a dot (xer) file and not a dot pdf file, which is why they reported it as suspicious,” Shinde said. Unfortunately, one of the “not-so-tech-savvy” Union Bank officials fell prey to the phishing email and clicked on the link which released the malware that went viral on the bank’s servers. The hackers would have got their way and swindled the cash but for a silly mistake they made, according to Shinde. When a bank does a SWIFT transaction during the day, they typically get a reconciliation report the next day and all the corresponding banks send them the “end-of-the-day balance” report the following morning. When Union Bank got it from the originating bank, they saw a difference of $170 million and that alerted them because of one mistake—the hackers deleted the six entries they had made. “That’s why we say it’s quite similar to the Bangladesh online heist (theft of $81 million from the central bank of Bangladesh in February 2016). If they had not deleted the entries, it would have taken some more time for the bank to realise that there are fraudulent transactions,” Shinde explained. Every bank runs a reconciliation process at the end of the day. The malware that infected the central bank of Bangladesh, too, had a component which manipulated the SWIFT’s prt file. The prt file is a print file which usually prints the report of transactions for that day. For instance, if the report shows 106 transactions when they have actually done only 100 transactions, the discrepancy will come to light. This is one reason why the hackers deleted the six transactions in the Union Bank episode. However, this is also the reason that the hack was discovered. So what did Union Bank do? Shinde recalls some RBI officials being there when the forensics began. “The CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) had not come yet. The cybercrime cell officials were there. Traditional police mentality was it must be some insider,” Shinde said. Even a First Information Report (FIR) was filed almost a month after the incident, according to Tiwari. “It took us sometime to zero down on the fact that the attack was similar to what happened in the Bangladesh case,” Shinde explained. EY officials went about doing an analysis of the server and “some network forensics”. They, thus, narrowed down on the systems involved. “Imaging takes 48 hours, indexing takes 24 hours. For instance, when you put a system to do imaging of the disk, it takes two days for a 2 terrabyte (TB) hard disk. There is a lot of time lag that happens. We had a tough time facing the regulators and security officers. It was a high-pressure environment. RBI used to call us every day, asking us what happened. We had to tell them that analysis takes time,” Shinde said. The problem, according to Shinde, is that EY had access only to a “limited set of logs”. Organizations, according to Shinde, typically keep logs in the system for a period of 2-4 months and not for 1-2 years. The reason is also that the data is humongous. “If someone had the ability to analyse a two-year log, you’d have different answers coming out. It’s very difficult. So attribution of zeroing down on a particular geography is very difficult.” In UBI’s case, the UBI employee was sitting in the Mumbai office. But he could have been anywhere. Given that networks of most organizations are flat, SWIFT networks are not segregated—one computer can reach the other computer very easily, according to Shinde. The objective of the attacker is to infect anyone and then start searching for critical systems within the network. In technical terms, it’s called lateral movement, Shinde explained. After analyzing the problem with the “limited resources” on hand, Union Bank delinked its “380-odd SWIFT pan-India connections” in a bid to centralize operations. “Then we created space in this building (Union Bank Bhavan), and had around 40 hotline operators manning the phones. I had told them that nobody will leave till such time that this is put in place and tested,” Tiwari explained. The ploy worked. As regulation necessitates, Union Bank informed the exchanges on 22 July that “…there was an attempted cyber incidence in USD Nostro Account of the bank. The money trail was promptly traced and movement of funds was blocked. Resultantly, there is no loss caused to the bank”. “What pains me —in cricket, we call this a late run. The headlines (referring to reports that appeared a year after the heist) are screaming as if this happened yesterday,” Tiwari rued. He added, “We had, and have, concurrent manual checks too. In all these kinds of heists, money is lost or partly retrieved. Credence must be given that we did not lose a single cent. We recovered about 70% of the money within 24 hours. The last tranche of $30 million took me 50-60 hours because of a legal process.” But isn’t prevention better than cure? Union Bank, according to the 22 July press statement to the exchanges, added that a cybersecurity forensic audit was being done to “identify, plug any gaps and strengthen the system. “There is no impact on the Bank’s operations,” the note concluded. The question that begs an answer—one which even Tiwari could not answer satisfactorily—is who was to blame for the lapse: Union Bank or SWIFT? Kiran Shetty, CEO of SWIFT India, insisted that “SWIFT’s system has not been compromised. We have not got a cyber report from Union Bank or any forensic report from them. The investigation is closely held by them. In most cases, when cyber attacks happen, people are not forthcoming with information. We have not been exposed to full details.” “Globally, there are controls and principles we are defining. We are revisiting the vendors that we have in terms of our connection. We have never been compromised. We are only doing pieces to further strengthen the evolution of our system. We are doing roadshows across five cities in India along with the Indian Banks Association talking about cyber security controls, cyber hygiene, etc,” Shetty said. Shetty, though, acknowledged that “cyber threat is real and is growing”. According to him, the pace of digitization that we have seen in the last decade and at a more accelerated pace, requires the same level of investment on the cyber side as well. The regulator (RBI), he added, has introduced regulations around a CISO (chief information and security officer) directly reporting to the board. There is also a customer security programme where “we are now mandating 27 controls, of which 16 are mandates and 11 are advisory. If you don’t have 16, we will start reporting to the regulator.” Implementation of all these regulations will have to be done by the end of the year. Even Tiwari expressed his inability to share a copy of the forensics report. “I cannot share further details because even I don’t have a copy,” he said. Tiwari, however, pointed out that the measures his bank has undertaken after the incident last July included the “most stringent filtering, awareness of employees, whitelisting (proactive security technique that only allows a limited set of approved programs to run while blocking the others), BIOS passwords (to prevent external devices from accessing computers and servers) and engagement with regional office levels constantly”. He added, though, that even as the bank was fortifying its IT platform “trying to see how to make your processes efficient”, he would not rule out future cyber attacks. “We have put the best IT guys on the jobs and even a CISO but the fact is that however many locks you put on the door, a burglary can still take place. The point is to remain alert and put measures in place, which we have done already,” Tiwari insisted. Shinde concurred that cyber crimes are well thought and well researched most of the times. Even when EY does cyber attack simulations, the first part is the reconnaissance phase. “It’s like in any war on an attack, you first do a thorough reconnaissance on the target to see how weak they are, what controls are there, who to target first, what are the avenues for entry, how many avenues are there,” Shinde explained. Shinde added that one can easily pick up and sniff out email addresses from employees putting news on groups, public forums. “It’s possible that Union Bank, too, could have been targeted via a reconnaissance exercise. This is just one bank which has come out in the open. We don’t know how many banks are there who have gone through the same incident and not reported it to the regulator,” Shinde said, concluding, “Even if you fix everything, you cannot rule out the chance that it will not happen again. In UBI’s case, they responded faster. Today, the response time is critical.” Incidents of hacking in recent times —Federal prosecutors are investigating North Korea’s possible role in a SWIFT hack that resulted in the theft of $81 million from the central bank of Bangladesh in February 2016, according to a 15 April report in the New York Times. Security researchers found that traces of code used in the Bangladesh theft had been used in a cyber attack against Sony in 2014, which the Obama administration and security experts blamed North Korean hackers for carrying out, the report added. Soon after RBI asked Indian banks to immediately put in place a cyber security policy. —Card data of 3.2 million customers was stolen between 25 May and 10 July in 2016 from a network of Yes Bank Ltd ATMs managed by Hitachi Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. —Axis Bank reported cyber security breach in October 2016; malware found in its server; no monetary loss reported. —Bank of Maharashtra lost Rs25 crore when a bug in the Unified Payments Interface (UPI) system allowed people to send money without having the necessary funds in their accounts earlier this year. —On 8 April SBI ATM in Odisha spews out cash without any card being swiped. Physical malware attack suspected in these ATMs. Gopika GopakumarLeslie D'Monte Topics: Union Bank of India hacking bank accounts phishing email Union Bank hacked More From Livemint READ MORE Space debris problem getting worse: scientists Jet Airways Indian pilots allege ‘step-motherly’ treatment Why Donald Trump’s curbs on H1B visas are good for Tim Cook, Sundar Pichai First Published: Mon, Apr 17 2017. 04 38 AM IST Editor's Picks SoftBank may invest $1.5 billion in Paytm As US visa troubles deepen, more Indians look to come back BigBasket and Grofers start merger talks Latest News Space debris problem getting worse: scientists Jet Airways Indian pilots allege ‘step-motherly’ treatment Why Donald Trump’s curbs on H1B visas are good for Tim Cook, Sundar Pichai IPL 2017: Chris Gayle, Chahal power RCB to 21-run win over Gujarat Lions Donald Trump mulls military options for North Korea Mint On Sunday The fairy tale rise of Aizawl FC India’s African heritage Honey, I know what you did last night Letter from... the Republic of Jugaad Jellyfisher Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Goldman Misses Big on Trading, Trails Rivals Badly -- 7th Update ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Goldman Misses Big on Trading, Trails Rivals Badly -- 7th Update By Liz Hoffman Published April 18, 2017 Features Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print A rare trading stumble from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. ended a streak of strong earnings for big U.S. banks and set the Wall Street powerhouse, fresh off a leadership transition, on its heels early in the year. Continue Reading Below Goldman reported first-quarter net income of $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share, on revenue of $8.03 billion. All three figures were better than a year ago, but fell below what Wall Street analysts had ballparked. The reason: a 2.4% decline from a year earlier in all-important trading revenue, which was well behind results reported by rivals. The lackluster result shows that for all its postcrisis changes--dialing down risk, adding consumer-facing businesses and embracing lending--Goldman still lives and dies by the unpredictable and unforgiving business of swapping stocks, bonds and commodities. The rare misstep comes amid a transition atop the firm. Gary Cohn, the former No. 2 to Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein, departed for a job in the White House in December and was replaced by a new pair of top lieutenants. R. Martin Chavez, who takes over as chief financial officer later this month, spent his first analyst-earnings call explaining the misstep. "We didn't navigate the market well," Mr. Chavez said. "There are always things we can do better... but no one quarter defines the franchise." Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Goldman shares fell 5%. The biggest contributor to the Dow Jones' Industrial Average's post-election run, Goldman shares have been the index's biggest laggard this year as investors' exuberance about the Trump administration's agenda has worn off. Goldman's results were in contrast to big-bank rivals. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. beat estimates last week, powered by huge trading gains, and Bank of America Corp. followed suit Tuesday. Morgan Stanley reports Wednesday. Goldman's return on equity, a closely watched measure of profitability, was 11.4% in the first quarter, though it would have been 8.9% without a tax adjustment. That's below the bank's theoretical cost of capital of around 10%, a threshold Goldman rarely falls below. Investors were expecting a better performance, in part, because the Federal Reserve in recent months has twice raised interest rates. That bodes well for trading businesses as investors buy products to protect themselves from future increases and bet on diverging rates. But Goldman didn't get the boost seen elsewhere. Its fixed-income revenue was essentially flat versus a year earlier, while J.P. Morgan posted a 17% gain, Citigroup was up 19% and Bank of America led with a 29% increase. Mr. Chavez blamed calm markets, which present clients with fewer opportunities to make wagers on price moves. For example, the price of U.S. crude oil hasn't been this stable in more than two years, by one measure. That stings Goldman, which is bigger in commodities trading than rivals. In other areas, Goldman tripped while rivals shone. Bank of America singled out corporate-bond trading as a bright spot, while Goldman said that dragged on its results. The Charlotte-based bank also generated $1 billion more in overall fixed-income trading revenue than Goldman, the largest-ever gap between the two firms. "Hard to put lipstick on these results," UBS Group AG analysts wrote in a note to clients. Goldman's trading desk hasn't been Wall Street's biggest by revenue in years, eclipsed after the financial crisis by J.P. Morgan and others. But it has long been seen as its fiercest and most profitable, relying on its brains rather than brawn. Making matters worse, the first quarter is typically the strongest for trading desks as investors reposition portfolios for the new year. The slow start is also likely to raise questions about whether the firm has the right mix of trading clients. Goldman's traditional strength in peddling complex trading products to hedge funds, a high-margin business, once powered its results. But that focus became a liability in recent years as these clients struggled with poor returns and investor preference shifted to simpler widgets that, for example, protect against currency or interest-rate swings. Goldman has pushed over the past year or so to emphasize those plain-vanilla products and do more trading business with corporations and asset managers. Mr. Chavez said Tuesday that the firm's efforts in that area were still under way. The bank also reshuffled leadership in its fixed-income trading business last fall and has been heavily courting so-called quantitative funds. These use algorithms, rather than human hands, to trade heavy volumes of securities. Revenue in Goldman's investment-banking division, which advises on mergers and acquisitions and corporate fundraisings, rose 16% on a surge in stock offerings. The firm held off a late-quarter challenge from Morgan Stanley to retain its M&A crown. But there are warning signs there, too. Merger fees fell 1.9% from last year and the bank's pipeline of future deals has shrunk. Even Goldman's faster-growing businesses aren't yet big enough to make up for a blunder in core trading activities. Since the crisis, the firm has tiptoed into areas such as consumer lending and asset management, which have more stable revenue. For example, revenue at Goldman's investment-management division, which handles money for pension funds, wealthy families and others, rose 12% from a year earlier. And Marcus, the firm's new online personal-lending business, is nearing $1 billion in loans outstanding after launching just six months ago, according to people familiar with the matter. Write to Liz Hoffman at liz.hoffman@wsj.com A rare trading stumble from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. ended a streak of strong earnings for big U.S. banks and set the Wall Street powerhouse, fresh off a leadership transition, on its heels early in the year. Goldman reported first-quarter net income of $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share, on revenue of $8.03 billion. All three figures were better than a year earlier but fell below what Wall Street analysts had forecast. The reason: a 2.4% decline from a year earlier in all-important trading revenue, which was well behind results reported by rivals. The lackluster result shows that for all of its postcrisis changes -- dialing down risk, adding consumer-facing businesses and embracing lending -- the unpredictable and unforgiving business of swapping stocks, bonds and commodities remains critical to Goldman's fortunes. Of course, one quarter of weakness is far from a trend, and investors still view Goldman as having one of the strongest trading franchises on Wall Street. The firm had a dismal first quarter in 2016 as well, only for results to bounce back later in the year. But the rare misstep comes amid a transition atop the firm. Gary Cohn, the former No. 2 to Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein, departed for a job in the White House in December and was succeeded by a new pair of top lieutenants. R. Martin Chavez, who takes over as chief financial officer later this month, spent his first analyst earnings call explaining the misstep. "We didn't navigate the market well," Mr. Chavez said. "There are always things we can do better...but no one quarter defines the franchise." Goldman shares fell 4.7% Tuesday. The biggest contributor to the Dow Jones Industrial Average's postelection run, Goldman shares have been the index's biggest laggard this year as investors' skepticism about enactment of the Trump administration's agenda has increased. Goldman's results contrast with those of big-bank rivals. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. beat estimates last week, powered by huge trading gains, and Bank of America Corp. followed suit Tuesday. Morgan Stanley is scheduled to report Wednesday. Goldman's return on equity, a closely watched measure of profitability, was 11.4% in the first quarter, though it would have been 8.9% without a tax adjustment. That is below the bank's theoretical cost of capital of around 10%, a threshold Goldman rarely falls below. Investors expected a better performance, in part because the Federal Reserve in recent months has twice raised interest rates. That bodes well for trading businesses as investors buy products to protect themselves from future increases and bet on interest rates moving in different directions. But Goldman didn't get the boost seen elsewhere. Its fixed-income revenue was essentially flat compared with a year earlier, while J.P. Morgan posted a 17% gain, Citigroup was up 19% and Bank of America led with a 29% increase. Mr. Chavez blamed calm markets, which present clients with fewer opportunities to make wagers on price moves. For example, the price of U.S. crude oil hasn't been this stable in more than two years, by one measure. That stings Goldman, which is bigger in commodities trading than rivals. In other areas, Goldman tripped while rivals shone. Bank of America singled out corporate-bond trading as a bright spot, while Goldman said that dragged on its results. The Charlotte, N.C.-based bank also generated $1 billion more in overall fixed-income trading revenue than Goldman, the largest-ever gap between the two firms. "Hard to put lipstick on these results," UBS Group AG analysts wrote in a note to clients. Goldman's trading desk hasn't been Wall Street's biggest by revenue in years, eclipsed by J.P. Morgan and others. But it has long been seen as its fiercest and most profitable, relying on its brains rather than size. Making matters worse, the first quarter is typically the strongest for trading desks as investors reposition portfolios for the new year. The slow start is also likely to raise questions about whether the firm has the right mix of trading clients. Goldman's traditional strength in peddling complex trading products to hedge funds, a high-margin business, once powered its results. But that focus became a liability in recent years as these clients struggled with poor returns and investor preference shifted to simpler widgets that, for example, protect against currency or interest-rate swings. Goldman has pushed over the past year or so to emphasize those plain-vanilla products and do more trading business with corporations and asset managers. Mr. Chavez said Tuesday that the firm's efforts in that area were still under way. The bank also shuffled leadership in its fixed-income trading business last fall and has been heavily courting quantitative funds. These use algorithms, rather than human hands, to trade heavy volumes of securities. Revenue in Goldman's investment-banking division, which advises on mergers and acquisitions and corporate fundraisings, rose 16% on a surge in stock offerings. The firm held off a late-quarter challenge from Morgan Stanley to retain its M&A crown. There are warning signs there, too. Merger fees fell 1.9% from last year and the bank's pipeline of future deals has shrunk. Even Goldman's faster-growing businesses aren't yet big enough to make up for a blunder in core trading activities. Since the crisis, the firm has invested in areas such as consumer lending and asset management, which have more stable revenue. For example, revenue at Goldman's investment-management division, which handles money for pension funds, wealthy families and others, rose 12% from a year earlier. And Marcus, the firm's new online personal-lending business, is nearing $1 billion in loans outstanding after launching just six months ago, according to people familiar with the matter. Write to Liz Hoffman at liz.hoffman@wsj.com (END) Dow Jones Newswires April 18, 2017 21:06 ET (01:06 GMT) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, April 19, 2017 3:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Alarm sounds in emerging currencies for top Asia forecaster Wednesday April 19, 2017 11:38 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years The Edit: French ‘human hen’ artist hatches first chick The Edit: Adidas slammed for tone-deaf email The Edit: Pitbull adds Malaysia tour date Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article South Korea’s won, Indonesia’s rupiah and Thailand’s baht will all decline more than 2 per cent in the next nine months, according to Wells Fargo forecasts. — Reuters picSINGAPORE, April 19 — Beware the rally in emerging-market currencies: The best quarterly performance in almost seven years is about to reverse. That’s the message from the mostaccurate forecaster of developing-nation Asian currencies last quarter: Wells Fargo & Co. “We don’t see continued appreciation through the rest of the year,” said Nicholas Bennenbroek, head of currency strategy at the US bank in New York. “Federal Reserve interest-rate increases should continue at a steady pace, which should weigh on most foreign currencies, including Asian currencies.” South Korea’s won, Indonesia’s rupiah and Thailand’s baht will all decline more than 2 per cent in the next nine months, according to Wells Fargo forecasts. The rupee and the peso will also weaken, but will be more resilient due to the hawkishness of the Indian and Philippine central banks, said Bennenbroek. The Bloomberg-JPMorgan Asia Dollar Index, which tracks 10 regional currencies excluding the yen, rose 2.5 per cent in the three months to March, the most since the quarter through September 2010. Bennenbroek shared his views in an email interview last week: Why the negativity on Asian currencies? “Among the contributing factors to the solid performance of Asian currencies during the first quarter was the strength of global equity markets, and periods of corrective US dollar weakness following rate hikes in December and March. We don’t expect the pace of equity-market gains will match their recent rapid pace, and indeed there may be periods of weakness. A less favourable global equity market environment will also remove a source of support for Asian currencies.” Why will the rupee and peso outperform? “Most Asian currencies should decline versus the greenback, although there should be winners and losers.” The rupee will be relatively resilient due to India’s solid economy and a reasonably prudent and neutral monetary policy that is “leaning hawkish rather than dovish,” and sound external accounts. Strong economic growth and the possibility of rate hikes are supportive factors for the peso. The peso will drop 1.2 per cent to 50.25 per dollar over the next nine months, while the rupee will decline 1.3 per cent to 65.50, Wells Fargo forecasts. Apart from the Fed, what are the other risks? The won will weaken due to subdued economic growth, an on-hold central bank and some softening in Korea’s external accounts that has made the currency more sensitive to global events. The main risks that Asian currencies will underperform Wells Fargo forecasts are financial-market instability or economic disappointment in China, or challenging trade negotiations and relationships with the US, he said. That would be particularly negative for the yuan and the won. There are also geopolitical risks related to North Korea, which would probably impact South Korea the most. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years, but below forecast Ringgit at 4.4070/4100 against US greenback Alarm sounds in emerging currencies for top Asia forecaster KL shares open slightly lower, but rebounded thereafter Dollar kicked by ascendant sterling after May calls UK vote (VIDEO) Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion United Airlines CEO won’t resign Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Queen announce European tour dates First teaser for ‘Kingsman: The Golden Circle’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Ringgit hits lowest since 1998, Asia FX dented by Fed outlook Emerging currencies, including ringgit, to remain volatile next year, World Bank official says Firm dollar undermines emerging Asian currencies, ringgit around eight-month low Cautious support for emerging currencies against US dollar Emerging stocks join global rally as currencies slide Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Trump seeks reforms for tech visa program Prosecutors file lists of thousands of Dookhan cases for dismissal Annie Dookhan chased renown on a path paved with lies Is ‘S-Town’ art or exploitation? It’s complicated. Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Bank of America 1stquarter profits up 40% E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share AMark Lennihan/P Chief executive Brian Moynihan expressed optimism. “The US economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that.” Also, the bank added 549 employees in the first quarter, the first increase since 2011. By Laura J. Keller Bloomberg News  April 18, 2017 Bank of America Corp. posted a 40 percent increase in first-quarter profit, fueled by stronger trading revenue, and added employees for the first time in more than five years as chief executive Brian Moynihan expressed optimism about the US economy. Fixed-income trading revenue rose 29 percent to $2.93 billion, the second-biggest US bank said Tuesday in a statement, beating analysts’ $2.6 billion average estimate. Equity trading revenue also was better than expected, climbing 7.4 percent to $1.1 billion. Advertisement “The US economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that,” Moynihan said in the statement. Bank of America added 549 employees in the quarter, the first increase since the third quarter of 2011. Last week, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. also reported robust first-quarter revenue from bond trading. JPMorgan, the largest US bank by assets, posted a 17 percent gain in fixed-income trading revenue, while Citigroup generated the most revenue from that business in three years. That contrasts with Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which on Tuesday posted worse-than-expected fixed-income results. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Bank stocks have climbed since November’s US election in part on expectations that Federal Reserve rate increases would boost profits. Charlotte, N.C.-based Bank of America, which is among the most sensitive to interest-rate changes, has led the surge among the country’s biggest lenders, gaining 38 percent through Monday. Net interest income climbed 5.5 percent to $11.1 billion from a year earlier, exceeding the firm’s forecast. Net interest margin — the difference between what a bank charges for loans and pays depositors — rose 16 basis points to 2.39 percentage points from the previous quarter, the biggest jump among large US banks. The firm expects a $150 million increase in interest income in the second quarter from the previous three-month period, chief financial officer Paul Donofrio said on a call with analysts. Brian Kleinhanzl, a Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc. analyst, called the forecast “disappointing.” Advertisement The bank’s “guidance raises concerns about the long end of the curve,” said Kleinhanzl, whose second-quarter estimate of net interest income is $11.45 billion. “If the long end of the curve does not pick up then our, and the street’s, NII forecast may prove to be too optimistic.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading United Airlines’ boss Oscar Munoz should have followed this four-point checklist  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies Macroscope by Richard Harris United Airlines’ boss Oscar Munoz should have followed this four-point checklist ‘After years of experience of delicate situations, I came to realise that it is almost 100 per cent better to tell the whole truth’ PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 19 April, 2017, 9:51am UPDATED : Wednesday, 19 April, 2017, 12:46pm Comments:   Richard Harris Share PrintEmail Related topics Macroscope Related Articles Global Economy As ‘dealmaker’ Trump pivots on China, things are looking up 18 Apr 2017 Global Economy This is a good moment to sell everything 17 Apr 2017 Global Economy Why everybody was wrong in calling the bond market 13 Apr 2017 In the movie Too Big to Fail, the narrator lists all the bosses who went to jail for allowing their companies to pump up debt levels so high that it lead to the 2008 financial collapse. Then he says, “Actually, that’s not true. Nobody went to jail!” Big corporate bosses make horrendous mistakes and usually get away scot-free. Lesson 101 in Chief Executive School after such is to round up the usual suspects and fire someone junior, perhaps destroying their career with a self-serving press release. The next step is to say that “only hindsight” could have figured out the problem and naturally they cannot resign because only they can sort out the mess. Security guards (bouncers rather than policemen) utilised by United Airlines punched the lights out of an elderly 69-year-old doctor to get him off an overbooked plane. Junior staff had managed to get some passengers to alight by offering money. Why not bid more? It may have cost them US$1,500 to allow the doctor to see his patients but that is irrelevant for an airline making US$36 billion in annual revenue. David Dao’s lawsuit could cost United millions in compensation after an expensive court battle and massive loss of reputation. Was it worth it? It is not all the fault of the hapless Oscar Munoz, CEO of United Airlines, who has had a torrid time on social media. Just a day after United’s incident, Easyjet ruined a family holiday for overbooking but quickly apologised and admitted “human error”. Munoz blamed a “system failure”. This he partially inherited; but his big mistake was his incompetence in handling the aftermath – and that is not acceptable from someone who last year earned HK$52 million. Corporate muck ups happen of course and the litany of corporate disasters is long. Samsung’s Note 7 phone kept exploding; BP’s Deepwater Horizon oil rig fire almost destroyed the company; Takada’s airbag recall did, JP Morgan’s London Whale trading losses cost shareholders (like myself) reportedly as much as US$7 billion. Their executives badly handled the fallout and were duly mugged by social media or grandstanding politicians. Munoz reacted to the news by calling the passenger “disruptive and belligerent” before even seeing the video. He forgot CEO lesson No 2; “The Customer is always right”. He was unprepared, uncertain, and out of his depth for his planned mea culpa television interview with network ABC – certain only in the fact that he was not going to resign. Most CEO’s hide behind a carapace of staff, but facing their customers is part of the job. Since then, Munoz has grovelled but leaves a feeling that his new-found humility stems from the presence of video evidence and social media. His actions caused more damage than the incident. Johnson & Johnson demonstrated the classic way to handle a corporate crisis after seven people were poisoned in 1982 after an unknown assailant tampered with their pain relief drug, Tylenol. It is today a respected brand because J&J immediately pulled the product from the shelves, stopped advertising, called in the police, warned people with loudspeakers, developed tamper-proof packaging, and posted a reward. They took immediate action and ate immediate humble pie. CEO lesson No 3 is to immediately act in favour of the customer. Crawling up the slippery pole to become CEO often means protecting yourself with layers of staff. High pay is intended to attract the best talent but there are few CEO’s so good as to be irreplaceable. You can buy a lot of talent for HK$52 million, including myself. After years of experience of delicate situations, I came to realise that it is almost 100 per cent better to tell the whole truth. It is believable; the story has no holes; and it makes the listener feel trusted and part of the solution. Mistakes happen. CEO lesson No 4 is to tell the truth. United’s first instinct was to dissemble. CEO’s are paid the big bucks to have wisdom, foresight, and to expect the unexpected. They need to be honest and generous with the people who pay their wages. They have to be special. Social media will find out poor public performers like Munoz. But CEO’s will continue to save their skins by sacrificing staff – as the first world war soldier’s ditty puts it: “It’s the same the whole world over, it’s the poor what’s get the blame, it’s the rich what gets the pleasure, and its all a ***** shame.” Richard Harris is a veteran investment manager, banker, writer, broadcaster and financial expert witness business-article-page More articles by Richard Harris We are beginning to get the shape and feel of the Trump era 13 Apr 2017 - 10:36pm 2 It may be time for the US to clip North Korea’s wings 5 Apr 2017 - 10:44pm 9 A competition regulator is the only hope for Hong Kong 30 Mar 2017 - 10:52pm 9   Most Popular Viewed 1 Minsheng Bank sees investor trust vanish after 3b yuan ‘disappears’ 2 China eases yuan outflow control in sign of boosted confidence 3 Hong Kong’s second-hand flat hunters have no time to think 4 Xi is picking his battles, and letting old power brokers be, for now 5 United Airlines’ CEO should have followed this four-point checklist Shared 1 China eases yuan outflow control in sign of boosted confidence 2 Minsheng Bank sees investor trust vanish after 3b yuan ‘disappears’ 3 Hong Kong’s second-hand flat hunters have no time to think 4 Xi is picking his battles, and letting old power brokers be, for now 5 Hong Kong’s listing reform survey draws a loud ‘nay’ Commented 1 What military strike? US fleet thousands of kilometres from North Korea 2 Chinese need to accept United’s actions were not racist 3 Hong Kong’s second-hand flat hunters have no time to think 4 U-turn as call for Occupy amnesty flops 5 Artist Ai Weiwei takes to social media after HSBC rejects application Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017 SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like China More Chinese flocking back home after studying abroad 17 Apr 2017 - 8:27am 71 Zero Carbon Building reveals Hong Kong's eco-home potential In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong ‘Nano’ flats on the rise amid high property prices 17 Apr 2017 - 10:59pm 9 [SCMP Archive] Mothers’ love Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School Insight & Opinion How culture shock means sure turbulence on US-China flights 18 Apr 2017 - 9:07am 24 China ‘Hong Kong separatism’ on Communist Party security agenda 16 Apr 2017 - 8:13am 34 Hong Kong Why more and more Hong Kong women are falling victim to online dating scams 16 Apr 2017 - 3:28am 57 Geopolitics China’s trade corridor dream caught in India-Pakistan espionage saga 15 Apr 2017 - 11:00am 7 China Five reasons why the US cannot attack North Korea 19 Apr 2017 - 11:52am 74 Politics Why China wants Malaysia on the major-port radar 15 Apr 2017 - 1:21pm 103 Politics Why South Korea needs to fix its own polluting ways 15 Apr 2017 - 2:02pm 1 China Any nations that trigger a Korean conflict will pay the price, China warns 19 Apr 2017 - 12:39pm 56 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home Contact Us Editorial & Research Privacy Policy Terms Home Business Technology Markets Internet Earnings About Editorial & Research Contact Us Advertising Locations April 18, 2017 Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) Jumps 1.40% in Pre-Session Trading Profits at Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) soared in the first quarter of the year, powered by gains in its global banking unit. The US bank said net income was $4.35bn (£3.44bn) in the quarter, up 44% from the same period in 2016. Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) shares ticked up 2.10% to $22.81 on Monday. The bank is the latest to benefit from increased market activity, higher interest rates, and a recovery in the energy sector. JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup both reported higher first-quarter profits last week. Technical Stock Analysis Shares outstanding are recorded as 10011.94 billion and total shares floated are 9991.01 billion. Company’s distance from 20 day simple moving average is -2.17% and distance from 50-Day simple moving average is -4.82%. Best time to invest in stock market is when things are on odd side, and it’s not easy how to pick stocks. By reviewing stock prices from the stock market history of the company and examining its analysts ratings can give an investment picture with updated information of stock which helps investors to make investing decision. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 15 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 7 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst’s mean target price for BAC is $25.45 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.10. Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) yearly performance is 65.35% and net profit margin is 31.80%. Annual EPS Growth of past 5 years is 182.40%. The current share price indicates that stock is -11.59% away from its one year high and is moving 91.46% ahead of its 52-week low. On 17 April 2017, VeriSign, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRSN) shares moved to $88.84. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from no analyst of Thomson Reuters, 5 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst’s mean target price for VRSN is $83.75 while analysts mean recommendation is 3.60. The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) reported first-quarter earnings of $564 million. The company, based in San Francisco, said it had earnings of 39 cents per share. The results beat Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 37 cents per share. At the movement The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) is under coverage by number of analysts. Buy rating has been given by 7 analysts to the company stock whereas no analyst given UNDERPERFORM rating to stock and 3 analysts given HOLD rating. The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Outperform and their mean rating for the stock is 1.79 on scale of 1-5. Analysts mean target price for The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) is $46.13 while their mean recommendation is 1.90 (1=Buy, 5=sell). If we look at stock performance in last active day trading, we see that stock has moved ticked up 1.63% to end the day at $38.14. The current share price indicate that stock is -12.62% away from its one year high and is moving 61.10% ahead of its 52-week low. About Karen View all posts by Karen → Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) plans to add 5,000 remote customer service jobs April 18, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)’s deal to stream NFL includes $30million worth of marketing April 18, 2017 Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) added 5 million members globally April 18, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent Popular Comments Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) plans to add 5,000 ... April 18, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)’s deal to stream NF... April 18, 2017 International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:... April 18, 2017 Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) vowed to improve procedur... April 18, 2017 Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) released new u... April 18, 2017 Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) added 5 million member... April 18, 2017 Gainey McKenna & Egleston Announces Lawsuit Ag... December 19, 2016 1 3D Systems (NYSE:DDD)’s board approved changes to ... December 29, 2016 1 Mastercard Inc (NYSE:MA) and George Soros announce... January 20, 2017 1 NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE)’s basketball footwear brand ... January 5, 2017 1 Motorola Solutions (NYSE:MSI)’s Moto G5 Plus press... January 13, 2017 1 Cheniere Energy, Inc. (NYSE:LNG) declared cash dis... January 25, 2017 1 Dave BlackBerry is so full of trickery rather than exp... March 20, 2017 Dave If Chen was ousted and they got a CEO that is cap... March 15, 2017 Jammer Agree with the CEO. This DISPOSABLE mentality wil... March 7, 2017 ralph Let's see: - a cross between car and motorcycle ... February 28, 2017 John Roberts LTRX looks like a great investment with new talen... February 24, 2017 Gerald Eastman This is to a large degree Boeing's fault. They ha... February 24, 2017 ©2016 Benchmark Monitor
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor A Massive Tsunami is About to Rock the Global Stock Markets Home | Street Talk Tags: 2016 Elections | currency | traders | flaw | republicans | border | tax Currency Traders Spot Fatal Flaw in Republicans' Border Tax Plan (Dreamstime) Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 08:56 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    In Washington D.C., one of the selling points of an ambitious border-tax plan rests on a key economic assumption: The dollar will appreciate enough to offset any increase in the cost of cheap, imported goods that so many Americans have come to rely on. It’s just Econ 101, backed by well-established macroeconomic theory. But on Wall Street, traders and strategists who make a living in the $5.1-trillion-a-day currency market say such notions are preposterous. Even if congressional Republicans can set aside their differences to pass the proposed border-adjusted tax -- a prospect that seems more remote with each passing day -- you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone in the market who believes it will result in the greenback strengthening 25 percent, as the plan suggests. Part of the reason has to do with what they see as a misinterpretation of the underlying theory when applied to the real world. But just as important is the fundamental failure of politicians to appreciate how unpredictable the vast, foreign-exchange market can be, especially when global economic drivers collide and trillions of dollars change hands every day. “The FX market is the most difficult thing to forecast, and to build an inter-generational tax reform based on the assumption of what the FX market will do is a laughable notion,” David Woo, the head of global rates and FX strategy at Bank of America, said in a Bloomberg TV interview. How the dollar responds is certain to have consequences that extend far beyond the currency market. If it fails to appreciate as Republicans expect, consumers and retailers that rely on imported goods (think Wal-Mart and Best Buy) will be hard hit and slow economic growth. Currency appreciation is also a key political defense in arguing the plan -- which taxes imports and exempts exports -- isn’t protectionist and doesn’t violate World Trade Organization rules, as a stronger dollar levels the playing field between foreign and domestic products. In fact, the dollar has given up most of its gains since the November election, which gave Donald Trump and the Republicans control of both the White House and Congress, partly as hopes for a quick passage of a comprehensive tax reform bill waned. For Woo, it all boils down to simple math. Daily trading of goods and services between the U.S. and the rest of the world averages about $14 billion. That amounts to 0.3 percent of the $4.4 trillion in dollars transacted in the global currency market each day. In short, little more than rounding error. Much of the ebb and flow in currencies are dictated by the vagaries of traders as they respond to changes in monetary policy, economic growth and political risk. At times, it can cause the dollar to veer away from levels that economists would consider rational using measures like purchasing power parity. To think that the dollar simply turns on trade policy would be naïve at best, Woo says. Strong Assumptions Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has voiced similar concerns. “There is more than trade that affects a country’s exchange rate,” Yellen said in congressional testimony in February. “A strong set of assumptions is needed to believe that markets would fully offset those changes” caused by the border-adjusted tax. To be fair, it’s not as if House Republican leaders are just making it up. The plan’s assumptions about the dollar -- that it will rise just enough to bring down after-tax import prices relative to locally produced goods -- are rooted in a macroeconomic principle popularized by John Maynard Keynes in the late 1930s known as the “national income identity.” In its simplest form, it describes how a country such as the U.S. that saves less than it invests must automatically run a trade deficit. With a proposed border tax of 20 percent, the U.S. currency would then have to appreciate 25 percent to restore the trade balance by increasing the purchasing power of the dollars used to buy imports, and reducing the competitiveness of American exports. Real World House Speaker Paul Ryan, a key proponent of the Republican border tax proposal, said in February that the dollar’s rise is “obvious and mathematical.” Spokeswoman AshLee Strong pointed to those remarks when asked to comment for this story. It’s all straightforward in theory, but in the real world, it’s anything but. According to JPMorgan Chase, adoption of a border tax could trigger tensions with trading partners or outright retaliation. What’s more, the appreciation that Republicans promise may be delivered in the form of inflation instead of a stronger dollar. That happens when retailers pass on the tax to consumers or when sellers of locally produced goods raise prices to take advantage of increased demand. So it’s really the inflation-adjusted dollar (often known as the real exchange rate) that adjusts rather than the nominal rate, which JPMorgan estimates may rise as little as 6 percent versus major trading partners. “The theory is only sound as it describes the real exchange rate, not the nominal exchange rate,” said Daniel Hui, a global FX strategist at JPMorgan. Known Unknown Of course, there’s no way to know for certain how currencies will respond to a border tax because no system in the world is quite like it. And economists from Alan Auerbach of the University of California at Berkeley, to those at the Peterson Institute for International Economics point to a provision in the tax proposal that allows U.S. manufacturers to deduct the wages they pay from their taxable income, which could lessen consumer-price pressures and instead may lead to a stronger dollar. “A wide range of respected economists believe that the dollar will appreciate substantially and quickly,” said Emily Schillinger, a spokeswoman for Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee. “Additionally, our pro-growth tax reform plan will create jobs, grow our economy and ensure that Americans’ dollars go further.” To UBS Wealth Management’s Thomas Flury, a number of risks could ultimately weaken the dollar. If local manufacturers fail to grab market share from importers, economic output could slow and force the Fed to ease up on the pace of its interest-rate hikes. Americans may just end up spending less. The dollar depends on “how the Fed reacts,” said Flury, the global head of currency strategy at UBS’s Chief Investment Office. “At least in the beginning of the transition, you have to expect slower growth.” © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Core assumption about U.S. dollar appreciation is ‘laughable’; USD trade flow is rounding error in trillion-dollar FX market currency, traders, flaw, republicans, border, tax, plan 1065 Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 08:56 PM 2017-56-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented 1,470 Economists Send Trump a Letter to Support Immigrants Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 67 comments Again we see a group that does not seem to be able to distinguish... Newsmax.com - Breaking news from around the globe: U.S. news, politics, world, health, finance, video, science, technology, live news stream Sunday, 16 Apr 2017 | 52 comments So you believe that patriotic American citizens who love their country are... Retail Stores Devastated, Suffer Massive Job Losses Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 | 36 comments And the leftist dummies brag about how obama fixed the economy. What a... Insurance, Medical Groups Urge Trump to Keep Funding Obamacare Subsidies Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 36 comments Who would have ever thought that the insurance industry would be lobbying... Dollar Slumps After Trump Backs Off on China Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 19 comments so many policies change daily... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Diana Shipping Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diana Shipping Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Amdocs Limited (DOX) Will Announce Earnings of $0.87 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Will Post Earnings of $0.73 Per Share $27.29 Million in Sales Expected for Diana Shipping Inc. (DSX) This Quarter TransDigm Group’s (TDG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Pluristem Therapeutics (PSTI) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Ocean Rig UDW (ORIG) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Peregrine Pharmaceuticals (PPHM) Share Price Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.92 Per Share Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates K12 (LRN) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect MidWestOne Financial Group (MOFG) Stock Price ORBCOMM (ORBC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Ormat Technologies (ORA) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds The Valspar Corp (VAL) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Genesee & Wyoming Inc (GWR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $521.47 Million Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Boyd Gaming Co. (BYD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Canon Inc (CAJ) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Share Price $27.29 Million in Sales Expected for Diana Shipping Inc. (DSX) This Quarter April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect that Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE:DSX) will announce sales of $27.29 million for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Four analysts have issued estimates for Diana Shipping’s earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $28.4 million and the lowest estimate coming in at $24.89 million. Diana Shipping reported sales of $30.79 million during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 11.4%. The business is expected to announce its next quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 17th. On average, analysts expect that Diana Shipping will report full year sales of $27.29 million for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $114.31 million to $156.65 million. For the next financial year, analysts expect that the company will post sales of $188.7 million per share, with estimates ranging from $141.42 million to $267.58 million. Zacks Investment Research’s sales averages are an average based on a survey of research analysts that that provide coverage for Diana Shipping. Diana Shipping (NYSE:DSX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The shipping company reported ($0.38) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.39) by $0.01. Diana Shipping had a negative net margin of 131.28% and a negative return on equity of 14.09%. The company had revenue of $28 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $28.28 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.30) earnings per share. Diana Shipping’s quarterly revenue was down 26.8% on a year-over-year basis. A number of equities analysts have commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Diana Shipping from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.25 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on shares of Diana Shipping from $3.00 to $3.50 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Nordea Equity Research upgraded shares of Diana Shipping from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Diana Shipping from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $8.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday, April 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Diana Shipping has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $4.65. Shares of Diana Shipping (NYSE:DSX) traded down 8.59% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $5.11. 849,628 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s market cap is $412.65 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $4.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.63. Diana Shipping has a 12-month low of $2.11 and a 12-month high of $6.20. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “$27.29 Million in Sales Expected for Diana Shipping Inc. (DSX) This Quarter” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/27-29-million-in-sales-expected-for-diana-shipping-inc-dsx-this-quarter.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in DSX. UBS Oconnor LLC bought a new stake in shares of Diana Shipping during the third quarter worth $2,148,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Diana Shipping during the fourth quarter worth $4,491,000. Royce & Associates LP raised its stake in shares of Diana Shipping by 14.0% in the fourth quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 876,933 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $2,648,000 after buying an additional 107,500 shares during the last quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC raised its stake in shares of Diana Shipping by 1.4% in the third quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC now owns 4,319,723 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $11,318,000 after buying an additional 58,183 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Phoenix Investment Adviser LLC bought a new stake in shares of Diana Shipping during the third quarter worth $376,000. Institutional investors own 42.91% of the company’s stock. About Diana Shipping Diana Shipping Inc is a holding company. The Company is a provider of shipping transportation services. The Company specializes in the ownership of dry bulk vessels. As of February 16, 2017, the Company’s operating fleet consisted of 48 dry bulk carriers, of which 23 were Panamax, four were Kamsarmax, three were Post-Panamax, 14 were Capesize and four were Newcastlemax vessels, having a combined carrying capacity of approximately 5.7 million deadweight tonnage (dwt). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Diana Shipping (DSX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Diana Shipping Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diana Shipping Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exxon Mobil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.92 Per Share Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates K12 (LRN) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect MidWestOne Financial Group (MOFG) Stock Price ORBCOMM (ORBC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Ormat Technologies (ORA) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds The Valspar Corp (VAL) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Genesee & Wyoming Inc (GWR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $521.47 Million Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Boyd Gaming Co. (BYD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Canon Inc (CAJ) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Share Price Insider Buying: Fastenal Company (FAST) Director Purchases 350 Shares of Stock Dell Inc. (DELL) Bonds Trading 1.3% Higher BlueSky Wealth Advisors LLC Holds Stake in 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Stein Mart (SMRT) Share Price Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Likely to Affect Silicom (SILC) Share Price Sientra (SIEN) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.10 Power Solutions International (PSIX) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.09 Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.92 Per Share April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) to announce $0.92 earnings per share (EPS) for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have made estimates for Exxon Mobil’s earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $0.75 and the highest is $1.10. Exxon Mobil posted earnings of $0.43 per share during the same quarter last year, which indicates a positive year over year growth rate of 114%. The business is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results before the market opens on Friday, April 28th. On average, analysts expect that Exxon Mobil will report full-year earnings of $4.08 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.28 to $5.69. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the firm will post earnings of $4.72 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.41 to $5.81. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are an average based on a survey of research firms that follow Exxon Mobil. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The oil and gas company reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.29. The company earned $61.02 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $62.28 billion. Exxon Mobil had a return on equity of 5.56% and a net margin of 3.47%. Exxon Mobil’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.67 EPS. A number of analysts have weighed in on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $96.00 target price on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, December 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $94.00 target price on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Vetr upgraded Exxon Mobil from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $92.00 target price on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co lowered Exxon Mobil from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $89.96. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at $3,306,084,000. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 200,026,488 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $18,054,385,000 after buying an additional 8,303,490 shares in the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil by 824.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 7,221,961 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $651,912,000 after buying an additional 6,440,709 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at $380,254,000. Finally, Fayez Sarofim & Co. increased its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil by 35.3% in the third quarter. Fayez Sarofim & Co. now owns 12,318,584 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $1,075,029,000 after buying an additional 3,211,005 shares in the last quarter. 51.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.92 Per Share” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/exxon-mobil-co-xom-expected-to-post-earnings-of-0-92-per-share.html. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) traded down 0.65% during trading on Thursday, hitting $81.05. The stock had a trading volume of 8,821,414 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $82.11 and its 200-day moving average is $85.23. The stock has a market capitalization of $336.07 billion, a PE ratio of 43.18 and a beta of 0.91. Exxon Mobil has a 52-week low of $80.31 and a 52-week high of $95.55. About Exxon Mobil Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Exxon Mobil (XOM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 19 April 2017 | MYT 8:34 AM Breakfast briefing: Wednesday, April 19 (Update) MarketWrap: The S&P 500 fell for the fourth time in five sessions on Tuesday, weighed down by a drop in Goldman Sachs and Johnson & Johnson following their quarterly results, while geopolitical tensions added to investor caution. The DJIA fell 113.64 points, or 0.55%, to 20,523.28, the S&P 500 lost 6.83 points, or 0.29%, to 2,342.18 and the Nasdaq dropped 7.32 points, or 0.12%, to 5,849.47.. - Reuters Energy Oil prices fell on Tuesday, then slid more in post-settlement trade after an industry group reported that US crude stockpiles fell less than expected in the latest week while gasoline stockpiles grew unseasonably. Brent crude futures swooned as low as US$54.61, the lowest since April 7, then settled down 47 cents at US$54.89 a barrel. - Reuters Forex summary *The ringgit gained 0.07% to 4.4078 per US$ *It lost 0.60% to 4.7264 versus euro *Down 1.82% to 5.6534 per pound sterling *Down 0.11% to 3.1565 per Singapore dollar *0.22% higher to 3.3200 per Aussie *0.17% higher to 4.0615 per 100 yen Top foreign stories Goldman Sachs licks wounds in equities trading as peers grab share: Goldman Sachs Group Inc on Tuesday became the first Wall Street bank this earnings season to report lower equities trading revenue, signalling it was unlikely to reclaim the top market share ranking from Morgan Stanley any time soon. Goldman said its first-quarter equities trading revenue fell 6%, compared to gains of 2% to 10% at Citigroup, Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co. Morgan Stanley will report results on Wednesday. - Reuters Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22%: Yahoo Inc reported a 22.1% increase in first-quarter revenue to US$1.33 billion, ahead of the sale of its core internet business to Verizon Communications Inc. Net income attributable to Yahoo was US$99.4 million, or 10 cents per share in the quarter, compared with a net loss of US$99.2 million, or 10 cents per share, a year earlier. - Reuters KKR-backed consortium makes US$4.7b cash offer for Australia's Tatts: A consortium backed by US private equity giant KKR & Co offered A$6.15 billion (US$4.65 billion) cash for Australian lottery operator Tatts Group Ltd, threatening an agreed merger with Tabcorp Holdings Ltd, sources said on Wednesday. - Reuters IBM posts first revenue miss in five quarters: International Business Machines Corp reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters due to weak demand in its IT services business, a sign that the company's turnaround could take longer than expected. IBM's overall revenue decline increased to 2.8% in the first quarter from 1.3% in the fourth quarter, and widely missed analysts' expectation of a 1.6% drop. - Reuters Japan government fund, bank mull bid with Broadcom for Toshiba chip unit: A Japanese government-backed fund, Network Corp of Japan, and Development Bank of Japan are considering a joint bid with Broadcom Ltd for Toshiba Corp's semiconductor business, a move that would vault the US chipmaker into the lead to buy the prized unit, the Asahi newspaper said on Wednesday. - Reuters FGL terminates takeover deal by Chinese insurer Anbang: US annuities and life insurer Fidelity & Guaranty Life said on Tuesday it has terminated its agreement to be acquired by Anbang Insurance Group Co Ltd, becoming the latest deal involving the Chinese insurer to have fallen through in recent years. - Reuters Top local stories SP Setia buys prime land in Singapore: SP Setia Bhd, which is turning into Permodalan Nasional Bhd’s (PNB) regional property powerhouse, has won a highly-competitive bid to develop a piece of prime land in Singapore. The property developer was awarded the tender by Singapore’s Urban Redevelopment Authority for the 1.87ha on Toh Tuck Road at a winning bid of S$265mil (RM847.6mil). - StarBiz KWAP buys 5.4% stake in edotco for US$100m: Retirement Fund Inc (KWAP) has bought a 5.4% stake in edotco Group Sdn Bhd, which owns telecommunications towers in Asia, for US$100mil. The private placement of shares to the pension fund followed the year-end share placement to Khazanah Nasional Bhd and Innovation Network Corp of Japan which raised US$600mil for edotco. Khazanah and INCJ hold a 10.7% and 21.5% stake respectively in edotco, while Axiata Group Bhd holds the balance 62.4%. - StarBiz Bankers: Lotte unit likely to get cornerstone investor: The Lotte Group’s plan to float its Malaysian petrochemical arm would likely include a cornerstone investor in the form of a large local institution, say bankers. The Lotte Group, South Korea’s fifth-largest conglomerate, is planning an initial public offering (IPO) Lotte Chemical Titan Holding Sdn Bhd, on Bursa Malaysia, eyeing to raise between US$1bil and US$1.5bil. - StarBiz Property prices remain steady: House prices have remained steady despite a slowdown in property sales and a huge overhang of unsold units. According to the Valuation & Property Services Department’s Property Market Report 2016, prices of residential property continued to grow, albeit moderately despite the current market glut.On quarterly movements, the report showed a contraction of 0.7% in the fourth quarter of 2016. - StarBiz Sime Darby offers to buy 2018 and 2023 sukuks: Sime Darby Bhd has launched a tender offer to buy for cash any and all of its US$400mil sukuk due in 2018 and another US$400mil sukuk due in 2023. - StarBiz BAT has no plan to increase cigarette prices for now: British American Tobacco (M) Bhd (BAT) has stressed that it has no plan to increase its cigarette prices for now. Managing director Eric Stoel said the Government’s move to freeze further excise duty hikes this year was pertinent to assist in stabilising the tobacco industry and reducing contraband cigarettes in the market. - StarBiz i-City boosts I-Bhd earnings: I-Bhd’s net profit rose 21% to RM18.59mil for the first quarter, underpinned by the property development segment as demand for properties in i-City, Shah Alam remains strong. Revenue came in 27.8% higher at RM102.84mil from RM80.45mil a year ago. - StarBiz Mier: Ringgit’s fair value is 4.20 against US dollar: The ringgit’s fair value is at about 4.20 against the US dollar, but there are no indications the currency will improve in the near future, says Malaysian Institute of Economic Research (Mier) executive director Prof Zakariah Abdul Rashid. He said  the estimation of the ringgit’s fair value was based solely on the country’s economic fundamentals. - StarBiz Global passenger traffic increased 3.5% in February, says ACI: Global passenger traffic increased 3.5% in February which was below the past 12-month growth trend of 5.3%, according to the Airports Council International. It said the world’s airports reported a rise of 5.7% in international passenger traffic and 1.9% in domestic traffic. - theedgemarkets ML Global eyes more JVs, land buys to undertake property projects: ML Global Bhd, which is planning to diversify into property development and investment, says it is in the midst of exploratory talks to buy more lands and to undertake more joint ventures to develop small to medium scale projects. - theedgemarkets March car sales up 10%, production rises 3%: Malaysia's total vehicle sales in March grew 10.1% to 53,717 units compared with 48,788 units a year earleir, said the Malaysian Automotive Association (MAA). Total production rose 3.2% to 49,356 units from 47,810. MAA attributed the sales rise to the longer working month of March as well as the rush to deliver new vehicles to customers on time by companies with financial year end of March 31, 2017. - theedgemarkets PetChem approves US$442m investment for new plant in Pengerang: Petronas Chemicals Group Bhd (PetChem) has approved a final investment decision for an Isononanol plant within the Pengerang Integrated Complex in Pengerang, Johor, for a total investment cost of US$442 million. It said the project is expected to come on-stream by the second half of 2019 and will be undertaken by a wholly-owned subsidiary. - theedgemarkets Related Stories You May Be Interested Goldman Sachs licks wounds in equities trading as peers grab share Daimler says in talks with Didi, others for potential cooperation Rehda: Pick-up in H216 property sales PayPal and Google get cosy with new digital wallet partnership How to own your first home with zero down payment Pedalling to save the planet Others Also Read Top cop: Many massage parlours are fronts for vice activities Eleven missing after ship sinks off Crimean coast - officials Probe into lockup deaths almost complete Property Related advertisement Latest News PetDag: No impact on earnings from weekly fuel pricing Hays: Malaysia’s banking sector on recruitment spree Eco World inks MoUs with Brainy Bunch International Islamic Montessori KLCI, most key Asian markets in the red Digital economy could add more than 20% to Malaysia's GDP before 2020 Most Viewed in Business Ringgit fell against pound sterling Khazanah appoints Nirmala Menon as board member Digital economy could add more than 20% to Malaysia's GDP before 2020 Oil prices dip on bloated US market, mixed Saudi signals Malaysian property prices remain steady Rehda: Pick-up in H216 property sales Stock on the Move: Panpages Savings return of up to 4.1% per year from OCBC 360 Malaysia’s CPI up 5.1% on year in March, hitting 8-year high Should firms be allowed to send listing proceeds abroad? advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Boyd Gaming Co. (BYD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Canon Inc (CAJ) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Share Price Insider Buying: Fastenal Company (FAST) Director Purchases 350 Shares of Stock Dell Inc. (DELL) Bonds Trading 1.3% Higher BlueSky Wealth Advisors LLC Holds Stake in 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Stein Mart (SMRT) Share Price Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Likely to Affect Silicom (SILC) Share Price Sientra (SIEN) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.10 Power Solutions International (PSIX) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.09 Brokerages Expect Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Will Post Earnings of -$1.31 Per Share Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Insider Sells $962,550.00 in Stock Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Insider Sells $321,200.00 in Stock Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Director Acquires $249,939.80 in Stock Universal Logistics Holdings Inc (ULH) Short Interest Up 22.5% in March Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Short Interest Update MutualFirst Financial (MFSF) Given Media Impact Score of 0.20 Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows $1.78 Billion in Sales Expected for Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) This Quarter Canon Inc (CAJ) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Canon Inc (NYSE:CAJ) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a $36.00 target price on the technology company’s stock. Zacks Investment Research’s price target indicates a potential upside of 15.94% from the stock’s previous close. According to Zacks, “Canon, Inc. is an industry leader in professional and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Canon’s extensive product line enables businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store and distribute visual information. Canon products include full-color as well as black and white copiers; color laser printers; facsimile machines; micrographics and optical disk filing systems; word processors, typewriters and calculators; camcorders, and lenses; semiconductor, broadcast and optical equipment; and other specialized industrial products. “ Several other brokerages have also recently commented on CAJ. TheStreet upgraded shares of Canon from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Canon from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Canon presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $36.00. Canon (NYSE:CAJ) traded down 0.19% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $31.05. 239,026 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $30.71 and a 200-day moving average price of $29.36. The firm has a market cap of $33.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.98 and a beta of 0.60. Canon has a 1-year low of $27.18 and a 1-year high of $31.68. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/canon-inc-caj-rating-increased-to-strong-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. OLD Mission Capital LLC purchased a new position in shares of Canon during the third quarter valued at approximately $620,000. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC boosted its position in shares of Canon by 14.6% in the third quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 11,530 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $335,000 after buying an additional 1,472 shares during the last quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Canon by 903.3% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 18,100 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $525,000 after buying an additional 16,296 shares during the last quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP boosted its position in shares of Canon by 9.0% in the third quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP now owns 8,196 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $238,000 after buying an additional 676 shares during the last quarter. Finally, New York State Common Retirement Fund boosted its position in shares of Canon by 23.9% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 97,209 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $2,822,000 after buying an additional 18,770 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 1.49% of the company’s stock. Canon Company Profile Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Canon (CAJ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy Policy About/Contact Us Terms and Conditions Contributors Write For Us MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow Baseball News Source Latest News Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Shore Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Consort Medical plc (CSRT) Liberum Capital Reiterates “Under Review” Rating for Easyhotel PLC (EZH) Hilton Food Group plc’s (HFG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital National Grid plc (NG) Rating Reiterated by BNP Paribas Zpg Plc’s (ZPG) Neutral Rating Reiterated at BNP Paribas Rightmove Plc’s (RMV) Outperform Rating Reiterated at BNP Paribas Ryder System (R) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Himax Technologies (HIMX) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.31 Pain Therapeutics (PTIE) Earning Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Report Shows CafePress (PRSS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Orchid Island Capital (ORC) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.10 John F. Slusher Sells 100,000 Shares of Nike Inc (NKE) Stock Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Will Announce Earnings of $0.18 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Posted by Grant Hamersma on Apr 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by research analysts at HSBC Holdings plc in a report released on Monday. They presently have a $291.00 price target on the investment management company’s stock. HSBC Holdings plc’s target price points to a potential upside of 28.61% from the company’s previous close. A number of other analysts also recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Vetr upgraded shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $231.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Berenberg Bank cut shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $140.00 to $190.00 in a research report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Compass Point started coverage on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. They set a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 target price for the company. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $223.77. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) opened at 226.26 on Monday. Goldman Sachs Group has a one year low of $138.20 and a one year high of $255.15. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $237.88 and its 200-day moving average is $222.05. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 18th. The investment management company reported $5.08 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.76 by $0.32. The firm had revenue of $8.17 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.80 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a net margin of 24.17% and a return on equity of 9.78%. The firm’s revenue was up 12.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $4.68 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.59 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were issued a dividend of $0.65 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, February 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.15%. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 15.89%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by BBNS and is the sole property of of BBNS. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://baseballnewssource.com/markets/goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-hsbc-holdings-plc-updated/536149.html. In other Goldman Sachs Group news, insider Harvey M. Schwartz sold 25,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total transaction of $5,849,750.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 251,256 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $58,791,391.44. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP John F.W. Rogers sold 32,325 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $250.06, for a total transaction of $8,083,189.50. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 94,458 shares in the company, valued at $23,620,167.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 128,590 shares of company stock worth $30,926,594 over the last three months. 2.61% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 26.3% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 112,955 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $16,783,000 after buying an additional 23,529 shares during the period. First Mercantile Trust Co. boosted its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 36.9% in the third quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 3,188 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $514,000 after buying an additional 860 shares during the period. Atria Investments LLC boosted its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 19.4% in the third quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 2,297 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $370,000 after buying an additional 374 shares during the period. Hollencrest Securities LLC boosted its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 21.7% in the third quarter. Hollencrest Securities LLC now owns 2,685 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $433,000 after buying an additional 478 shares during the period. Finally, MSI Financial Services Inc boosted its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 9.3% in the third quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc now owns 14,408 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $2,324,000 after buying an additional 1,222 shares during the period. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Goldman Sachs Group Company Profile The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with our FREE daily email newsletter.   Latest News Colorado Rockies Bullpen Helping Them to NL West Lead Hall of Famer Given New Lease on Life New York Mets Have the Power Red Sox Fighting Through Illness and Injury Cleveland and Arizona Off to Fast Starts Foreign-Born MLB Players Reaches All-Time High Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects Markets © 2006-2017 BBNS.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Dow 30 20,523.28 -113.64 (-0.55%) Nasdaq 5,849.47 -7.32 (-0.12%) Wall Street on Goldman whiff: 'What the heck is going on?' Jeff Cox CNBC April 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS)' stunning first-quarter profit disappointment immediately set off some serious head-scratching on Wall Street. The fifth-largest bank by assets in the U.S. reported earnings that missed on both top-line revenue and bottom-line profits, a rarity for a bank that historically has beaten Wall Street earnings targets 9 out of 10 times. Time will tell if the first three months of 2017 were a one-off miss or a sign of a more fundamental decline in the bank's operations. But for now, the letdown was palpable and set off a wave of investor worry, particularly because Goldman's competitors posted almost universally strong earnings. The bank's shares tumbled more than 3 percent at the market open and were down 4.5 percent at one point, falling to $216.02. It was the lowest intraday price since it traded at 214.97 on Nov. 30. "Given what you're seeing out of Bank of America (NYSE: BAC), JPMorgan (NYSE: JPM) and Citigroup (NYSE: C), this is a quarter which makes me wonder what the heck is going on," said Dick Bove, vice president of equity research at Rafferty Capital Markets. "Hopefully, it's just an aberrant quarter." Bove later on Tuesday cut his rating on Goldman from a "buy" to a "hold." Goldman's biggest area of worry was in trading, where revenues in the vital fixed income, commodities and currencies business were essentially flat year over year and down about 16 percent from the fourth quarter of 2016. The new year has been slow for equities trading, but other big institutions on the Street are making due with strong business in bonds and related debt instruments. "The big one that is glaring and sticks out is the decline in FICC. That was totally unexpected and totally aberrant as to what its competitors are doing," Bove said. One of the big problems for Wall Street in general and Goldman Sachs in particular has been the absence of deals. Mergers and acquisitions volume plunged 55 percent in the first quarter from Q4 in 2016, according to data provider Dealogic. While initial public offering volume surged in the quarter, much of it came via the Snap (NYSE: SNAP) IPO that generated $3.9 billion of the total $13.4 billion in revenue raised during the quarter. "Look at the equity markets — there's nothing going on. The IPO pipeline is small and as unremarkable as I can remember," said Christopher Whalen, head of Whalen Global Advisors. "We're not funding acquisitions or deals. It's simply the Street refinancing the debt they're using to buy back their stock." The competition for deals is intense, and the benefits are skewing toward bigger firms that have dominated and smaller ones that are willing to compete for down-market business. "Goldman's been good at trading, but you're not going to hit that every quarter and you can't predict it. One or two trades can seriously affect your results every quarter," Whalen said. "It's Jurassic Park — that's what you've got, and the big dinosaurs win." The long-term damage for Goldman is hard to predict as well. Shares are down more than 9 percent in 2017, sharply underperforming an industry that is off about 5 percent as measured by the SPDR S&P Bank (NYSE Arca: KBE) exchange-traded fund. Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein told investors Tuesday that the bank is "well-positioned" to meet the challenges ahead. "I don't think it's worrisome. It's probably just a one-off kind of a quarter. You'll probably see it improve at least to the extent that volatility begets more client activity over the next few quarters," said Justin Fuller, senior director at Fitch Ratings. "I don't think it's a bad quarter by any means." More From CNBC Fed official backs bond pairing this year Your first trade for Tuesday, April 18 Early movers: UNH, JNJ, BAC & more Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next There's no 'sugar coating' Goldman's disappointing earnings, says Oppenheimer senior analyst CNBC.com What Stephen Bannon Was Like at Goldman Sachs The Street Stock Market Update from Briefing.com Briefing.com Goldman Sachs and Bank of America — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance What you need to know on Wall Street today Business Insider Scientists have invented a dryer that can dry clothes in half the time without heat Business Insider Since 1990, market gains double when this happens — and it just did CNBC Under Armour made a fatal error that will take 'years' to fix Business Insider United Airlines CEO apologizes again for dragging man off a plane — but the company is facing another major problem Business Insider Yahoo Finance's David Marcus interview Yahoo Finance Video Facebook Exec: How Messenger can improve your social life Yahoo Finance Uber has lost 8 top execs in under 2 months Yahoo Finance Police tracked down the 'Facebook killer' after McDonald's employees held up his french fry order Business Insider We tried KFC 'superior' chicken sandwich to challenge McDonald's, Wendy's, and Burger King — here's the verdict Business Insider Boeing Is Laying Off Hundreds of Workers -- Here's Why -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, April 19 Yahoo Finance Video First Lady Melania Trump's Style Evolution Bloodhound: She is beautiful. Classy and very stylish. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 150
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $1.78 Billion in Sales Expected for Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) This Quarter $0.82 Earnings Per Share Expected for MEDNAX Inc (MD) This Quarter Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.03 Per Share Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Expected to Announce Earnings of $2.93 Per Share Hercules Capital (HTGC) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Fortis Inc. (FTS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Forum Energy Technologies Inc (FET) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Gap (GPS) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.19 $0.93 Earnings Per Share Expected for Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) This Quarter First Financial Corp IN Holds Position in First Busey Co. (BUSE) First Financial Corp IN Lowers Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) 3,930 Shares in Crane Co. (CR) Acquired by First Financial Corp IN Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) Stake Reduced by First Financial Corp IN Lawson Products (LAWS) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Korea Equity Fund (KEF) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss $2.31 Earnings Per Share Expected for Copa Holdings, S.A. (CPA) This Quarter Henry Schein (HSIC) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Mirna Therapeutics (MIRN) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Brokerages Expect Heritage Commerce Corp. (HTBK) Will Post Earnings of $0.19 Per Share $0.82 Earnings Per Share Expected for MEDNAX Inc (MD) This Quarter April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts expect that MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) will report earnings of $0.82 per share for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Eight analysts have made estimates for MEDNAX’s earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at $0.83 and the lowest estimate coming in at $0.80. MEDNAX also reported earnings per share of $0.82 in the same quarter last year. The company is expected to report its next earnings report on Thursday, April 27th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that MEDNAX will report full year earnings of $4.01 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.87 to $4.13. For the next fiscal year, analysts forecast that the company will report earnings of $4.40 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $4.21 to $4.53. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are a mean average based on a survey of analysts that cover MEDNAX. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $831 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $842.15 million. MEDNAX had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 10.21%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 12.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.13 earnings per share. Several research analysts have issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $63.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research raised MEDNAX from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $69.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Robert W. Baird cut MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $69.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “$0.82 Earnings Per Share Expected for MEDNAX Inc (MD) This Quarter” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/0-82-earnings-per-share-expected-for-mednax-inc-md-this-quarter.html. Shares of MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) traded down 1.24% during trading on Thursday, hitting $67.15. The stock had a trading volume of 544,733 shares. MEDNAX has a one year low of $59.36 and a one year high of $76.96. The firm has a market cap of $6.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.24 and a beta of 0.67. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $69.53 and its 200-day moving average is $67.31. In other news, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 15,164 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.01, for a total transaction of $1,061,631.64. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 59,097 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,137,380.97. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, SVP Dominic J. Andreano sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.59, for a total transaction of $417,540.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 30,746 shares in the company, valued at $2,139,614.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 86,296 shares of company stock worth $5,959,391. Corporate insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Nordea Investment Management AB boosted its position in MEDNAX by 2.1% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 2,878,350 shares of the company’s stock valued at $190,691,000 after buying an additional 60,410 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in MEDNAX by 3.1% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 652,042 shares of the company’s stock valued at $43,198,000 after buying an additional 19,791 shares in the last quarter. Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of MEDNAX during the third quarter worth about $1,060,000. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 1.4% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 260,028 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,227,000 after buying an additional 3,716 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 2.0% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 13,483 shares of the company’s stock worth $893,000 after buying an additional 270 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 99.16% of the company’s stock. MEDNAX Company Profile MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on MEDNAX (MD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortis Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Expected to Announce Earnings of $2.93 Per Share Hercules Capital (HTGC) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Fortis Inc. (FTS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Forum Energy Technologies Inc (FET) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Gap (GPS) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.19 $0.93 Earnings Per Share Expected for Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) This Quarter First Financial Corp IN Holds Position in First Busey Co. (BUSE) First Financial Corp IN Lowers Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) 3,930 Shares in Crane Co. (CR) Acquired by First Financial Corp IN Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) Stake Reduced by First Financial Corp IN Lawson Products (LAWS) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Korea Equity Fund (KEF) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss $2.31 Earnings Per Share Expected for Copa Holdings, S.A. (CPA) This Quarter Henry Schein (HSIC) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Mirna Therapeutics (MIRN) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Brokerages Expect Heritage Commerce Corp. (HTBK) Will Post Earnings of $0.19 Per Share First Financial Corp IN Has $853,000 Stake in Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) First Financial Corp (THFF) is First Financial Corp IN’s Largest Position DTE Energy Co (DTE) Stake Lowered by Capital Investment Advisors LLC Fortis Inc. (FTS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Fortis Inc. (NYSE:FTS) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Fortis, Inc. is engaged in electric and gas utility business. The Company offers regulated utilities comprised of electric and gas as well as engages in non-regulated hydroelectric operations. It operates primarily in Canada, United States and Caribbean. Fortis, Inc. is based in St John’s, Canada. “ Several other research analysts have also weighed in on the company. TheStreet upgraded Fortis from a “d” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $37.00 price objective on shares of Fortis in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered Fortis from an “outperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Fortis in a research report on Monday, February 27th. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. Finally, CIBC upgraded Fortis from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. Fortis has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $37.50. Shares of Fortis (NYSE:FTS) traded down 2.07% on Tuesday, hitting $33.10. The stock had a trading volume of 275,619 shares. The firm has a market cap of $13.29 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.51. Fortis has a 12-month low of $29.14 and a 12-month high of $34.66. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $32.44 and a 200 day moving average of $31.61. Fortis (NYSE:FTS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The utilities provider reported $0.48 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.12. The company earned $2.05 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.05 billion. Fortis had a return on equity of 7.17% and a net margin of 8.22%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 19.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.51 earnings per share. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be paid a dividend of $0.3058 per share. This represents a $1.22 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.69%. This is a boost from Fortis’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.30. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. Fortis’s dividend payout ratio is 84.40%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Fortis Inc. (FTS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/fortis-inc-fts-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd boosted its position in Fortis by 1.1% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 123,208 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $4,077,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the period. Affinity Wealth Management bought a new position in Fortis during the first quarter worth approximately $210,000. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. boosted its position in Fortis by 20.0% in the first quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. now owns 50,642 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $1,679,000 after buying an additional 8,439 shares during the period. Cardinal Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in Fortis during the first quarter worth approximately $302,000. Finally, Keybank National Association OH bought a new position in Fortis during the fourth quarter worth approximately $328,000. Institutional investors own 12.08% of the company’s stock. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Fortis (FTS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Fortis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, April 19, 2017 3:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money BofA profit jumps 40pc as fixed-income trading tops estimates Wednesday April 19, 2017 06:59 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years The Edit: French ‘human hen’ artist hatches first chick The Edit: Adidas slammed for tone-deaf email The Edit: Pitbull adds Malaysia tour date Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Bank of America in downtown Los Angeles, California January 15, 2014 ReutersNEW YORK, April 19 — Bank of America Corp posted a 40 per cent increase in first-quarter profit, fueled by stronger trading revenue, and added employees for the first time in more than five years as chief executive officer Brian Moynihan expressed optimism about the US economy. Fixed-income trading revenue rose 29 per cent to US$2.93 billion (RM12.92 billion), the second-biggest US bank said yesterday in a statement, beating analysts’ US$2.6 billion average estimate. Equity trading revenue also was better than expected, climbing 7.4 per cent to US$1.1 billion. “The US economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that,” Moynihan said in the statement. Bank of America added 549 employees in the quarter, the first increase since the third quarter of 2011. Last week, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc also reported robust first-quarter revenue from bond trading. JPMorgan, the largest US bank by assets, posted a 17 per cent gain in fixed-income trading revenue, while Citigroup generated the most revenue from that business in three years. That contrasts with Goldman Sachs Group Inc, which yesterday posted worse-than-expected fixed-income results. Bank stocks have climbed since November’s US election in part on expectations that Federal Reserve rate increases would boost profits. Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America, which is among the most sensitive to interest-rate changes, has led the surge among the country’s biggest lenders, gaining 38 per cent through Monday. Net interest income climbed 5.5 per cent to US$11.1 billion from a year earlier, exceeding the firm’s forecast. Net interest margin—the difference between what a bank charges for loans and pays depositors—rose 16 basis points to 2.39 per centage points from the previous quarter, the biggest jump among large US banks. The firm expects a US$150 million increase in interest income in the second quarter from the previous three-month period, Chief Financial Officer Paul Donofrio said on a call with analysts. Brian Kleinhanzl, a Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Inc analyst, called the forecast “disappointing.” The bank’s “guidance raises concerns about the long-end of the curve,” said Kleinhanzl, whose second-quarter estimate of net interest income is US$11.45 billion. “If the long-end of the curve does not pick up then our, and the street’s, NII forecast may prove to be too optimistic.” Bank of America shares rose 0.2 per cent to US$22.86 at 2:36 p.m. in New York after climbing as much as 1.5 per cent. Total profit jumped to US$4.86 billion, or 41 cents a share, from US$3.47 billion, or 28 cents, a year earlier, according to the statement. That beat the 35-cent average estimate of 27 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Revenue increased 7 per cent to US$22.2 billion, also more than estimated. Expenses rose less than 1 per cent to US$14.8 billion, higher than expected, while the firm’s efficiency ratio weakened about 1 per centage point to 66.15 per cent. “We grew the top line, and we grew the bottom line, and we did it the right way,” Moynihan said on the call. “All of that will bode well for future growth.” Profit from the global markets division, which houses the bank’s trading units, climbed 33 per cent to US$1.3 billion. Investment-banking revenue rose 37 per cent to US$1.58 billion, compared with analysts’ US$1.41 billion estimate. Donofrio said trading in corporate credit, special situations and mortgages fueled much of the bank’s fixed-income performance. Revenue from helping companies issue new debt fueled a 38 per cent rise in debt underwriting to a better-than-expected US$926 million. Equity underwriting revenue was US$312 million. Mortgage banking fees plunged 72 per cent to US$122 million, the biggest decline among large US banks. Fees at JPMorgan sank 39 per cent, while Wells Fargo & Co., the largest US mortgage lender, reported a 23 per cent drop. Profit in the consumer-banking division climbed 7.4 per cent to US$1.89 billion, as revenue increased 5.4 per cent to US$8.28 billion. The firm closed 20 branches during the quarter, bringing the total to 4,559. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years, but below forecast Ringgit at 4.4070/4100 against US greenback Alarm sounds in emerging currencies for top Asia forecaster KL shares open slightly lower, but rebounded thereafter Dollar kicked by ascendant sterling after May calls UK vote (VIDEO) Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion United Airlines CEO won’t resign Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Queen announce European tour dates First teaser for ‘Kingsman: The Golden Circle’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Minsheng Bank: Branch chief suspected of illegal conduct Tokyo stocks under pressure after British snap election news (VIDEO) KL shares turn lower at mid-morning Li: EU and China must promote free and fair trade Short-term rates expected to remain stable Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, April 19, 2017 3:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Goldman tumbles as bank strikes out on bond-trading revival Wednesday April 19, 2017 06:45 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years The Edit: French ‘human hen’ artist hatches first chick The Edit: Adidas slammed for tone-deaf email The Edit: Pitbull adds Malaysia tour date Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Goldman Sachs logo is pictured on their post as traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York August 4, 2014. — Reuters picNEW YORK, April 19 — Goldman Sachs Group Inc fell the most since the day after the UK voted to leave the European Union, leading the Dow Jones Industrial Average lower after bond-trading revenue fell short of estimates and lagged behind rivals. Shares of the company slid 4.7 per cent to US$215.59 (RM950.86) at 4pm in New York, the most since June 24. Revenue from fixed-income trading of US$1.69 billion suffered from weaker demand in commodities and currencies, the New York-based company said yesterday in a statement, and missed analysts’ US$2.03 billion estimate. “This is a hole, just like last year started in a hole,”  Devin Ryan, an analyst at JMP Securities LLC, said in a phone interview. “Seasonally you should have some tailwinds in the beginning of the year, so it’s not normal to start the year slow.” The surprise results contrast with reports from Goldman Sachs’s three bigger competitors. Bank of America Corp. said earlier yesterday that its trading revenue climbed, while JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc last week reported revenue from that business exceeded estimates.  Chief executive officer Lloyd Blankfein has said he’d like to operate his firm with less capital and that President Donald Trump’s plan to reduce regulations may help trading. “The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses,” Blankfein, who rose through the ranks of the fixed-income business, said in the statement. Analysts on a conference call peppered Deputy Chief Financial Officer Marty Chavez with six questions about the trading slowdown. Chavez, who will take over the CFO role from Harvey Schwartz at the end of this month, attributed the decline to lower volatility in commodities and currency markets. The dollar-euro exchange rate and crude oil prices are the stablest they’ve been in about two years, he said. Chavez also cited the firm’s client mix, compared with bigger competitors who have larger lending books and more corporate customers. Net income almost doubled to US$2.26 billion, or US$5.15 a share, from US$1.14 billion, or US$2.68, a year earlier, the company said in the statement. The average estimate of 17 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg was for adjusted earnings of US$5.34 a share. Bank of America posted a 40 per cent surge in first-quarter profit, fueled by stronger trading revenue, as CEO Brian Moynihan expressed optimism about the US economy. Fixed-income trading revenue rose 29 per cent to US$2.93 billion, beating analysts’ US$2.6 billion average estimate. Morgan Stanley wraps up first-quarter earnings season Wednesday. Goldman Sachs’s companywide revenue increased 27 per cent to US$8.03 billion, compared with the US$8.33 billion average estimate of analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Expenses climbed 15 per cent to US$5.49 billion. Total trading revenue, which also includes equities, fell 2 per cent to US$3.36 billion. Stock trading dropped 6 per cent to US$1.67 billion, roughly matching analysts’ US$1.63 billion estimate. The first quarter of 2016 was the weakest start to the year for the firm since before the financial crisis. The period usually accounts for about a third of the entire year’s trading revenue, according to Oppenheimer & Co.’s Christopher Kotowski. Goldman’s commodities-trading unit is run by Greg Agran, while  Kayhan Mirza in London handles foreign exchange. Credit trading, also singled out for its weakness, is overseen by Justin Gmelich. Investment-banking revenue rose 16 per cent to US$1.7 billion, helped by debt underwriting, where revenue advanced 25 per cent to US$636 million. Equity underwriting surged 70 per cent to US$311 million, while fees from advising companies on mergers and acquisitions fell 2 per cent to US$756 million. Goldman Sachs said its investment-banking backlog decreased from the fourth quarter and last year’s first quarter. Revenue from the investing and lending segment, which houses stakes the firm has in other companies or loans made to corporations or high-net worth individuals, rose to US$1.46 billion from US$87 million in last year’s first quarter. Investment-management revenue rose 12 per cent to US$1.5 billion on higher management and incentive fees, and transaction revenue. Assets under supervision fell 0.4 per cent from the end of the year to US$1.37 trillion. Goldman Sachs’s share price surged 32 per cent from the US presidential election through the end of last year on optimism Trump would usher in pro-growth economic policies, and as firm alumni including former President Gary Cohn took up key positions in the administration. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years, but below forecast Ringgit at 4.4070/4100 against US greenback Alarm sounds in emerging currencies for top Asia forecaster KL shares open slightly lower, but rebounded thereafter Dollar kicked by ascendant sterling after May calls UK vote (VIDEO) Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion United Airlines CEO won’t resign Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Queen announce European tour dates First teaser for ‘Kingsman: The Golden Circle’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Minsheng Bank: Branch chief suspected of illegal conduct Tokyo stocks under pressure after British snap election news (VIDEO) KL shares turn lower at mid-morning Li: EU and China must promote free and fair trade Short-term rates expected to remain stable Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dennis Brack/Bloomberg Currency Traders Spot Fatal Flaw in Republicans' Border Tax Plan by Andrea Wong @MsAndreaWong More stories by Andrea Wong April 18, 2017, 6:00 PM EDT April 19, 2017, 12:14 AM EDT Core assumption about U.S. dollar appreciation is ‘laughable’ USD trade flow is rounding error in trillion-dollar FX market In Washington D.C., one of the selling points of an ambitious border-tax plan rests on a key economic assumption: The dollar will appreciate enough to offset any increase in the cost of cheap, imported goods that so many Americans have come to rely on. It’s just Econ 101, backed by well-established macroeconomic theory. But on Wall Street, traders and strategists who make a living in the $5.1-trillion-a-day currency market say such notions are preposterous. Even if congressional Republicans can set aside their differences to pass the proposed border-adjusted tax -- a prospect that seems more remote with each passing day -- you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone in the market who believes it will result in the greenback strengthening 25 percent, as the plan suggests. Part of the reason has to do with what they see as a misinterpretation of the underlying theory when applied to the real world. But just as important is the fundamental failure of politicians to appreciate how unpredictable the vast, foreign-exchange market can be, especially when global economic drivers collide and trillions of dollars change hands every day. “The FX market is the most difficult thing to forecast, and to build an inter-generational tax reform based on the assumption of what the FX market will do is a laughable notion,” David Woo, the head of global rates and FX strategy at Bank of America, said in a Bloomberg TV interview. Read more: the border-adjusted tax explained -- a QuickTake Q&A How the dollar responds is certain to have consequences that extend far beyond the currency market. If it fails to appreciate as Republicans expect, consumers and retailers that rely on imported goods (think Wal-Mart and Best Buy) will be hard hit and slow economic growth. Currency appreciation is also a key political defense in arguing the plan -- which taxes imports and exempts exports -- isn’t protectionist and doesn’t violate World Trade Organization rules, as a stronger dollar levels the playing field between foreign and domestic products. In fact, the dollar has given up most of its gains since the November election, which gave Donald Trump and the Republicans control of both the White House and Congress, partly as hopes for a quick passage of a comprehensive tax reform bill waned. For Woo, it all boils down to simple math. Daily trading of goods and services between the U.S. and the rest of the world averages about $14 billion. That amounts to 0.3 percent of the $4.4 trillion in dollars transacted in the global currency market each day. In short, little more than rounding error. Much of the ebb and flow in currencies are dictated by the vagaries of traders as they respond to changes in monetary policy, economic growth and political risk. At times, it can cause the dollar to veer away from levels that economists would consider rational using measures like purchasing power parity. To think that the dollar simply turns on trade policy would be naïve at best, Woo says. Strong Assumptions Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has voiced similar concerns. “There is more than trade that affects a country’s exchange rate,” Yellen said in congressional testimony in February. “A strong set of assumptions is needed to believe that markets would fully offset those changes” caused by the border-adjusted tax. Major importers of goods to the U.S. To be fair, it’s not as if House Republican leaders are just making it up. The plan’s assumptions about the dollar -- that it will rise just enough to bring down after-tax import prices relative to locally produced goods -- are rooted in a macroeconomic principle popularized by John Maynard Keynes in the late 1930s known as the “national income identity.” In its simplest form, it describes how a country such as the U.S. that saves less than it invests must automatically run a trade deficit. With a proposed border tax of 20 percent, the U.S. currency would then have to appreciate 25 percent to restore the trade balance by increasing the purchasing power of the dollars used to buy imports, and reducing the competitiveness of American exports. Real World House Speaker Paul Ryan, a key proponent of the Republican border tax proposal, said in February that the dollar’s rise is “ obvious and mathematical.” Spokeswoman AshLee Strong pointed to those remarks when asked to comment for this story. It’s all straightforward in theory, but in the real world, it’s anything but. According to JPMorgan Chase, adoption of a border tax could trigger tensions with trading partners or outright retaliation. What’s more, the appreciation that Republicans promise may be delivered in the form of inflation instead of a stronger dollar. That happens when retailers pass on the tax to consumers or when sellers of locally produced goods raise prices to take advantage of increased demand. So it’s really the inflation-adjusted dollar (often known as the real exchange rate) that adjusts rather than the nominal rate, which JPMorgan estimates may rise as little as 6 percent versus major trading partners. “The theory is only sound as it describes the real exchange rate, not the nominal exchange rate,” said Daniel Hui, a global FX strategist at JPMorgan. Known Unknown The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Of course, there’s no way to know for certain how currencies will respond to a border tax because no system in the world is quite like it. And economists from Alan Auerbach of the University of California at Berkeley, to those at the Peterson Institute for International Economics point to a provision in the tax proposal that allows U.S. manufacturers to deduct the wages they pay from their taxable income, which could lessen consumer-price pressures and instead may lead to a stronger dollar. “A wide range of respected economists believe that the dollar will appreciate substantially and quickly,” said Emily Schillinger, a spokeswoman for Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee. “Additionally, our pro-growth tax reform plan will create jobs, grow our economy and ensure that Americans’ dollars go further.” To UBS Wealth Management’s Thomas Flury, a number of risks could ultimately weaken the dollar. If local manufacturers fail to grab market share from importers, economic output could slow and force the Fed to ease up on the pace of its interest-rate hikes. Americans may just end up spending less. The dollar depends on “how the Fed reacts,” said Flury, the global head of currency strategy at UBS’s Chief Investment Office. “At least in the beginning of the transition, you have to expect slower growth.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone’s 10th Anniversary This Man Is Spending Millions to Break Elon Musk's Trump Ties Facebook Gives Staff Green Light to Join May 1 Political Protests At Kushners' Manhattan Tower, Debt Payments and Losses Increase May Chases an Early U.K. Election in Gamble for Brexit Unity Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Mpls. Council rejects Surdyk's deal, insists on tougher penalty Trump targets visa program for highly skilled workers Mpls. school board responds to protesters angry over layoffs of educators of color Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Rapist who wants out of MSOP tests how Minn. treats sex offenders High-profile Georgia congressional race heads to a runoff Indians feast on Twins' 'clunker' to take 11-4 victory Simple yet sound wisdom: Wild must take one step at a time in Game 4 Scientists prepare to march 'into the streets' Saturday in Minnesota, across U.S. Food companies try to embrace 4/20, tiptoe around controversy Adam Sandler announces rare standup gig in Minnesota next 419771063 Wells Fargo scandal weighs heavily on other big banks Fallout from cross-selling scheme is pushing other firms to re-examine sales practices.  By KEN SWEET Associated Press April 18, 2017 — 6:47pm Citigroup officials say they’ve looked at their bank’s sales behavior and have found nothing amiss. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint DALLAS – It's the topic the banking industry can't avoid, even when people prefer not to mention it by name: Wells Fargo. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about "cross-selling" and "incentive compensation." Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. And circulating among Wells Fargo's biggest competitors is the scathing report from the bank's board of directors that laid blame for its toxic sales practices on negligent management. Eager not to be the next Wells Fargo, some other big banks say they are examining their own practices against the board report and actively looking for ways to avoid any sales issues before becoming engulfed in a similar kind of scandal. "Any major occurrence in the industry is going to impact us all," said Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association, the trade and lobbying group that organized the recent CBA Live gathering. Wells had by far the most aggressive sales goals among the big banks, and the board's report said the problems date back at least 15 years — but that executives had little interest in dealing with the issue until it spiraled out of control. The board also reclaimed another $75 million in pay from former CEO John Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying they dragged their feet for years. This 2011 photo, shows the JPMorgan Chase and Co. sign at its Manhattan headquarters, New York. That report has been making its way through top executive offices at nearly every big bank, executives said. JPMorgan Chase's upper management is reviewing the report, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last week. The same is happening over at Citigroup. Both banks have looked at their own sales behavior, and say they found nothing amiss. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Donofrio declined to say whether executives reviewed the report, but stressed "we feel good about our sales practices." For the industry, the next potential shoe to drop will likely be from federal bank regulator the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, whose bank examiners are currently combing through each of the big bank sales programs. Their findings are expected this summer. And the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is also doing its own investigation. In the meantime, it was clear at CBA Live that managers were actively searching for ideas on how to stop what happened at Wells from potentially occurring at their banks. "We need to do a better job in teaching our front-line employees to speak up when something doesn't smell right," Ed Dwyer, chief risk officer for community banking at U.S. Bank, said to fellow bank executives in a panel. Nearly every breakout panel dealing directly or indirectly with sales practices was filled to capacity, or was standing-room only. They discussed possible industrywide changes to how bank employees are paid, or allowing typically back-of-house departments of a bank — compliance and risk — to have just as much say on business decisions as the sales and marketing departments. There was even talk about how bank compliance officers should be alerted to any potential whistleblower calls that may exist, typically something a company's human resources department would handle. It's a direct reaction to reports that Wells Fargo employees, who alerted management to the sales practices problems using the bank's ethics hot line, were sometimes fired for speaking out. Earlier this month, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration awarded $5.4 million to a Wells Fargo employee who was fired for raising alarms. Bankers also want to move away from specific sales quotas at their branches, such as how many checking accounts or credit cards each employee needs to open. Until this year, Wells Fargo management highlighted its "cross-sell ratio," which is the number of accounts or other services a Wells Fargo customer typically had at the bank. Wells was aiming for as many as eight per household, while most big banks aim to have two to three per customer. After the scandal, Wells got rid of its sales goals and restructured how it pays employees to focus less on opening checking accounts and more on how those bank accounts are actually used. The bank also stopped referring to its branches as "stores." No other banks have made public wholesale changes to their sales programs like Wells Fargo, but nearly all the major banks have or are conducting reviews. "Cross-sell for the sake of cross-sell is going to come back to bite you," said Nitin Mhatre, executive vice president of community banking at Connecticut-based Webster Bank, which has about 175 branches in New England. Mhatre said retail bank employees should instead focus on adding accounts or cards that seem a more natural fit for customers to expand their relationship with the bank, instead of trying to bolt on as many products as possible. "The thinking inside each of your banks should be: 'How have you solved a need for a customer?' " Mhatre said. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Mpls. Council rejects Surdyk's deal, insists on tougher penalty Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death Police identify man shot dead Monday in St. Paul, seek suspects for vigil gunshots Medtronic selling medical products business in $6.1B deal Adam Sandler announces rare standup gig in Minnesota After Castile shooting, St. Anthony officials release goal, objectives for police study Time is not on your side when it comes to credit debt Hennepin County to follow Sheriff's Office in automatically deleting e-mails sooner Some large shareholders of Wells Fargo seek more changes by board, executives Minnesota's homeless vet population declines More From Star Tribune 12:45am Eighth-seeded Chicago Bulls take 2-0 series lead on Boston Celtics The Chicago Bulls, an eight seed in a league in which eight seeds don't last long, beat the Celtics 111-97 on Tuesday in Boston and… 12:45am Tuesday's MLB roundup Miguel Gonzalez pitched shutout ball into the ninth inning to win a road start for the first time in two years, and Leury Garcia and… April 18 Scoreboard BASEBALLTWINS MINOR LEAGUE REPORTROCHESTER RED WINGS (CLASS AAA)Rochester 5, Gwinnett (Braves) 2Rochester410 000 000 — 5 6 0Gwinnett000 001 001 — 2 5 3W: Hurlbut (1-1, 0.00). L: Newcomb (1-1, 5.65.… April 18 Tuesday's NHL playoff roundup Markus Nutivaara, William Karlsson and Boone Jenner each had a goal and an assist and the Columbus Blue Jackets held on to beat the Pittsburgh… April 18 Georgia congressional race too close to call He tried to pull off major congressional upset. Top Stories Mpls. Council rejects Surdyk's deal, insists on tougher penalty Apr. 18 Trump targets visa program for highly skilled workers 12:08am Mpls. school board responds to protesters angry over layoffs of educators of color Apr. 18 Most Read In Wisconsin, Trump targets visas for highly skilled workers Climate change reroutes a Yukon river in a geological instant • World State Fair's 'Original' cheese curds stand closing after 42 years • Variety Google Earth is back on the map after making changes Tuesday's MLB roundup World Despite talk of a military strike, U.S. 'armada' was a long way from Korea Bookstore on wheels turns heads in Baghdad Nation Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Former President George H.W. Bush hospitalized in Houston Politics Trump targets visa program for highly skilled workers High-profile Georgia congressional race heads to a runoff markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Simple yet sound wisdom: Wild must take one step at a time in Game 4 Blues defenseman Bouwmeester carves out memorable career Twins Indians feast on Twins' 'clunker' to take 11-4 victory Twins notes: Duffey takes bullpen role and runs with it Vikings Draft preview: Vikings line overhaul continues in search for right guard Could the Vikings find first-round draft trade partner with Seattle? Celebrities Viewership of 'O'Reilly Factor' drops without Bill O'Reilly Police investigating club fight involving singer Chris Brown Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Volunteers still needed for 2018 Super Bowl in Minneapolis poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable (and regrettable) '80s proms How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Study uses epidural stimulation to aid people with spinal cord injur... 02:17 The Mayo Clinic is conducting a study using epidural stimulation on spinal ... Taste Wisconsin's Cosmic Wheel Creamery churns out beautiful small-batch cheeses New Twin Cities game bars put fun (and craft beers) on tap StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home Charts & Quotes Market Glance Commentary Education Trading Tools Contact Symbol Search Select a Commodity --Currencies-- U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso   --Energies-- Crude Oil Heating Oil Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Ethanol   --Financials-- 30 Year T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 10-Year Swaps 5-Year Swaps 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   --Grains-- Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice KCBT Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   --Indices-- S&P 500 Index E-Mini S&P 500 Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Nasdaq Dow Industrials E-Mini Dow NYSE Composite S&P Midcap 400 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini SmallCap 600 CRB CCI Index   --Meats-- Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Pork Bellies CME Milk   --Metals-- Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium NYSE Gold NYSE Silver   --Softs-- Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Sugar #16 Lumber Symbol Lookup User: Pass:   Remember Me   Market Snapshot Market Data provided by Barchart.com No-risk real-time trial Articles Market Commentary Futures 101 Commentary Q&A With The Experts Trading Strategies RSS Feed Markets Currencies (US$, BP, Yen) Energies (Crude, Gas, Oil) Financials (Bonds, Notes) Grains (Corn, Wheat, Oats) Indices (Dow, S&P, Minis) Meats (Cattle, Hogs, Pork) Metals (Gold, Silver, Copper) Softs (Cotton, OJ, Coffee) E-Mini S&P 500: Data disappoints! Tuesday, April 18, 2017 by DeWayne Reeves of CFRN The bank stocks were supposed to be the bright spot yet they were all down on the day! Goldman Sachs Group (GS) stock was 5 % lower down 4.72 % to $215.59 today as earnings did not meet expectations. The earnings of $5.15 per share while expectations were for $5.31 just let down traders. They only reported $1.69 billion from trading activities while $2 billion was projected. Bank of America (BAC) followed suit down -0.44 % to $22.71. JP Morgan Chase (JPM) was down 0.70 % to $85.16. Citibank (C) also was down 0.97 % to $58.42. The market is in a temporary bearish mode unless it penetrates $2372.00. The range today for the (June) E-Mini S&P 500 was $2347.00 to $2330.25 an inside to higher day. Wednesday’s range could be an inside to higher day around $2355.50 to $2336.50. Today’s Housing Starts for March were at 1.215 million annualized rate while the previous reading was 1.288 million annualized rate. The Housing Permits were at 1.260 million annualized rate while the previous reading was 1.213 million annualized rate. The Redbook Store Sales for the week of April 15th were 2.3 % while the previous reading was 1.6 %. The Industrial Production for March was 0.5 % while the previous reading was 0.0 %. Manufacturing was -0.4 % while the previous reading was 0.5 %. The Capacity Utilization was 76.1 % while the previous reading was 75.4 %. The FOMC minutes from the last meeting on March 14th – 15th took the same hawkish view of monetary policy as appropriate “fairly soon”! The policy makers seem to think that they may phase out their holdings of both Treasuries and mortgage backed securities. All agree that full employment is there yet the 2 % inflation target still remains slightly out of reach. They agree that government spending may result in economic growth but consumer confidence strength is vital to growth as well. As of April 13th, the Q1 2017 S&P 500 companies 6 % that reported 76 % that beat expectations 59 % beat the sales expectations. The VIX was 14.42 down -1.64 % as it normally trades inversely with the stock indexes. US Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis President James Bullard stated that interest rates could remain “exceptionally low” for some time as he has not seen any inflationary pressure. We will probably see the exhilaration from Trumps expansion words to disappointment perhaps if the plans do not come to fruition in a reasonable time. The American Petroleum Institute Stockpiles showed the Crude Oil Stocks down -0.84 million barrels. The Motor Gasoline Stocks were up +1.4 million barrels. A US web based gasoline price analyst group, Gasbuddy.com are calling the gas prices to rise 1 penny this week over last week’s prices. EIA Petroleum estimates for this week’s report forecast Crude Oil -1.50 million barrels and Gasoline Stocks -2.00 million barrels. OPEC’s Secretary General said that the Iraqi government assured the cartel that they will uphold the oil supply cut. Traders view this as a probable 98 % that the country will comply. The Oil Minister of Qatar has been monitoring the supply and demand balance watching the OPEC cuts going forward into the third quarter of 2017. Russia has cut production by 124,000 barrels per day. Projections of increased inventories have pinned oil prices for the near-term. The Iraqi Prime Minister has stated that in order to close the public deficit gap that they need $60.00 per barrel from their oil. OPEC reported January production to be off by 890,000 bpd. President Trump has brought a new concern in the energy markets. If the US produces a great deal of oil, how can OPEC freezes work to increase prices? The President is supposed to allow the new pipeline to pump more oil. US President Donald Trump has investors believing in his “make America great again” slogan. His fiscal stimulus ideas to expand the economy has increased the positive sentiment of traders. His spending ideas could increase potential inflation, but that would add to the banking sector. Also his impact on banking regulations should spur the lending institutions higher. The Fed had previously mentioned that they do not see a great improvement in the unemployment rate. They still forecast 4.5 % to 4.4 % next year while January’s was 4.8 %. Yellen considers the current monetary policy as moderately accommodative. Fed Chair Janet Yellen is in Office until January 2018 and vows to stay her term until whereby the new administration may make changes or appoint a new chair. Nightly Video Reports Emini.CFRN.net https://plus.google.com/communities/114456349514681998750 Take a One Week (5 Trading Days) in our Live Emini Training Room. No CC Required. 100% Free. Need a "One on One" #Emini Mentoring Session to see if you have what it takes to become a Trader? Book it Dano' Need a Platform and Indicator Demo? Get it here... Questions? 949-42-EMINI or Email support@cfrn.net Recent articles from this author E-Mini S&P 500: Data disappoints! - Tuesday, April 18, 2017 E-Mini S&P 500: Global growth sparks optimism! - Monday, April 17, 2017 E-Mini S&P 500: Wall Street stumped by Trump! - Wednesday, April 12, 2017 E-Mini S&P 500: The market may be in a wait and see mode! - Tuesday, April 11, 2017 E-Mini S&P 500: Fed Yellen’s upbeat outlook transcends to the market! - Monday, April 10, 2017 About the author DeWayne Reeves is the founder of CFRN and host of a popular radio program heard daily in over 20 countries. A former equities trader, he has focused primarily on the S&P 500 Emini Futures Market for the past 5 years. His insights and trading methodology are a blend of traditional technical analysis and the strategic use of proprietary indicators. He is the founding director of New Hope Orphanage and Primary School in Kampala Uganda East Africa which is home to over 800 orphans. Mr Reeves currently resides with his wife in Phoenix Az. where he actively trades his personal account. Tune in M-F from 11am-1pm Eastern for market analysis, technical tips and lively discussion. CFRN / www.cfrn.net Home  •  Charts & Quotes  •  Commentary  •  Authors  •  Education  •  Broker Search  •  Trading Tools  •  Help  •  Contact  •  Advertise With Us  •  Commodities Markets: Currencies  •   Energies  •   Financials  •   Grains  •   Indices  •   Meats  •   Metals  •   Softs The information contained on InsideFutures.com is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed. Market data is furnished on an exchange delayed basis by Barchart.com. Data transmission or omissions shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or cause for action. No information on the site, nor any opinion expressed, constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any futures or options contracts. InsideFutures.com is not a broker, nor does it have an affiliation with any broker. Copyright ©2005-2017 InsideFutures.com, a Barchart.com product. All rights reserved. About Us  •   Sitemap  •   Legal  •   Privacy Statement
Toggle navigation Join the ABA Shop ABA Calendar Member Directory ×Close Don't miss a story The latest legal news headlines delivered by email every weekday morning. Get our free email newsletter Email Address Sign me up! We take your privacy seriously. (Read our privacy policy) News Home Featured Latest News Topics In-Depth Magazine Digital Edition Legal Rebels Podcasts Building the 21st-Century Law Firm Law by the Numbers Blawgs Blawg Directory Search Blawgs Blawg 100 About Authors Contact Us Contests Harper Lee Prize Cartoon Caption Contest Ross Essay Contest Subscribe to the Magazine Subscribe to Email Newsletters Social Media RSS Feeds Media Kit Submit Home Daily News Federal judge who said he wouldn't wish case… Judiciary Federal judge who said he wouldn't wish case on his worst enemy refuses to recuse himself Posted Apr 18, 2017 03:35 pm CDT By Debra Cassens Weiss Tweet A federal judge who expressed annoyance with a case—saying he wouldn’t wish it on his worst enemy—said his comments don’t justify his recusal. U.S. District Judge Robert W. Sweet said in an April 14 decision (PDF) that his comments were attempts at humor, and they don’t constitute bias against the whistleblower plaintiff, former JPMorgan Chase employee Jennifer Sharkey. Above the Law has highlights from a Law360 (sub. req.) story that summarized Sweet’s opinion. Sweet made some of the comments after lawyers for Sharkey had suggested the case be reassigned to another judge because of a scheduling conflict. “I wouldn’t wish this case on my worst enemy,” Sweet said. “No, I’ve lived with it, and I suppose I can say I’ll probably die with it.” Sweet’s other comment was, “I would do anything to get rid of this case.” Sweet said the three comments, “though mistakenly made, uniformly and without reflection, do not demonstrate bias against the plaintiff but rather frustration at irresolution of the action.” The case has been ongoing for seven years. “I have been a United States district court judge for 39 years,” wrote Sweet, who is 94. “Impartiality and the appearance of impartiality are required to resolve difficult competing claims and to seek just result. This standard applies in all cases, including this one.” Previous: BigLaw practice areas with highest compensation had lowest percentages of women, study says Next: Lawyers for radio host Alex Jones argue in child custody case that his persona is an act Filed under: Trials & Litigation | Judiciary | Legal Ethics You might also like: Supreme Court overturns $2.7M sanction for discovery misconduct State judge who blocked Arkansas executions and protested is removed from capital cases Judge testifies that San Antonio DA threatened defense lawyers in her chambers Montana legislature says ABA model rule on discrimination and harassment violates First Amendment View the comments for this story We welcome your comments, but please adhere to our comment policy and the ABA Code of Conduct. Leave a comment Screen name Your screen name. Email address Your email address. Comment Notify me of follow-up comments? Yes Submit Comment Submit Most Read Most Commented Lawyer for man dragged from plane sees lawsuit likelihood, wants to stop airline bullying What grammar battles do you find yourself fighting? Law grad who sued for right to marry his laptop loses in one court, gets second chance in another Democrats to filibuster Neil Gorsuch nomination to Supreme Court, Schumer says Title VII protects gay workers, 7th Circuit rules; Posner backs 'interpretive updating' of old laws Poll: Which caption is on your wavelength? “Yes, madam. Any statement you make will be absolutely confidential.” “I’m from the satellite office. They brought me in to deal with the elephant in the room.” “It’s my virtual office.” View Results Topics Multistate bar exam scores drop to lowest point ever Associate can't sue over bonus determined by an 'intangible accounting device,' law firm says More career news ... ABA Legal Career Center Real Estate Attorney (Portland) - Schwabe, Williamson & Wyatt - Portland, OR Posted: Apr 18, 2017, 5:53 pm CDT More jobs ... ABA Journal American Bar Association 321 N Clark St Chicago, IL 60654-7598 800-285-2221 312-988-5522 Contact Us Featured Latest News Topics Magazine Digital Edition Blawg Directory Legal Rebels Podcasts Building the 21st-Century Law Firm Law by the Numbers Contests Social Media/ Apps RSS Feeds About ABA Journal Authors Tips & Pitches Corrections Reprints Back Issues Advertise With Us Subscribe Email Newsletters Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Copyright 2017 American Bar Association. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Navient will acquire approximately $6.9 billion in education loan assets from JPMorgan Chase WILMINGTON, Del., April 18, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Navient (Nasdaq:NAVI), a leading asset management and business processing services firm announced today it has reached an agreement to purchase JPMorgan Chase’s (NYSE:JPM) approximately $6.9 billion education loan portfolio.  “We welcome our new customers, and we commit to delivering best-in-class support to ensure a seamless transition,” said Jack Remondi, president and CEO, Navient. “Leveraging our 43-year track record of helping borrowers succeed, we will provide ongoing assistance to help our new customers continue to successfully manage their education loans. The transaction delivers on our business strategy and is a win-win for our company and our customers.”The portfolio is comprised of approximately $3.7 billion in federally guaranteed student loans, of which $1.6 are securitized, and approximately $3.2 billion in whole private education loans.Customers do not need to take any action at this time, and their servicing contacts remain unchanged. Navient anticipates converting the loans to its servicing platforms in the future, and will provide multiple consumer-tested personalized communications at the appropriate time.Closing of the acquisition is contingent upon the completion of certain customary closing conditions and is currently anticipated to occur in stages in the second quarter 2017. The transaction is expected to be accretive to Navient in 2017.About Navient Navient (Nasdaq:NAVI) is a Fortune 500 company that provides asset management and business processing solutions to education, healthcare, and government clients at the federal, state, and local levels. The company helps its clients and millions of Americans achieve financial success through services and support. Headquartered in Wilmington, Del., Navient employs team members in western New York, northeastern Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and other locations. Learn more at navient.com.Contact: Media: Nikki Lavoie, 302-283-4057, nikki.lavoie@navient.com Shannon O’Reilly, shannon.oreilly@jpmchase.com Investors: Joe Fisher, 302-283-4075, joe.fisher@navient.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FDA grants Roches TECENTRIQ (atezolizumab) accelerated approval as initial treatment for certain people with advanced bladder cancer Next PostNext CORRECTION: rue21 launches virtual stylist powered by mode.ai on Messenger Search Recent Posts Oracle Buys Moat International Medical Gauze Balls Market 2021 Professional Survey- Growth and Analysis- Industry Top Manufacturers, Trends, Size, Shares, Forecast 2017-2021 Malaysian PECT 2017: Unleashing Investment Opportunities in Asia International Medical Gas Cylinders Market 2021 Professional Survey- Growth and Analysis- Industry Top Manufacturers, Trends, Size, Shares, Forecast 2017-2021 International Medical Fixation Devices Market 2021 Professional Survey- Growth and Analysis- Industry Top Manufacturers, Trends, Size, Shares, Forecast 2017-2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Goldman, BofA Cash In on a Leveraged-Loan Frenzy Like No Other by Sally Bakewell @sallybakewell1 More stories by Sally Bakewell and Nabila Ahmed @MsNabilaAhmed More stories by Nabila Ahmed April 18, 2017, 2:15 PM EDT Risky-loan deals hit record high to boost biggest lenders ‘Narcotic need for higher yield’ in a low-rate environment Goldman Blames Commodities, Currencies for Trading Miss If yield is a drug, Wall Street’s working overtime to supply it. Investors’ global reach for income is giving America’s largest banks their biggest surge in risky-loan sales on record. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Bank of America Corp. on Tuesday joined JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. in reporting first-quarter gains of almost 40 percent in underwriting revenues. “There’s a narcotic need for higher yield by debt investors, and the Street is going to create the deals to satisfy that,” said David Hendler, founder of Viola Risk Advisors LLC. “Those with the better corporate-finance Rolodexes -- Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, JPMorgan and Citigroup -- are going to see the best deal flow because they’re connected to the mid-level companies that seek leveraged lending. It’s giving their earnings a boost." The biggest U.S. banks are benefiting from the pace at which companies -- propelled by expectations of more interest-rate hikes from the Federal Reserve -- are repricing and issuing loans to capitalize on a demand for returns amid pervasive low yields globally.  Banks arranged about $434 billion of leveraged loans in the first three months of the year, the most for a quarter in records going back to at least 1999, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. About half of the volume came from repricing loans. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Heightened leveraged-finance deal-flow helped lift Goldman Sachs’s first-quarter underwriting revenue by 37 percent, the company said in a statement Tuesday, posing a reprieve from a rare short-fall in bond-trading sales that stunned Wall Street. For Bank of America, a “strong performance in leveraged finance” led to a 38 percent increase in debt underwriting for the period, Chief Financial Officer Paul Donofrio said on a conference call with analysts. Industrywide Increase Goldman Sachs reported net revenue from underwriting of $947 million, in part “reflecting an increase in industrywide leveraged-finance activity,” according to the bank’s statement. The lender also reported revenue from fixed-income trading of $1.69 billion, falling short of analysts’ $2.03 billion estimate, because of weaker demand in commodities and currencies. Bank of America, which reported a 29 percent increase in fixed-income trading revenue, said debt underwriting for the first quarter rose to $926 million. JPMorgan last week reported a 34 percent surge in investment-banking revenue on higher debt- and equity-underwriting fees from strong issuance activity, while Citigroup posted a 39 percent jump in debt underwriting revenue. Overall, leveraged loans returned 0.8 percent to debt investors in the period, compared with 2.7 percent for junk bonds, Bloomberg data show. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone’s 10th Anniversary This Man Is Spending Millions to Break Elon Musk's Trump Ties Facebook Gives Staff Green Light to Join May 1 Political Protests At Kushners' Manhattan Tower, Debt Payments and Losses Increase May Chases an Early U.K. Election in Gamble for Brexit Unity Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 64° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Thunderstorms in the morning, then cloudy skies late. A few storms may be severe. High 78F. Winds E at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms during the evening, then cloudy skies overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 57F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: April 19, 2017 @ 1:15 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 3 Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Jan. 15, 2015, file photo, a Citibank sign hangs above a branch office in New York. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. Citigroup officials say they've looked at their bank's sales behavior and have found nothing amiss. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Seth Wenig FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 21, 2013, file photo, the JPMorgan Chase & Co. logo is displayed at their headquarters in New York. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. JPMorgan Chase officials say they've looked at their bank's sales behavior and have found nothing amiss. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Rogelio V. Solis This April 11, 2017, photo shows a Wells Fargo bank in northeast Jackson, Miss. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis) AP Wells Fargo scandal weighs heavily on other big banks By KEN SWEET AP Business Writer Apr 18, 2017 Updated 12 hrs ago 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Jan. 15, 2015, file photo, a Citibank sign hangs above a branch office in New York. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. Citigroup officials say they've looked at their bank's sales behavior and have found nothing amiss. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Seth Wenig FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 21, 2013, file photo, the JPMorgan Chase & Co. logo is displayed at their headquarters in New York. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. JPMorgan Chase officials say they've looked at their bank's sales behavior and have found nothing amiss. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Rogelio V. Solis This April 11, 2017, photo shows a Wells Fargo bank in northeast Jackson, Miss. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis) DALLAS (AP) — It's the topic the banking industry can't avoid, even when people prefer not to mention it by name: Wells Fargo. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about "cross-selling" and "incentive compensation." Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. And circulating among Wells Fargo's biggest competitors is the scathing report from the bank's board of directors that laid blame for its toxic sales practices on negligent management. Eager not to be the next Wells Fargo, some other big banks say they are examining their own practices against the board report and actively looking for ways to avoid any sales issues before becoming engulfed in a similar kind of scandal. "Any major occurrence in the industry is going to impact us all," said Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association, the trade and lobbying group that organized the recent CBA Live gathering. Wells had by far the most aggressive sales goals among the big banks, and the board's report said the problems date back at least 15 years — but that executives had little interest in dealing with the issue until it spiraled out of control. The board also reclaimed another $75 million in pay from former CEO John Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying they dragged their feet for years. That report has been making its way through top executive offices at nearly every big bank, executives said. JPMorgan Chase's upper management is reviewing the report, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last week. The same is happening over at Citigroup. Both banks have looked at their own sales behavior, and say they found nothing amiss. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Dinofrio declined to say whether executives reviewed the report, but stressed "we feel good about our sales practices." For the industry, the next potential shoe to drop will likely be from federal bank regulator the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, whose bank examiners are currently combing through each of big bank sales programs. Their findings are expected this summer. And the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is also doing its own investigation. In the meantime, it was clear at CBA Live that managers were actively searching for ideas on how to stop what happened at Wells from potentially occurring at their banks. "We need to do a better job in teaching our front-line employees to speak up when something doesn't smell right," Ed Dwyer, chief risk officer for community banking at U.S. Bank, said to fellow bank executives in a panel. Nearly every breakout panel dealing directly or indirectly with sales practices was filled to capacity, or was standing room-only. They discussed possible industry-wide changes to how bank employees are paid, or allowing typically back-of-house departments of a bank — compliance and risk — to have just as much say on business decisions as the sales and marketing departments. There was even talk about how bank compliance officers should be alerted to any potential whistleblower calls that may exist, typically something a company's human resources department would handle. It's a direct reaction to reports that Wells Fargo employees, who alerted management to the sales practices problems using the bank's ethics hotline, were sometimes fired for speaking out. Earlier this month, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration awarded $5.4 million to a Wells Fargo employee who was fired for raising alarms. Bankers also want to allow move away from specific sales quotas at their branches, like how many checking accounts or credit cards each employee needs to open. Until this year, Wells Fargo management highlighted its "cross-sell ratio," which is the number of accounts or other services a Wells Fargo customer typically had at the bank. Wells was aiming for as many as eight per household, while most big banks aim to have two to three per customer. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. After the scandal, Wells got rid of its sales goals and restructured how it pays employees to focus less on opening checking accounts and more on how those bank accounts are actually used. The bank also stopped referring to its branches as "stores." No other banks have made public wholesale changes to their sales programs like Wells Fargo, but nearly all the major banks have or are conducting reviews. "Cross-sell for the sake of cross-sell is going to come back to bite you," said Nitin Mhatre, executive vice president of community banking at Connecticut-based Webster Bank, which has about 175 branches in New England. Mhatre said retail bank employees should instead focus on adding accounts or cards that seem a more natural fit for customers to expand their relationship with the bank, instead of trying to bolt on as many products as possible. "The thinking inside each of your banks should be: 'How have you solved a need for a customer?,'" Mhatre said. ____ Ken Sweet is the banking and consumer financial issues writer for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at @kensweet. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Consumer Banking Banking And Credit Financial Services Executive Compensation Wages And Salaries Personnel Corporate Management Corporate News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Bulldogs rally past Muskies with strong 2nd half Tuesday's prep roundup: Muscatine girls tennis knocks off Bettendorf PREP SCOREBOARD | Tuesday, April 11 Bettendorf pulls away from worn-down Muskies Monday's prep report More on this topic GM announces China version of hybrid Volt US Navy redesigning its submarines to accommodate women Nevada Senate approves bill for 3 paid sick days yearly Argentine lemon ban Trump protectionism or sanitary measure? Thumbs-up for electronic sports at the 2022 Asian Games Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Body of MHS graduate reported missing in Iowa City found The places it will go: Bank building gets a second life as a 24-hour day care L-M grad Matt Shoultz takes over Falcons football program Muskie seniors ready to take advantage of opportunity to compete in college Butler excited for chance to lead L-M softball program 1 dead in Wapello moped crash Special ed students to attend all Muscatine schools next year Board approves removal of loop in Discovery Park, Bonebrake opposes proposed county employee hires Traci L. ‘Luce’ Nickerson Traci L. Luce Nickerson Currents Movies Director Rian Johnson reveals first trailer for 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' +5 Health Overcoming opioids: The quest for less addictive drugs +28 National Photos: Scenes from the 121st Boston Marathon Arenado hits 2 home runs, Rockies hold off Dodgers 4-3 Record-setting Triggs helps A's top Rangers 4-2 Chris Pratt's family keep him grounded Saoirse Ronan inks Galway Grill on Ed Sheeran Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ross Stores’ (ROST) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Coach’s (COH) Hold Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Inogen Inc (INGN) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Sidoti Lumos Networks Corp (LMOS) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Grana y Montero SAA (GRAM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Sell” by Brokerages PTC Therapeutics (PTCT) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $591.95 Million BNK Petroleum Inc. (BKX) Director Ford Nicholson Buys 50,000 Shares of Stock Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.95 Billion $1.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) This Quarter Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Dimension Therapeutics (DMTX) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Engold Mines Ltd (EGM) Director Driesum Rolf Van Acquires 29,000 Shares of Stock $0.27 EPS Expected for Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) This Quarter G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (GIII) Director Laura H. Pomerantz Sells 2,310 Shares Oracle Co. (ORCL) Director Hector Garcia-Molina Sells 3,750 Shares Epsilon Energy Limited (EPS) Insider Paul Callis Atwood Buys 23,000 Shares of Stock FY2017 EPS Estimates for Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) Increased by Analyst Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Crane (CR) Stock Price Cintas (CTAS) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Inogen Inc (INGN) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Sidoti April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Analysts at Sidoti initiated coverage on shares of Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday, The Fly reports. The firm set a “neutral” rating on the medical technology company’s stock. Several other research analysts also recently commented on INGN. Needham & Company LLC raised their target price on Inogen from $78.00 to $83.00 and gave the stock a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on Inogen to $65.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Inogen from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. TheStreet upgraded Inogen from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price target on Inogen and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $72.60. Shares of Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) traded down 1.340% on Tuesday, reaching $75.741. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 99,068 shares. Inogen has a 12 month low of $43.16 and a 12 month high of $79.94. The stock has a market cap of $1.55 billion, a P/E ratio of 78.084 and a beta of 1.07. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $74.67 and its 200-day moving average price is $66.21. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The medical technology company reported $0.25 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.15. Inogen had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 7.70%. The business earned $50.85 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $46.19 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.19 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 25.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that Inogen will post $1.04 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/inogen-inc-ingn-receives-new-coverage-from-analysts-at-sidoti.html. In other news, EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of Inogen stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.85, for a total transaction of $184,625.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 4,833 shares in the company, valued at approximately $356,917.05. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Brenton Taylor sold 3,750 shares of Inogen stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.07, for a total value of $262,762.50. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 31,851 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,231,799.57. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 5.18% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Inogen during the third quarter worth about $211,000. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its stake in shares of Inogen by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,220 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $193,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. New York State Common Retirement Fund increased its stake in shares of Inogen by 2.0% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 211,440 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $12,665,000 after buying an additional 4,225 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Inogen by 11.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,179,565 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $70,656,000 after buying an additional 121,397 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Inogen by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 67,727 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $4,057,000 after buying an additional 449 shares during the period. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device. Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Londonmetric Property PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Dimension Therapeutics (DMTX) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Engold Mines Ltd (EGM) Director Driesum Rolf Van Acquires 29,000 Shares of Stock $0.27 EPS Expected for Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) This Quarter G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (GIII) Director Laura H. Pomerantz Sells 2,310 Shares Oracle Co. (ORCL) Director Hector Garcia-Molina Sells 3,750 Shares Epsilon Energy Limited (EPS) Insider Paul Callis Atwood Buys 23,000 Shares of Stock FY2017 EPS Estimates for Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) Increased by Analyst Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Crane (CR) Stock Price Cintas (CTAS) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Care.com (CRCM) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.21 Brokerages Expect Childrens Place Inc (PLCE) Will Post Earnings of $1.63 Per Share $855.09 Million in Sales Expected for Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) This Quarter WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.72 Per Share $0.61 Earnings Per Share Expected for Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) This Quarter $181.85 Million in Sales Expected for Tennant Company (TNC) This Quarter Mogo Finance Technology Inc (MOGO) Insider Michael A. Wekerle Acquires 82,600 Shares Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Major Shareholder Peter R. Kellogg Purchases 15,000 Shares Viewray Inc (VRAY) Insider Fmr Llc Sells 115,860 Shares of Stock Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Shares Sold by Howland Capital Management LLC Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several brokerages have updated their recommendations and price targets on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC (LON: LMP) in the last few weeks: 3/31/2017 – Londonmetric Property PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 175 ($2.20) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Londonmetric Property PLC was upgraded by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc to a “buy” rating. They now have a GBX 166 ($2.09) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 163 ($2.05). 3/29/2017 – Londonmetric Property PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 155 ($1.95) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Londonmetric Property PLC had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 170 ($2.14) price target on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Londonmetric Property PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 150 ($1.89) price target on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Londonmetric Property PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 155 ($1.95) price target on the stock. 3/13/2017 – Londonmetric Property PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 155 ($1.95) price target on the stock. Shares of Londonmetric Property PLC (LON:LMP) traded up 0.60% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 167.00. The company had a trading volume of 1,771,886 shares. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.04 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 156.60 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 151.13. Londonmetric Property PLC has a one year low of GBX 133.90 and a one year high of GBX 167.80. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 18th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 16th will be given a GBX 1.80 ($0.02) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 16th. In related news, insider Andrew Livingston acquired 32,895 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 23rd. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 152 ($1.91) per share, for a total transaction of £50,000.40 ($62,933.17). LondonMetric Property Plc is a property investment and development company. The Company’s segments include Retail, Distribution, Offices, Residential and Development. The Company is involved in retailer-led distribution, out of town and convenience retail. The Company’s portfolio includes distribution and retail businesses across the United Kingdom. Receive News & Ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Netshoes Announces Closing of its Initial Public Offering on the New York Stock Exchange NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Netshoes (Cayman) Limited (“Netshoes”) (NYSE: NETS), a Latin American e-commerce platform, today announced the closing of its initial public offering (IPO) of 8,250,000 common shares on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) at a public offering price of US$18.00 per common share. The common shares began trading on the NYSE on April 12, 2017 under the symbol “NETS” and Netshoes raised net proceeds of US$138,847,500.00 from this offering. Immediately after this offering, Netshoes will have 31,025,936 outstanding common shares. Netshoes has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 1,237,500 additional common shares at the IPO price less the underwriting discount. Goldman, Sachs & Co., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Allen & Company LLC and Jefferies LLC served as joint book-running managers for the offering. A registration statement related to the initial public offering has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and was declared effective on April 11, 2017. The offering is being made solely by means of the written prospectus forming part of the effective registration statement. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Goldman, Sachs & Co. – Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, Telephone: 1-866-471-2526, Facsimile: 212-902-9316, Email: prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com J.P. Morgan Securities LLC – Broadridge Financial Solutions, Attn: David Mittler, 1155 Long Island Ave, Edgewood, NY 11717, Telephone: 866-803-9204, Email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com Banco Bradesco BBI S.A.– 450 Park Ave, 32nd Floor, New York NY, 10022, Attention: Isabela Behar, Telephone: 212-888-9142, Facsimile: 212-308-4669, Email: Isabela.behar@bradescobbi.com Allen & Company LLC – Prospectus Department, 711 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10022, 10th Floor, Telephone: 212-339-2220, Email: dweidlein@allenco.com Jefferies LLC – Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10022, Telephone: 877-821-7388, Email: Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. About Netshoes Netshoes is the leading sports and lifestyle online retailer in Latin America and one of the largest online retailers in the region, with operations in Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico. Through the websites Netshoes and Zattini, as well as through partner-branded store sites it manages, Netshoes offers customers a wide selection of products and services for sports, fashion and beauty. Netshoes recently started to provide B2B operations to partner suppliers, and launched its online third-party marketplace across all of its sites. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Token.FM, First Blockchain-Based Direct-to-Fan Music Platform, to Launch Initial Trial in May, Opens Series A Round Next PostNext Prostate Cancer Biomarker Market to Reflect Impressive Growth Rate During 2017 – 2025: Persistence Market Research Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Goldman's fintech revolution can’t come fast enough The strongest earnings growth in 5 years will fail to boost the market: JPMorgan Netflix bulls on Wall Street unfazed by mixed results — research wrap Buy McDonald's because of its new menu offerings, digital ordering, Bernstein says Apple's services business will double in 3 years, Credit Suisse predicts Morning Top 10 Tuesday Goldman makes this beer importer one of its favorite stocks Buy Imax because of its improving China box office, analyst says Morning Top 10 Monday U.S. banks all dressed up no where to grow Spring housing sales off to 'robust' start, analyst says; recommends Toll, Lennar Here are Leon Cooperman's favorite stocks right now Morning Top 10 Thursday Buy PayPal because credit card competition fears ‘overblown’: Analyst Lululemon shares, down 20% so far in 2017, are poised for a comeback: Analyst This chart shows a key part of the 'Trump trade' may still have some life left Buy Netflix because subscriber numbers will top Street next week, Goldman says Hess shares to rally 60% in the next year, Bank of America predicts Western Digital to surge more than 30% on chip shortage, JPMorgan says Goldman makes Hilton a favorite pick, sees shares jumping more than 30% Goldman: Market going lower, so buy stocks with rising profitability Morning Top 10 Monday Apple will launch a new high-end iPhone model this year, analyst says JPMorgan recommends Facebook and Netflix into earnings, but is 'cautious' on Amazon Wal-Mart to rally 15% as it shows 'new prowess' online, Telsey Advisory predicts Morning Top 10 Friday Bezos’ deep pockets give him the edge over Musk in space These are the 5 favorite tech stocks from Wall Street's top analysts Be wary of bank stocks into earnings season, strategist warns Deutsche Bank downgrades T-Mobile because of wireless service pricing pressure AMD to plunge because it is ‘priced for perfection,’ Goldman says Morning Top 10 Thursday These 9 stocks will thrive from even modest tax reform, Jefferies says Trump is not going to like what's behind this winning trade since the election Sell Shake Shack on saturation risk from opening new restaurants, Goldman says Buy Under Armour because social media sentiment is improving, Jefferies says Citigroup and Wells Fargo upgraded by KBW before earnings on rising rates Morning Top 10 Wednesday This chart could hold the clue to the next big interest rate move Buy Apple because suppliers are seeing rising demand, analyst says Caterpillar to rally 30% on construction equipment turnaround, Goldman says Citi downgrades Bank of America on valuation after near 40% rally since election Sell Nvidia because card demand going ‘from bad to worse,’ analyst says Apple proves once again it can be cold-blooded with suppliers 9 ‘most crowded’ stocks investors may want to avoid, Credit Suisse says Buy Live Nation because millennials driving rising concert ticket sales: Goldman April is the Dow's best month and these stocks do particularly well Netflix will miss its US subscriber guidance, analyst says Sell Under Armour because of a price war with Nike, analyst says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: After a smooth 5% climb in the 1st quarter, rally still looks healthy Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead Buy McDonald's because the new fresh beef Quarter Pounder will increase sales, Credit Suisse says These are the 5 favorite commodity stocks from Wall Street's top analysts Strategist Lee: Junk bond disturbance usually means bad things for stocks Citi downgrades this high-flying Apple supplier because iPhone upside priced in Morning Top 10 Friday Breakingviews: Sears may leave an even bigger finance legacy S&P 500 gains for the year are in, BMO says, so bet on growth stocks from here Analysts' pie-in-the-sky earnings estimates for 2017 to come crashing down, strategist says Buy energy stocks on the dip because oil prices will rise, Jefferies says This Apple chip supplier will surge because of the next iPhone, JPMorgan says Goldman downgrades Goodyear shares because of heavy tire discounting by dealers Morning Top 10 Thursday Karma. BlackRock brings Wall Street some automation payback Buy Morgan Stanley due to its improving trading business, Deutsche Bank says These construction materials stocks will rally on infrastructure plan, Citi says Amazon will be worth $1 trillion one day, Barclays predicts Sell Victoria's Secret parent shares on Aerie competition, Jefferies says Mexican peso, stocks are strong performers in March How to invest in Trump’s tax reform, infrastructure plans Morning Top 10 Tuesday Here's why the most bullish Snap analyst on Wall Street loves the stock Best Buy upgraded on potential Sears, Hhgregg store closures, analyst says Goldman: Expect a delay in tax reform and watch the market fall Buy Apple because new iPhone will spark ‘high pent-up replacement' demand, JPMorgan says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: Fewer stock pickers doesn't necessarily make it easier to outperform Breakingviews: Eton Park Buy financials on the dip because of rising interest rates, strategist says TipRanks: Insiders with great track records are buying these 3 health-care stocks Buy Under Armour because survey points to ‘compelling growth,’ Jefferies says Buy Apple on 'significantly larger' new iPhone cycle, analyst says Alibaba to rally 25 percent-plus on surging cloud business, analyst says Sell this tobacco stock because rising gas prices will hurt sales: RBC Buy Apple on excitement for the next iPhone, higher pricing, analyst says Sell Whole Foods shares because store is 'victim of its own success,' UBS says This stock will surge more than 30% on its new cloud-based security offering, Goldman says The bond market is no longer convinced Trump can spark an economic boom This chip stock will surge this year on better profitability, Credit Suisse says Electric autos overhyped, bet on cleaner burning engine suppliers: Deutsche Bank Morgan Stanley downgrades airline stocks on too much added capacity Market is trading on Trump’s fiscal policy chances, Barclays says Buy Monster Beverage on international growth, JPMorgan says BTIG's Greenfield: I was wrong on Facebook. I'm upgrading. 10 ways to play a coming dealmaking surge This cloud play could see sales double in three years, analyst says Buy AMD because Ryzen processors will take share from Intel, Jefferies says CF Industries to rally more than 20% on improving fertilizer prices, Goldman says This beat-up security stock will rally nearly 70% on turnaround, analyst says › Pro Analysis The strongest earnings growth in 5 years will fail to boost the market, JPMorgan says. Here's why... Tae Kim | @firstadopter 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Ford Williams | Courtesy U.S. Navy | Reuters U.S. Navy guided-missile destroyer USS Porter (DDG 78) conducts strike operations while in the Mediterranean Sea which the U.S. Defense Department said was part of a cruise missile strike against Syria on April 7, 2017. JPMorgan warned investors to be cautious on the market due to geopolitical uncertainty even as it expects a solid earnings season. "S&P 500 is expected to deliver [its] strongest earnings growth in 22 quarters with momentum driven by recovering U.S. and global economic growth, higher oil prices, and rising rates for financials," strategist Dubravko Lakos-Bujas wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. "While stronger earnings growth … has typically coincided with a positive … drift for S&P 500, we continue to believe geopolitical risks (upcoming French election, Syria/Russia, North Korea/China) are likely to weigh on equities in the short term and could overshadow the constructive tone from this earnings season," he added. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- Pro Analysis Breakingviews: Goldman fintech revolution can’t come fast enough The strongest earnings growth in 5 years will fail to boost the market, JPMorgan says. Here's why... Netflix bulls on Wall Street unfazed by mixed results — research wrap Buy McDonald's because of its new menu offerings, digital ordering, Bernstein says Apple's services business will double in 3 years, Credit Suisse predicts To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
News Sports Business Real Estate 71° Login Subscribe Full Menu 71° Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us E-edition Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Crime Local Databases Education Lakewood Ranch Herald Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Submit a News Tip Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Breaking News Blog I Am Woman Hear Me Write Sports All Sports Rays Spring Training Bucs High Schools FSU UF USF Outdoors Tennis Blogs & Columnists David Wilson Alan Dell Jason Dill Politics Politics Elections Business All Business Real Estate News Retail Small Business Port Manatee Living All Living Food & Drink Health Pets Religion Blogs & Columnists Cooking With Local Chefs Gulf Coast Cooking Cravings by Janelle O'Dea Entertainment All Entertainment Arts & Culture Fairs & Festivals Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Restaurants Local Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Marty Clear Opinion All Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. Rogelio V. Solis AP In light of the Wells Fargo scandal, JPMorgan Chase officials say they’ve looked at their bank’s sales behavior and found nothing amiss. Seth Wenig AP In light of the Wells Fargo scandal, Citigroup officials say they’ve looked at their bank’s sales behavior and have found nothing amiss. Mark Lennihan AP 1 of 3 Business April 18, 2017 2:35 PM Wells Fargo scandal weighing heavily on other big banks By Ken Sweet Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story DALLAS It’s the topic the banking industry can’t avoid, even when people prefer not to mention it by name: Wells Fargo. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. And circulating among Wells Fargo’s biggest competitors is the scathing report from the bank’s board of directors that laid blame for its toxic sales practices on negligent management. Eager not to be the next Wells Fargo, some other big banks say they are examining their own practices against the board report and actively looking for ways to avoid any sales issues before becoming engulfed in a similar kind of scandal. “Any major occurrence in the industry is going to impact us all,” said Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association, the trade and lobbying group that organized the recent CBA Live gathering. Wells had by far the most aggressive sales goals among the big banks, and the board’s report said the problems date back at least 15 years — but that executives had little interest in dealing with the issue until it spiraled out of control. The board also reclaimed another $75 million in pay from former CEO John Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying they dragged their feet for years. That report has been making its way through top executive offices at nearly every big bank, executives said. JPMorgan Chase’s upper management is reviewing the report, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last week. The same is happening over at Citigroup. Both banks have looked at their own sales behavior, and say they found nothing amiss. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Dinofrio declined to say whether executives reviewed the report, but stressed “we feel good about our sales practices.” For the industry, the next potential shoe to drop will likely be from federal bank regulator the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, whose bank examiners are currently combing through each of big bank sales programs. Their findings are expected this summer. And the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is also doing its own investigation. In the meantime, it was clear at CBA Live that managers were actively searching for ideas on how to stop what happened at Wells from potentially occurring at their banks. “We need to do a better job in teaching our front-line employees to speak up when something doesn’t smell right,” Ed Dwyer, chief risk officer for community banking at U.S. Bank, said to fellow bank executives in a panel. Nearly every breakout panel dealing directly or indirectly with sales practices was filled to capacity, or was standing room-only. They discussed possible industry-wide changes to how bank employees are paid, or allowing typically back-of-house departments of a bank — compliance and risk — to have just as much say on business decisions as the sales and marketing departments. There was even talk about how bank compliance officers should be alerted to any potential whistleblower calls that may exist, typically something a company’s human resources department would handle. It’s a direct reaction to reports that Wells Fargo employees, who alerted management to the sales practices problems using the bank’s ethics hotline, were sometimes fired for speaking out. Earlier this month, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration awarded $5.4 million to a Wells Fargo employee who was fired for raising alarms. Bankers also want to allow move away from specific sales quotas at their branches, like how many checking accounts or credit cards each employee needs to open. Until this year, Wells Fargo management highlighted its “cross-sell ratio,” which is the number of accounts or other services a Wells Fargo customer typically had at the bank. Wells was aiming for as many as eight per household, while most big banks aim to have two to three per customer. After the scandal, Wells got rid of its sales goals and restructured how it pays employees to focus less on opening checking accounts and more on how those bank accounts are actually used. The bank also stopped referring to its branches as “stores.” No other banks have made public wholesale changes to their sales programs like Wells Fargo, but nearly all the major banks have or are conducting reviews. “Cross-sell for the sake of cross-sell is going to come back to bite you,” said Nitin Mhatre, executive vice president of community banking at Connecticut-based Webster Bank, which has about 175 branches in New England. Mhatre said retail bank employees should instead focus on adding accounts or cards that seem a more natural fit for customers to expand their relationship with the bank, instead of trying to bolt on as many products as possible. “The thinking inside each of your banks should be: ‘How have you solved a need for a customer?,'” Mhatre said. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 hours ago Acapulco Tropical bakery manager explains how to make authentic Cuban bread 1:19 10 hours ago Acapulco Tropical bakery manager explains how to make authentic Cuban bread 0:58 6 days ago Ellenton-based company wholesales seashells and more 1:03 7 days ago The best airlines of 2017 View More Video Business Inspector who tried to rein in illegal logging was fired Arkansas inmates set to die Thursday claim innocence GM announces China version of hybrid Volt AP investigation shows Peru backsliding on illegal logging GM announces China version of hybrid Volt Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions E-Edition (Digital Replica) Subscriber Services Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise with Us Shopping Local Deals Special Sections Public Notices More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Business South Florida employers want skilled workers, but find recruitment difficult with high cost of living Workforce Skills Gap David Armstrong, president of Broward College, presented a new report Tuesday on South Florida's workforce skills gap. David Armstrong, president of Broward College, presented a new report Tuesday on South Florida's workforce skills gap. Marcia Heroux PoundsSun Sentinel Half of more than 300 South Florida employers surveyed say they’re finding it difficult to find employees who have the technical and soft skills they need, according to a new tri-county Workforce Skills Gap report released Tuesday. Soft skills include critical thinking, communications and teamwork. Some area employers also said they were looking for punctuality and reliability. At the same time, the report points to a disparity between wages being paid and the cost of housing and living in South Florida. “This community is the worst regional area in the country when you compare the cost of housing to the levels of wages. That gap — we have to do something about it,” said J. David Armstrong Jr., president of Broward College. Armstrong made the report public Tuesday at a Six Pillars Broward event at Broward College in Davie. The report covers the Miami-Fort-Lauderdale-West Palm Beach metro area and was conducted by Boyette Strategic Advisors of Little Rock, Ark., for the Greater Fort Lauderdale Alliance. It was paid for with a $125,000 grant from financial services company JPMorgan Chase & Co. The study found that the highest future demand for regional employees will be in the aviation and aerospace sectors and in information technology. Former U.S. Sen. George LeMieux, who is heading a committee to help brand Fort Lauderdale as a place for “great talent.,” said growth of the aviation sector will be a prime focus. “We think aviation is a competitive advantage for Broward County,” said LeMieux, board chairman and a shareholder of the Gunster law firm. Armstrong said Broward College plans to offer a bachelor’s degree in aviation. The college has partnered with Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach and is close to formalizing partnerships with other aviation universities, he said. But challenges include disparity between the wages paid to and the cost of living in South Florida, which hurts recruitment from higher-paying metro areas, the report says. The average hourly earnings in Broward County, for example, is $21.37 compared with an average of $23.17 nationally. Yet the cost of living in Broward is 10 percent higher than for the entire U.S., the report says. For its analysis, Boyette conducted more than 80 discussions with employers, economic development specialists, educators and community leaders; and did online surveys of more than 9,000 employers, residents, high school and college students. Of the residents interviewed, many showed loyalty to their employers, with one-third working for the same company or organization for 15 or more years. More than half the residents commute 20 minutes or more to work. And two-thirds are interested in additional training, primarily in business, information technology and management. In technology, employers report many IT workers with valuable skills, but not enough who have bachelor’s degrees. The report’s recommendations include teaching “Adult 101” classes on basic workplace skills to those in high school and college; identify how workers can move from entry-level to more highly skilled positions in local companies; support workers who want to enhance their skills; and consider non-traditional pathways to earning credentials, such as recognizing skills earned while working, according to the report. More collaboration among employers, educators, workforce organizations and community groups is critical to meeting the challenges, according to the report. Collaboration is needed on training the workforce, understanding employers’ workforce needs and provide “realistic” training opportunities that offer workers flexibility in learning new skills. Mason Jackson, president of CareerSource Broward, which coordinates much of the county’s workforce training, said Tuesday that some employers need to rethink their hiring process and demands. “I’ve seen job descriptions that would require you to win the Nobel Prize twice to qualify,” he said. Jackson said there also must be support of different paths to careers that include college, technical schools and entrepreneurship training. “It’s not just about being an air-conditioning technician, it’s about owning the company," he said. The disparity in wages and cost of living in South Florida also needs to be addressed, including more “attainable” housing for the younger workforce, the report says. “This is a long process, and it will take some years and focus, and all of us working together to make it a reality,” Armstrong said. mpounds@sunsentinel.com or 561-243-6650, twitter: @marciabiz Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Nobel Prize Awards George LeMieux JPMorgan Chase & Co. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 76°
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 45 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER APRIL 19, 2017 APRIL 19, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 19, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 45 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Interest rates boost Bank of America profits By KEN SWEET The Associated Press First Published Apr 18 2017 12:45PM    •    Last Updated Apr 18 2017 12:45 pm In this Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo, a man uses a Bank of America ATM near the company's headquarters in Charlotte, N.C. Bank of America Corporation reports earnings Tuesday, April 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton) In this Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo, a man uses a Bank of America ATM near the company's headquarters in Charlotte, N.C. Bank of America Corporation reports earnings Tuesday, April 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • Bank of America's first quarter profits grew nearly 40 percent, the bank said Tuesday, helped by higher interest rates as well as a strong performance in its investment banking division. The Charlotte, N.C.-based consumer banking giant reported net income of $4.86 billion, compared with $3.47 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Bank of America earned 41 cents per share, beating the 35 cents that analysts were looking for. "The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that," BofA's CEO Brian Moynihan said in a prepared statement. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Like its major competitors, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo, Bank of America benefited from higher interest rates. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates once in December and again in March, which has allowed the big retail banks to charge more for their loans. The bank said it had net interest income of $11.06 billion, compared with $10.49 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank expects that if interest rates continue to move higher, Bank of America could see its net interest income grow by $3.3 billion over the next 12 months. Bank of America's investment and trading divisions, which includes Merrill Lynch, also had a strong quarter, in line with the bank's competitors. Global investment banking had net income of $1.73 billion compared with $1.09 billion in the same period a year earlier. Bank of America's desks did much better than Goldman Sachs, who also reported its results on Tuesday which missed analysts' expectations. Revenue from trading rose to $3.9 billion from $3.4 billion. Overall, Bank of America had revenue of $22.49 billion compared with $20.79 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank was able to keep its expenses flat as well, at $14.84 billion, which helped bolster the bank's bottom line. Bank of America's stock fell 31 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $22.47 in midday trading.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Huntsman says University of Utah 'power grab' is behind firing of acclaimed researcher from cancer i Monson: Kalani Sitake is quietly picking up the trash at BYU China, Russia send ships after U.S. aircraft carrier Clippers dominate the post, beat Jazz to tie playoff series at 1 Complaints mount against Utah judge who at rape sentencing called ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' ELEVATE You may be procrastinating on your taxes if...   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home News Wells Fargo scandal weighs heavily on other big banks Wells Fargo scandal weighs heavily on other big banks Apr 18, 2017 The Associated Press   0 It’s the topic the banking industry can’t avoid, even when people prefer not to mention it by name: Wells Fargo. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. And circulating among Wells Fargo’s biggest competitors is the scathing report from the bank’s board of directors that laid blame for its toxic sales practices on negligent management. Eager not to be the next Wells Fargo, some other big banks say they are examining their own practices against the board report and actively looking for ways to avoid any sales issues before becoming engulfed in a similar kind of scandal. “Any major occurrence in the industry is going to impact us all,” said Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association, the trade and lobbying group that organized the recent CBA Live gathering. Wells had by far the most aggressive sales goals among the big banks, and the board’s report said the problems date back at least 15 years _ but that executives had little interest in dealing with the issue until it spiraled out of control. The board also reclaimed another $75 million in pay from former CEO John Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying they dragged their feet for years. That report has been making its way through top executive offices at nearly every big bank, executives said. JPMorgan Chase’s upper management is reviewing the report, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last week. The same is happening over at Citigroup. Both banks have looked at their own sales behaviour, and say they found nothing amiss. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Dinofrio declined to say whether executives reviewed the report, but stressed “we feel good about our sales practices.” For the industry, the next potential shoe to drop will likely be from federal bank regulator the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, whose bank examiners are currently combing through each of big bank sales programs. Their findings are expected this summer. And the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is also doing its own investigation. In the meantime, it was clear at CBA Live that managers were actively searching for ideas on how to stop what happened at Wells from potentially occurring at their banks. “We need to do a better job in teaching our front-line employees to speak up when something doesn’t smell right,” Ed Dwyer, chief risk officer for community banking at U.S. Bank, said to fellow bank executives in a panel. Nearly every breakout panel dealing directly or indirectly with sales practices was filled to capacity, or was standing room-only. They discussed possible industry-wide changes to how bank employees are paid, or allowing typically back-of-house departments of a bank _ compliance and risk _ to have just as much say on business decisions as the sales and marketing departments. There was even talk about how bank compliance officers should be alerted to any potential whistleblower calls that may exist, typically something a company’s human resources department would handle. It’s a direct reaction to reports that Wells Fargo employees, who alerted management to the sales practices problems using the bank’s ethics hotline, were sometimes fired for speaking out. Earlier this month, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration awarded $5.4 million to a Wells Fargo employee who was fired for raising alarms. Bankers also want to allow move away from specific sales quotas at their branches, like how many checking accounts or credit cards each employee needs to open. Until this year, Wells Fargo management highlighted its “cross-sell ratio,” which is the number of accounts or other services a Wells Fargo customer typically had at the bank. Wells was aiming for as many as eight per household, while most big banks aim to have two to three per customer. After the scandal, Wells got rid of its sales goals and restructured how it pays employees to focus less on opening checking accounts and more on how those bank accounts are actually used. The bank also stopped referring to its branches as “stores.” No other banks have made public wholesale changes to their sales programs like Wells Fargo, but nearly all the major banks have or are conducting reviews. “Cross-sell for the sake of cross-sell is going to come back to bite you,” said Nitin Mhatre, executive vice-president of community banking at Connecticut-based Webster Bank, which has about 175 branches in New England. Mhatre said retail bank employees should instead focus on adding accounts or cards that seem a more natural fit for customers to expand their relationship with the bank, instead of trying to bolt on as many products as possible. “The thinking inside each of your banks should be: ‘How have you solved a need for a customer?,”’ Mhatre said. Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture Get our daily briefing on innovation, leadership, technology & the economy. Weekdays at 6 AM ET. Learn More » Enter your email to sign up: Easily unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy & Terms of Service shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Latest News Dow 20,523 -113.64 -0.55% Nasdaq 5,849 -7.32 -0.12% S&P 500 2,342 -6.82 -0.29% 3:05 A.M. ET AB Foods up 4.5% after raising dividend, 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,986.55 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,141.21 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 376.73 2:42 A.M. ET Opinion Despite Brexit, Theresa May ready to lead Europe 2:35 A.M. ET Zalando earnings flat even as revenue rises 2:35 A.M. ET Rentokil Initial revenue rises; sees 2017 in line 2:34 A.M. ET Heineken profit up 11% as sales beat views 2:33 A.M. ET AB Foods profit up 36% as Primark sales beat view 2:30 A.M. ET Polymetal gold output rises; keeps 2017 targets 2:29 A.M. ET Burberry revenue down, but boosted by FX gains 2:24 A.M. ET Remy Cointreau full-year sales rise 2:24 A.M. ET EU new car sales surge to March record 2:23 A.M. ET Akzo Nobel posts flat net profit in first quarter 2:23 A.M. ET Total reports jet fuel leak at Texas refinery 1:17 A.M. ET Oil Search sticks to production target 1:17 A.M. ET Oil prices slip as supply worries persist 12:01 A.M. ET This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market ends lower as Goldman, Netflix earnings disappoint By Sue Chang and Joseph Adinolfi Published: Apr 18, 2017 4:37 p.m. ET Share Geopolitical tensions continue to burden equities By SueChang Markets reporter JosephAdinolfi Markets reporter Freestyle Releasing/Courtesy Everett Collection Stocks are having their fourth down day in five sessions as weak earnings and geopolitical jitters weigh on sentiment. U.S. stocks on Tuesday finished squarely in negative territory, but off session lows, as a spate of tepid corporate earnings weighed on the broader market. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.55% dropped 113.64 points, or 0.6%, to close at 20,523.28, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.29%  fell 6.82 points, or 0.3%, to end at 2,342.19, as health-care, energy and financial shares led the broad-market gauge lower. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.12% lost 7.32 points, or 0.1%, to close at 5,849.47. A decline in shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -4.72%  shaved more than 70 points off the Dow industrials after the investment bank’s first-quarter results missed Wall Street expectations. Shares of Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -3.10% another Dow component, slid after the company reported a drop in sales that offset stronger-than-expected profits. The pair represented the biggest losers on the Dow. Netflix Inc. NFLX, -2.64% slumped, as investors grew concerned about the streaming-video company’s ability to attract and retain subscribers. The firm reported late Monday that it had added fewer subscribers than expected during the first quarter. Overall, the tone of the latest batch of corporate reports was generally lackluster, said Kim Forrest, senior analyst and portfolio manager at Fort Pitt Capital. Goldman stumbles in first-quarter earnings(3:24) Goldman Sachs' first-quarter earnings report was a rare miss, and most other big banks reported large profits. Deputy Banking editor Aaron Lucchetti and Lunch Break's Tanya Rivero discuss what went wrong at Goldman. Photo: Reuters “The misses weren’t huge, but they didn’t quite make [the] analysts’ mark,” Forrest said. Market participants have been looking to corporate earnings to justify a strong rally in equities that had taken stock benchmarks to records as recently as March 1, but that run-up has since stalled as doubts about valuations and concerns about President Donald Trump’s ability to quickly implement pro-growth policies weigh on sentiment. But the recent spate of tepid earnings notwithstanding, analysts still expect a strong quarter for corporate results. “S&P 500 is expected to deliver strongest earnings growth in 22 quarters with momentum driven by recovering U.S. and global economic growth, higher oil prices, and rising rates for financials compared to one year ago,” said Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, head of U.S. equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., in a note to investors. News out of the U.K. also pressured the U.S. market, according to Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, as British Prime Minister Theresa May called for a snap general election that she said would be necessary to strengthen her hand during negotiations with the European Union as the country exits the European trade bloc. Recent lackluster U.S. economic data, including a disappointing March jobs report, have pressured markets lower, as have mounting tensions between the U.S. and several of its geopolitical rivals. Karyn Cavanaugh, market strategist at Voya Investment Management, said she expects shares to languish until a clearer picture of quarterly earnings emerges. “The data, coupled with the geopolitical risk out there are making investors say ‘show me what you’ve got’— they want to see the earnings,” Cavanaugh said. Tensions between the U.S. and North Korea remain elevated with both countries exchanging threats. Meanwhile, President Trump signed an executive order Tuesday evening to further bolster his “Buy American, Hire American” program after visiting Snap-On Inc.’s SNA, -0.12%  Wisconsin facility. The order will make it more difficult for foreign workers to secure working visas and promote the purchase of U.S.-made products. Pence warns North Korea not to test Trump(3:50) Speaking alongside South Korea’s acting President Hwang Kyo-Ahn in Seoul, Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea not to test Donald Trump's resolve "or the strength of the armed forces of the U.S. in this region." Read: Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ Earnings to watch: Bank of America Corp. BAC, -0.44%  and UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, +0.84% were the two standouts of Tuesday’s batch of earnings, but Bank of America shares fell while UnitedHealth rose. Bank earnings have been mixed so far this quarter, with strong reports by J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.82%  and Citigroup Inc. C, -0.97%  offset by weakness at Goldman and Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, -0.51%   Stock movers: Shares of United Continental Holdings Inc. UAL, -4.27%  reversed gains to drop more than 4% after the United Airlines’s parent company late Monday reported adjusted earnings that beat expectations. United CEO Oscar Munoz said in the earnings statement that the incident of a passenger being forcibly removed from a plane was a “humbling experience.” Shares of Cardinal Health Inc. CAH, -11.54%  tumbled 11% after the company struck a deal to buy part of Medtronic PLC’s MDT, -0.04% patient monitoring and recovery unit. Post Holdings Inc. POST, -3.81%  shares sank over 4% after the packaged food company said it is buying iconic U.K. breakfast brand Weetabix Food Co. for £1.4 billion ($1.76 billion). Economic news and Fed speakers: Manufacturing output fell in March for the first time since last August, according to a batch of industrial-production data released Tuesday. Also, a reading on housing starts, which measure the number of new-home construction projects that broke ground during a given month, was slightly weaker than expected in March. Kansas City Federal Reserve President Esther George, speaking at Bard College Tuesday morning, said the central bank should begin reducing its balance sheet this year, echoing remarks by other Fed officials, including New York Fed President William Dudley. Other markets: The British pound rallied after May’s announcement about the snap election. Gold GCM7, -0.57% settled slightly higher while silver and other industrial metals weakened. A key gauge of the dollar’s strength, the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.13% slid firmly after May’s announcement as the euro EURUSD, -0.0280%  and British pound GBPUSD, -0.1324%  rallied. Stocks in Asia closed mixed, with Japan’s Nikkei 225 index NIK, +0.07%  ending higher, but Chinese markets falling. Oil prices CLK7, -0.10%  were flat after paring losses. —Sara Sjolin contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch Chinese Online Celebrities Go Under The Knife for Success Look Who's Coming With Dinner This is where your tax dollars went Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References DJIA -113.64 -0.55% SPX -6.82 -0.29% COMP -7.32 -0.12% GS -10.67 -4.72% JNJ -3.90 -3.10% NFLX -3.89 -2.64% SNA -0.20 -0.12% BAC -0.10 -0.44% UNH +1.41 +0.84% JPM -0.70 -0.82% C -0.57 -0.97% WFC -0.27 -0.51% UAL -3.02 -4.27% CAH -9.44 -11.54% MDT -0.03 -0.04% POST -3.35 -3.81% GCM7 -7.40 -0.57% DXY +0.13 +0.13% EURUSD -0.0003 -0.0280% GBPUSD -0.0017 -0.1324% NIK +13.61 +0.07% CLK7 -0.05 -0.10% Show all references Most Popular Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Americans get an ‘F’ on income tax quiz To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,523.28 -113.64 (-0.55%) Volume 263.2M Open 20,561 High 20,600 Low 20,462 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,343 High 2,348 Low 2,335 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,849.47 -7.32 (-0.12%) Volume 0 Open 5,839 High 5,860 Low 5,829 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $215.59 -10.67 (-4.72%) Volume 12.4M Open $219.32 High $219.89 Low $213.18 P/E Ratio 11.45 Div Yield 1.39 Market Cap 90.0B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $121.82 -3.90 (-3.10%) Volume 13.2M Open $123.18 High $123.37 Low $120.95 P/E Ratio 20.47 Div Yield 2.63 Market Cap 340.8B Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $143.36 -3.89 (-2.64%) Volume 19.6M Open $147.34 High $147.40 Low $140.00 P/E Ratio 188.63 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 63.4B Snap-On Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNA $163.31 -0.20 (-0.12%) Volume 783.0K Open $162.63 High $163.62 Low $159.91 P/E Ratio 17.73 Div Yield 1.74 Market Cap 9.5B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.71 -0.10 (-0.44%) Volume 144.9M Open $23.11 High $23.15 Low $22.38 P/E Ratio 14.37 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 228.4B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $168.59 +1.41 (+0.84%) Volume 5.5M Open $170.06 High $170.23 Low $167.70 P/E Ratio 21 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 161.3B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.16 -0.70 (-0.82%) Volume 14.0M Open $85.36 High $85.63 Low $84.74 P/E Ratio 13.12 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 305.5B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $58.42 -0.57 (-0.97%) Volume 16.8M Open $58.58 High $58.89 Low $58.07 P/E Ratio 11.75 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 163.1B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $52.45 -0.27 (-0.51%) Volume 22.0M Open $52.36 High $52.67 Low $52.09 P/E Ratio 13.11 Div Yield 2.9 Market Cap 263.4B United Continental Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UAL $67.75 -3.02 (-4.27%) Volume 10.9M Open $70.97 High $70.98 Low $67.55 P/E Ratio 10.65 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.3B Cardinal Health Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAH $72.39 -9.44 (-11.54%) Volume 13.3M Open $72.65 High $74.00 Low $71.95 P/E Ratio 17.36 Div Yield 2.48 Market Cap 25.8B Medtronic PLC U.S.: NYSE: MDT $80.33 -0.03 (-0.04%) Volume 4.5M Open $80.68 High $80.68 Low $80.12 P/E Ratio 28.39 Div Yield 2.14 Market Cap 110.0B Post Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: POST $84.51 -3.35 (-3.81%) Volume 2.7M Open $88.40 High $88.54 Low $82.72 P/E Ratio 128.05 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.6B Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,286.70 -7.40 (-0.57%) Volume 38260 Open $1,292 High $1,293 Low $1,285 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 99.63 +0.13 (+0.13%) Volume 0 Open 99.51 High 99.71 Low 99.51 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Euro Tullett Prebon: EURUSD 1.0727 -0.0003 (-0.0280%) Volume 0 Open 1.07 High 1.07 Low 1.07 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2824 -0.0017 (-0.1324%) Volume 0 Open 1.28 High 1.29 Low 1.28 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 18,432.20 +13.61 (+0.07%) Volume 0 Open 18,327 High 18,468 Low 18,327 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic May 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLK7 $52.36 -0.05 (-0.10%) Volume 5982 Open $52.36 High $52.42 Low $52.24 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Teck Resources Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teck Resources Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Xylem Inc (XYL) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Teck Resources Ltd (TCK.B) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Affinity Wealth Management Buys Shares of 7,626 Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Portland Global Advisors LLC Cuts Position in Ambev SA (ABEV) Global Payments Inc (GPN) Position Maintained by Affinity Wealth Management Portland Global Advisors LLC Has $1.87 Million Position in ABB Ltd (ABB) Affinity Wealth Management Purchases New Position in Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Shares Bought by Affinity Wealth Management Affinity Wealth Management Buys New Stake in Fortis Inc. (FTS) Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Has $3.992 Million Position in Hershey Co (HSY) Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Novartis AG (NVS) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.62 Per Share Catchmark Timber Trust Inc (CTT) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.08 Per Share Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Radiant Logistics (RLGT) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Extended Stay America (STAY) Earns News Impact Score of 0.31 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Informatica (INFA) Stock Price Teck Resources Ltd (TCK.B) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Teck Resources Ltd (TSE:TCK.B) (NYSE:TCK) have been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the eighteen brokerages that are covering the firm. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year target price among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is C$33.13. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. FBR & Co raised their price objective on Teck Resources from C$33.00 to C$38.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price objective on Teck Resources to C$32.00 in a report on Monday, January 23rd. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/teck-resources-ltd-tck-b-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Teck Resources Company Profile Teck Resources Limited is engaged in the business of exploring for, acquiring, developing and producing natural resources. The Company’s activities are organized into business units that are focused on steelmaking coal, copper, zinc and energy. It operates in five segments: steelmaking coal, copper, zinc, energy and corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Teck Resources Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teck Resources Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss News: Dow Jones Goldman Sachs Falls Short on Earnings, Revenue Estimates -- 3rd Update Print Share Font-size 04/18/17 08:28 AM EDT 
By Liz Hoffman Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said its first-quarter earnings rose sharply over last year, but lower-than-expected trading revenue caused it to fall short of analyst estimates. The New York-based firm reported a profit of $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share. That compares with $1.14 billion, or $2.68 a share, a year ago, when Goldman posted its worst first quarter in 12 years as trading sputtered and interest rates remained painfully low. Revenue in the first quarter climbed 27% to $8.03 billion from $6.34 billion a year ago. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had expected Goldman Sachs to earn $5.31 a share on revenue of $8.45 billion. Goldman shares fell 2.8% in premarket trading. They are up 25% since the election, but have given up about half of their post-election gains as investor exuberance abated and the tumult of President Donald Trump's first few weeks sank in. Many investors expected a strong quarter from Goldman after rivals J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. last week reported big boosts in their trading businesses. The first quarter is typically the strongest for trading desks, as investors return from the holidays and reposition their portfolios for the new year. Last year, it was a terrible one. Nearly every one of Goldman's major businesses did worse on a year-over-year basis, leading many to wonder whether Goldman's businesses, which rely more heavily on its investment-banking and trading-roots, were fundamentally challenged. After that first quarter, Chief Financial Officer Harvey Schwartz predicted: "We don't believe negative interest rates are going to be here forever. We don't believe the client activity is going to be low forever." Mr. Schwartz, who is now Goldman's co-chief operating officer, is being succeeded as CFO by R. Martin Chavez, who had been Goldman's top technology officer. Over the past six months, the Federal Reserve has raised rates twice and Goldman clients are ramping up activity. Yet Goldman failed to get the same trading bump as rivals J.P. Morgan and Citigroup last week. Stock trading revenue fell 6% to $1.67 billion from $1.78 billion in the year-ago quarter, while fees from fixed-income trading, a larger pot that includes bonds, commodities and currencies, inched up slightly to $1.69 billion. Overall trading revenue of $3.36 billion declined 2.4% from a year earlier. Revenue in Goldman's investment-banking division, which helps companies merge and raise capital, rose 16% to $1.7 billion. Merger fees fell 1.9% to $756 million, but stronger underwriting, up 37%, more than made up the difference. Stock offerings led the way, up 70% from the same period a year ago. "The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses and a more attractive backdrop for underwriting in our investment banking franchise," Chief Executive and Chairman Lloyd Blankfein said in a statement. Goldman made $1.46 billion on its own portfolio of equity stakes and loans, a hodge-podge segment dubbed investing-and-lending. Revenue in that division tends to swing wildly as positions are marked; in the first quarter of 2016, it posted $87 million, its worst showing ever. Revenue in Goldman's investment-management division, which manages the money of wealthy individuals, pension funds and others, rose 12% year-over-year to $1.5 billion. Goldman's return on equity, a closely watched measure of profitability, stood at 11.4% in the quarter. The firm has been regularly exceeding 10%, the minimum return bank investors typically demand. Write to Liz Hoffman at liz.hoffman@wsj.com 
 (END) Dow Jones Newswires April 18, 2017 08:28 ET (12:28 GMT) Copyright (c) 2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Print Share Font-size Sponsored Links Sponsor Center Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  Topics  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Affiliate  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Correction to the Goldman Sachs Earnings Story ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Correction to the Goldman Sachs Earnings Story By Liz Hoffman Published April 18, 2017 Features Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print Goldman Sachs Group Inc.'s first-quarter trading results fell well short of those notched by rivals, an uncharacteristic stumble for the Wall Street powerhouse that caused its earnings to miss analyst estimates. Continue Reading Below The firm reported a profit of $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share. That was higher than the $2.68 a share it reported a year ago -- which was Goldman's worst first quarter in 12 years -- but below the $5.31 a share expected by Wall Street analysts. Revenue grew 27% to $8.03 billion, again short of expectations for $8.45 billion. Goldman shares fell 4% in morning trading, hitting their lowest level since late November. It is the worst-performing stock among big banks this year as investors' exuberance about the Trump administration's agenda has worn off. Many investors expected a strong quarter from Goldman after rivals J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. last week reported big double-digit increases in their trading revenue, with fixed-income, currencies and commodities leading the way. Bank of America Corp. joined the wave Tuesday, reporting trading revenue that was up 23%, driven by a 29% increase in fixed-income revenue. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Higher interest rates, raised twice by the Federal Reserve in recent months, bode well for fixed-income revenue as investors buy products to protect themselves from future increases and bet on diverging rates. But Goldman, which often lives or dies by its core trading business, didn't get the same boost. Trading revenue fell 2.4% from a year earlier, with equities down 6% and fixed-income essentially flat. "Hard to put lipstick on these results," UBS Group AG analysts wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. The majority of questions on Goldman's earnings call -- the first for the firm's new finance chief R. Martin Chavez -- concerned the trading results. "Ultimately we didn't navigate the market well," Mr. Chavez said. "But no quarter defines the franchise. There are always things we can do better." He blamed the trading performance on calm markets, which makes it harder for trading clients to find bargains and rebalance their portfolios. Mr. Chavez added that currencies, commodities and corporate bonds were weaker. The latter was a bright spot at Bank of America, which beat Goldman on fixed-income trading by more than $1 billion in revenue. The first quarter is typically the strongest for trading desks, as investors return from the holidays and reposition their portfolios for the new year. Last year, it was a terrible one, but equally rough across Wall Street. Now, a slow start relative to peers puts Goldman on its heels. It is also likely to raise questions about whether the firm has the right mix of trading clients. Goldman's traditional strength in peddling complex, bespoke trading products to hedge funds became a liability in recent years, as these clients struggled with poor returns and the industry showed a preference for simpler widgets. The firm has pushed over the past year or so to do more trading business with corporations and asset managers. Mr. Chavez said Tuesday that the firm's efforts in that area was still under way. Goldman's other businesses performed better. Revenue in Goldman's investment-banking division, which helps companies merge and raise capital, rose 16% to $1.7 billion. Merger fees fell 1.9% to $756 million year-over-year, and the bank said its pipeline of future deals shrunk. But stronger underwriting more than made up the difference, with a 70% increase in stock offerings leading the way. "The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses and a more attractive backdrop for underwriting in our investment banking franchise," Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein said in a statement. Goldman made $1.46 billion on its own portfolio of equity stakes and loans, a hodgepodge segment dubbed investing-and-lending. Revenue in that division tends to swing wildly as positions are marked; in the first quarter of 2016, it posted $87 million, its worst showing ever. Investment-management revenue, which manages the money of wealthy individuals, pension funds and others, rose 12% year-over-year to $1.5 billion, while assets under management fell slightly. Goldman's return on equity, a closely watched measure of profitability, stood at 11.4% in the quarter. The firm has been regularly exceeding 10%, the minimum return bank investors typically demand. And Goldman increased its quarterly dividend to 75 cents a share, a 10-cent increase -- its first such increase in two years. Goldman got a $475 million boost to earnings from a new accounting rule related to the treatment of stock-based compensation paid to employees. It had earlier said it expected an increase of up to $450 million. Write to Liz Hoffman at liz.hoffman@wsj.com Corrections & Amplifications This article was corrected at 12:21 p.m. ET because the original version misstated the name of Goldman's chief financial officer. It is R. Martin Chavez, not E. Martin Chavez. "Goldman Misses Big on Trading, Trails Rivals Badly -- 6th Update" at 11:12 a.m. ET misstated the name of Goldman's chief financial officer. It is R. Martin Chavez, not E. Martin Chavez. (END) Dow Jones Newswires April 18, 2017 12:34 ET (16:34 GMT) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
null
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/BL-FUNDSB-23425 Focus on Funds Bankin’ on Earnings Was the Wrong Move By Crystal Kim April 18, 2017 12:57 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Investors who climbed into financials exchange-traded funds in the hopes that bank earnings results would push their stocks to pre-March levels were totally off the mark. The SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) has fallen 1.21% and the Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLF), 1.05%, on Tuesday following quarterly releases from Bank of America (BAC), Charles Schwab (SCHW) and Goldman Sachs (GS). Bank of America actually beat estimates and was a morning mover. However its stock has fallen 0.99% to around $22.58. Schwab has also declined 2% despite beating analyst expectations, but of the three, Goldman is really feeling the hurt, having declined 5% so far. Morgan Stanley's Betsy Graseck adjusted price targets for last week's reporters. She took down price targets on Citigroup (C) 3% to $73 and Wells Fargo (WFC), down 5% to $61 and raised her target for PNC Financial Services Group (PNC) up 3% to $121. Her $99 price target on JPMorgan (JPM) remains unchanged. She says: For C specifically, downside risks include trade wars, retail slowdown, Euro volatility + emerging market slowdown, rising losses in non-core portfolio, inability to utilize the DTA, and inability to raise capital return. Upside risks include tax cuts, easing regulation, lower loan losses than we are anticipating, faster international growth, market share gains, emerging markets growth, quicker than expected rate rise, strategic actions, and rising payout ratios. For PNC specifically, risks to our outlook include slower than expected economic growth with consequent softer commercial credit expansion, higher NCO losses than forecast, lower equity markets that could drive down BlackRock and PNC Advisors’ revenue growth, limited or no ability to redeploy excess capital into loan growth, margin pressure from lower interest rates, and declining accretable yield. For WFC specifically, downside risks include: sharp decline in fee growth or increase in expenses as a result of new sales incentive plan, higher litigation costs, a conditional pass in CCAR, significant decline in NIM, higher than expected drop in mortgage originations, further decline in gain on sale margins, lower home prices, a higher than expected spike in home equity NCOs as more lines reach the end of their I/O period, and loan portfolio acquisitions dry up. Text Size Regular Medium Large FINANCIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR ETF SPDR S&P BANK ETF Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm Most Popular Tesla’s New Truck: Don’t Laugh, Says Analyst Schwab Selloff Makes for a Great Buying Opportunity 7 Stocks That Could Outpace the S&P 500 Alibaba Stock Can Reach $140, Says Analyst Is Gold’s Comeback Real, Or Just Another Tease? Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site BofA posts solid growth boosted by trading, rates News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business BofA posts solid growth boosted by trading, rates Bank of America Corp's quarterly profit rose 44 percent as its investment banking and trading units produced hefty gains, and higher long term interest rates also underpinned results for the second-largest U.S. bank. Posted 18 Apr 2017 19:00 Updated 19 Apr 2017 01:05 A Bank of America logo is seen in New York City, U.S. January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Bank of America Corp's quarterly profit rose 44 percent as its investment banking and trading units produced hefty gains, and higher long term interest rates also underpinned results for the second-largest U.S. bank. Wall Street banks have been energized by increased market activity prompted by the so-called "Trump trade" with the sector rallying since the election on hopes of simpler regulations and tax cuts under President Donald Trump's administration. However, the momentum has lost steam recently as investors scale back some of those expectations. But investors also changed their positions around recent Federal Reserve interest rate hikes and the possibility of several increases in the future, boosting trading revenue for big U.S. banks. "This quarter shows the value of our businesses as rates begin to rise and as we experience increased capital markets activity," said BofA Chief Executive Brian Moynihan on a call with analysts on Tuesday. Gains for BofA were distributed more or less evenly between net interest income, which is driven by the difference between banks' borrowing costs and the rate they charge on loans, and institutional businesses such as trading and investment banking. Expenses were mostly flat, even as revenues grew in every major business unit. While some analysts expressed skepticism Bank of America will be able to hit a US$53 billion expense target in 2018, they were not too troubled in light of stronger revenues. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Donofrio told analysts he remained confident the bank would hit its target. BofA's shares were down about 1.1 percent at US$22.56 in mid-day trading, consistent with the broader banking sector and following surprisingly weak trading results from Goldman Sachs Group Inc . JPMorgan and Citigroup also reported better-than-expected quarterly profit last week, driven by strong trading activity. Moynihan nodded to some weakening in loan demand highlighted in reports last week from rivals JPMorgan Chase & Co , Citigroup Inc and Wells Fargo & Co . "We've been able to outgrow the economy, but we're going to be dependent upon the economy to keep growing," he said. BofA's total revenue rose about 7 percent to US$22.45 billion in the three months ended March 31, handily beating the average analyst estimate of US$21.61 billion. "This franchise can grow and all the more so in a rising rate environment; better revenue growth, visible operating leverage and manageable credit cost increases will drive realization of franchise potential," wrote Credit Suisse analyst Susan Katzke in a report published Tuesday. Revenue from trading activities, excluding special items, rose 21.2 percent to US$4 billion, helped by a 29 percent increase in fixed-income trading revenue. Investment banking income jumped 37.4 percent to US$1.58 billion, riding on the back of a strong recovery in global investment banking services, which includes M&A advisory and capital markets underwriting. Net income surged about 44 percent to US$4.35 billion. Earnings per share rose to 41 cents per share, topping the average analyst estimate of 35 cents. (http://bit.ly/2px3E6G) BofA made US$11.06 billion as net interest income in the quarter, up 5.5 percent from a year earlier. Donofrio said he expected continued improvement in net interest income in the second quarter. However, he added that the increase would be "more modest" than in the first quarter as interest rate movements are providing less of a tailwind for the bank. The lender relies heavily on higher interest rates to maximize profits as it has a large stock of deposits and rate-sensitive mortgage securities. BofA's non-interest expenses were nearly flat at US$14.85 billion. Moynihan said last year he would make trimming costs a top priority and would shrink annual expenses by an additional US$5 billion by 2018. The bank's efficiency ratio, a closely watched measure of revenue divided by expenses, was 66.2 percent, compared with 70.5 percent a year earlier. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York and Nikhil Subba and Sweta Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty, Bernard Orr) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 66° Share Wells Fargo scandal weighs heavily on other big banks By Ken Sweet / Associated Press Published: Tuesday, April 18th, 2017 at 11:28am Updated: Tuesday, April 18th, 2017 at 11:28am This April 11, 2017, photo shows a Wells Fargo bank in northeast Jackson, Miss. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about "cross-selling" and "incentive compensation." Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........DALLAS — It’s the topic the banking industry can’t avoid, even when people prefer not to mention it by name: Wells Fargo. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. And circulating among Wells Fargo’s biggest competitors is the scathing report from the bank’s board of directors that laid blame for its toxic sales practices on negligent management. Eager not to be the next Wells Fargo, some other big banks say they are examining their own practices against the board report and actively looking for ways to avoid any sales issues before becoming engulfed in a similar kind of scandal. Advertisement Continue reading “Any major occurrence in the industry is going to impact us all,” said Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association, the trade and lobbying group that organized the recent CBA Live gathering. Wells had by far the most aggressive sales goals among the big banks, and the board’s report said the problems date back at least 15 years — but that executives had little interest in dealing with the issue until it spiraled out of control. The board also reclaimed another $75 million in pay from former CEO John Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying they dragged their feet for years. That report has been making its way through top executive offices at nearly every big bank, executives said. JPMorgan Chase’s upper management is reviewing the report, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last week. The same is happening over at Citigroup. Both banks have looked at their own sales behavior, and say they found nothing amiss. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Dinofrio declined to say whether executives reviewed the report, but stressed “we feel good about our sales practices.” For the industry, the next potential shoe to drop will likely be from federal bank regulator the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, whose bank examiners are currently combing through each of big bank sales programs. Their findings are expected this summer. And the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is also doing its own investigation. In the meantime, it was clear at CBA Live that managers were actively searching for ideas on how to stop what happened at Wells from potentially occurring at their banks. “We need to do a better job in teaching our front-line employees to speak up when something doesn’t smell right,” Ed Dwyer, chief risk officer for community banking at U.S. Bank, said to fellow bank executives in a panel. Nearly every breakout panel dealing directly or indirectly with sales practices was filled to capacity, or was standing room-only. They discussed possible industry-wide changes to how bank employees are paid, or allowing typically back-of-house departments of a bank — compliance and risk — to have just as much say on business decisions as the sales and marketing departments. Advertisement Continue reading There was even talk about how bank compliance officers should be alerted to any potential whistleblower calls that may exist, typically something a company’s human resources department would handle. It’s a direct reaction to reports that Wells Fargo employees, who alerted management to the sales practices problems using the bank’s ethics hotline, were sometimes fired for speaking out. Earlier this month, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration awarded $5.4 million to a Wells Fargo employee who was fired for raising alarms. Bankers also want to allow move away from specific sales quotas at their branches, like how many checking accounts or credit cards each employee needs to open. Until this year, Wells Fargo management highlighted its “cross-sell ratio,” which is the number of accounts or other services a Wells Fargo customer typically had at the bank. Wells was aiming for as many as eight per household, while most big banks aim to have two to three per customer. After the scandal, Wells got rid of its sales goals and restructured how it pays employees to focus less on opening checking accounts and more on how those bank accounts are actually used. The bank also stopped referring to its branches as “stores.” No other banks have made public wholesale changes to their sales programs like Wells Fargo, but nearly all the major banks have or are conducting reviews. “Cross-sell for the sake of cross-sell is going to come back to bite you,” said Nitin Mhatre, executive vice president of community banking at Connecticut-based Webster Bank, which has about 175 branches in New England. Mhatre said retail bank employees should instead focus on adding accounts or cards that seem a more natural fit for customers to expand their relationship with the bank, instead of trying to bolt on as many products as possible. “The thinking inside each of your banks should be: ‘How have you solved a need for a customer?,'” Mhatre said. ____ Ken Sweet is the banking and consumer financial issues writer for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at @kensweet. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Money Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Hyundai replaces General Motors as NFL auto sponsor – Jun 29, 2015 California: Self-driving cars must have driver behind wheel – Dec 16, 2015 San Francisco battles epidemic of auto burglaries – Jun 13, 2016 Police: Colts' David Parry arrested in Scottsdale, Arizona – Feb 28, 2017 Advertisement Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Steve Cuozzo Real Estate realty check Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Daniel Boulud’s new eatery gives big boost to One Vanderbilt By Steve Cuozzo View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 18, 2017 | 1:36pm Modal Trigger Daniel Boulud Brian Zak MORE FROM: Steve Cuozzo Tirades and turmoil at Tavern on the Green The scandalous history behind Kushner's ritzy Midtown building Landlord says city should 'incentivize' developers to create art facilities Daniel Boulud to open a massive restaurant next to Grand Central This is the top dog on Coney Island — and it's not Nathan's News that world-class New York chef Daniel Boulud will bring a large restaurant to One Vanderbilt won’t fill the tower’s nearly 1.7 million square feet of office space overnight — but it sure helps. With a move, developer SL Green has put a popular, human face on the $3.1 billion skyscraper it’s building next to Grand Central Terminal. The deal lends the spectacular tower more cachet than first office tenant TD Bank, which is taking 200,000 square feet, including a retail branch. As we first reported Monday on nypost.com, Boulud will launch an 11,000-square-foot eatery on One Vanderbilt’s second floor overlooking the teeming corner of Vanderbilt Avenue and 42nd Street. He’ll also have an Epicerie Boulud grab-and-go outlet at sidewalk level. The breakthrough comes as SL Green talks to prospective office tenants, most notably JPMorgan Chase, which is considering moving its headquarters there. Sources said that if the bank decides instead to move to Hudson Yards or not move at all from its current Park Avenue digs, a long list of tenants seeking 100,000 to 200,000 square feet each are itching to pounce on One Vanderbilt. The tower is to open in 2020. Last October, SL Green Managing Director Brett Herschenfeld told The Post, “We are in the latter stages of selecting one of the top restaurateurs in the world.” We’ve heard that before elsewhere, only to see another cookie-cutter “food hall.” Unlike most of his competitors, Boulud has never had to close a Manhattan restaurant. His empire runs the gamut of price points, from burger-happy DBGB on the Bowery to top-end Restaurant Daniel on East 64th Street — with DB Bistro Moderne, Bar Boulud, Boulud Sud and Cafe Boulud in between. SL Green is landlord to some great restaurants — most notably to Eleven Madison Park at 11 Madison Ave. (Coincidentally, Eleven Madison Park’s owners also plan a major eatery at another major new Midtown office project, L&L Holding Co.’s 425 Park Ave.) SEE ALSO Daniel Boulud to open a massive restaurant next to Grand Central 0:0 Bonjour, 42nd Street! Marking a culinary and commercial-property coup, Daniel... But the deal with Boulud is of a different kind than SL Green has done in the past. “If there’s a departure here, it’s that we are actually partnering with Daniel — something we haven’t done before,” SL Green CEO Marc Holliday told us. “We will put up the majority of the money for the project, but Daniel will put in some of his own as well,” Holliday said. “Daniel’s company, the Dinex Group, will manage and run the restaurant.” One Vanderbilt’s owners are SL Green and South Korea Pension Services, which bought a 27 percent stake last year, and Hines, which has 1.4 percent. Boulud said, “We talked to them for a long time. We feel good together and I’m excited about this.” Will his new place be French-inspired, like his others in New York? “It will be a fine restaurant,” Boulud said, but declined to discuss it beyond that — other than to say with a laugh, “It will not be Italian.” A rendering of the One Vanderbilt tower near Grand Central Terminal.SL Green Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under daniel boulud ,  grand central terminal ,  one vanderbilt ,  realty check ,  restaurants Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next The scandalous history behind Kushner's ritzy Midtown buil... Read Next The scandalous history behind Kushner's ritzy Midtown buil... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 44,719 How Carmelo Anthony justified allegedly cheating on La La 30,716 Biden was crushed by 'silent rebuke' from Obama 21,498 Teen accidentally helps discover lost 16th-century civilization in Kansas 14,695 Facebook murder suspect kills self during police chase Real Estate News Paul Simon Is Having His Hamptons Cottage Relocated—and, Amazingly, He’s Not Alone Kellyanne Conway Purchases Alternative Mansion—in Washington, DC Trey Songz Cuts Price on Miami Condo After Quashing HOA Beef ‘Crime Dog’ Fred McGriff Chomps Off Half the Price of Tampa Mansion Is Angelina Jolie Ready for Her Close-Up in $25M Cecil B. DeMille Estate? More from Realtor.com Now On Inside the tumultuous marriage of La La and Carmelo Anthony Vikram Chatwal in court as model ex gets remarried Eric Schmidt hitting the town with a woman who isn’t his wife SEE ALL More Stories page six How Carmelo Anthony justified allegedly cheating on La La Now On Decider 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera nypost Biden was crushed by 'silent rebuke' from Obama New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Latest News Dow 20,523 -113.64 -0.55% Nasdaq 5,849 -7.32 -0.12% S&P 500 2,342 -6.82 -0.29% 3:05 A.M. ET AB Foods up 4.5% after raising dividend, 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,986.55 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,141.21 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 376.73 2:42 A.M. ET Opinion Despite Brexit, Theresa May ready to lead Europe 2:35 A.M. ET Zalando earnings flat even as revenue rises 2:35 A.M. ET Rentokil Initial revenue rises; sees 2017 in line 2:34 A.M. ET Heineken profit up 11% as sales beat views 2:33 A.M. ET AB Foods profit up 36% as Primark sales beat view 2:30 A.M. ET Polymetal gold output rises; keeps 2017 targets 2:29 A.M. ET Burberry revenue down, but boosted by FX gains 2:24 A.M. ET Remy Cointreau full-year sales rise 2:24 A.M. ET EU new car sales surge to March record 2:23 A.M. ET Akzo Nobel posts flat net profit in first quarter 2:23 A.M. ET Total reports jet fuel leak at Texas refinery 1:17 A.M. ET Oil Search sticks to production target 1:17 A.M. ET Oil prices slip as supply worries persist 12:01 A.M. ET This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Log In My MarketWatch Home Markets Market Extra Get email alerts Goldman Sachs CFO says the bank ‘didn’t navigate the market well’ By Mark DeCambre Published: Apr 18, 2017 4:13 p.m. ET Share Goldman’s shares are on track to book its worst daily decline since June 24, after a surprise earnings miss Getty Images Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein has had better trading days By MarkDeCambre Goldman Sachs Group Inc. offered a rare mea culpa on Tuesday, after uncharacteristic weakness in its bread-and-butter trading business helped the investment-banking powerhouse to deliver a first-quarter earnings stumble. “We did underperform and the underperformance was driven by commodities and currencies,” said newly minted Chief Financial Officer Martin Chavez, during a Tuesday morning call with analysts to discuss the bank’s quarterly results. “We could have done a better job navigating the markets and that’s all I will say,” he said. Goldman’s GS, -4.72%  overall trading declined 2.4% from a year earlier to $3.36 billion, with equity trading revenue down 6% to $1.67 billion, compared with $1.78 billion in the year-ago quarter. Fees from its business related to trading bonds, commodities and currencies, gained slightly to $1.69 billion. Still, the trading results marked an unusual lapse for the 148-year-old investment bank, founded by Marcus Goldman and Samuel Sachs, whose roots are steeped in the business of trading stocks and bonds, as much as brokering large corporate mergers and acquisitions. It also comes as rivals to the fifth largest bank by assets outperformed in trading. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.82% and Citigroup Inc. C, -0.97% which reported healthy quarterly results last week, both boasted a 17% increase in profit on the back of their trading operations. At J.P. Morgan, revenue from trading bonds, stocks and currencies, increased 13% to $5.82 billion from $5.17 billion in the first quarter of 2016, and a business related to trading Treasurys and other government bonds showed a 17% year-over-year climb. For Citigroup, trading increased by 17%, compared with the same period a year ago, climbing to $4.39 billion from $3.75 billion. Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store(1:31) As e-banking technology has improved, the number of bank branches is expected to fall by a third in the next decade. But rather than get rid of branches altogether, banks are trying to give them makeovers to get customers to still come in. Bank of America Corp. BAC, -0.44% which also reported quarterly results on Tuesday, posted a 22.5% increase in revenues to $4.029 billion from $3.288 billion in the first quarter of last year, excluding adjustments for accounting. “Goldman simply did not match what its biggest competitors did in the quarter,” Dick Bove, analyst at Rafferty Capital Markets told MarketWatch. “This raises serious questions about what is happening in that company.” Rafferty cut its rating on Goldman to hold from buy on the news and lowered its stock price target to $221 from $288, which is still above the stock’s current trading level of about $213. Goldman’s shares were off more than $10.67, or 4.7%, marking its steepest daily decline since June 24, 2016, in the aftermath of the U.K.’s referendum on leaving the European Union. The drop also marked its worst one-day fall following an earnings report ever, based on FactSet data. Among the 30 components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.55% Goldman’s decline was slashing more than 70 points from the price-weighted blue-chip gauge. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.29% ended the session off 0.3% as the lackluster earnings weighed on the broader market. Run by CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Goldman is among the most prominent investment banks, but one of its weaknesses is that its balance sheet pales in comparison to behemoth’s like J.P. Morgan, which can leverage their size and trading desks as clients position themselves in the wake of President Donald Trump’s election victory and promise of new regulatory and tax reforms. J.P. Morgan boasts total assets off $2.5 trillion, compared with Goldman’s total assets of $860 billion, as of the end of 2016. “We note that some of our competitors have bigger financing businesses and more significant corporate brands as a result of a larger lending book,” Chavez said on Tuesday’s call. A number of bank officials said the gains in trading came as investors readjusted their portfolios ahead of the uncertainty of elections in France, where antiestablishment candidate Marine Le Pen, threatens to end France’s EU membership if she wins the presidential election. To be sure, Goldman could rebound in the coming quarters as volatility revs up after a quiet phase. Since Trump’s presidential election victory on Nov. 8, Goldman has gained 18.5%, compared with a 9.8% climb for the S&P 500 and a roughly 12% rise for the Dow. However, Goldman is down 10% year to date, compared with a 5% gain for the S&P 500, as expectations that Trump will quickly deliver bank-friendly stimulus wane. More from MarketWatch Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? What's Next for Oscar Munoz and United Quote References GS -10.67 -4.72% JPM -0.70 -0.82% C -0.57 -0.97% BAC -0.10 -0.44% DJIA -113.64 -0.55% SPX -6.82 -0.29% Show all references Most Popular Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Americans get an ‘F’ on income tax quiz To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $215.59 -10.67 (-4.72%) Volume 12.4M Open $219.32 High $219.89 Low $213.18 P/E Ratio 13.18 Div Yield 1.39 Market Cap 90.0B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.16 -0.70 (-0.82%) Volume 14.0M Open $85.36 High $85.63 Low $84.74 P/E Ratio 13.12 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 305.5B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $58.42 -0.57 (-0.97%) Volume 16.8M Open $58.58 High $58.89 Low $58.07 P/E Ratio 11.75 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 163.1B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.71 -0.10 (-0.44%) Volume 144.9M Open $23.11 High $23.15 Low $22.38 P/E Ratio 16.46 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 228.4B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,523.28 -113.64 (-0.55%) Volume 263.2M Open 20,561 High 20,600 Low 20,462 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,343 High 2,348 Low 2,335 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 20,523 -113.64 -0.55% Nasdaq 5,849 -7.32 -0.12% S&P 500 2,342 -6.82 -0.29% 3:05 A.M. ET AB Foods up 4.5% after raising dividend, 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,986.55 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,141.21 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 376.73 2:42 A.M. ET Opinion Despite Brexit, Theresa May ready to lead Europe 2:35 A.M. ET Zalando earnings flat even as revenue rises 2:35 A.M. ET Rentokil Initial revenue rises; sees 2017 in line 2:34 A.M. ET Heineken profit up 11% as sales beat views 2:33 A.M. ET AB Foods profit up 36% as Primark sales beat view 2:30 A.M. ET Polymetal gold output rises; keeps 2017 targets 2:29 A.M. ET Burberry revenue down, but boosted by FX gains 2:24 A.M. ET Remy Cointreau full-year sales rise 2:24 A.M. ET EU new car sales surge to March record 2:23 A.M. ET Akzo Nobel posts flat net profit in first quarter 2:23 A.M. ET Total reports jet fuel leak at Texas refinery 1:17 A.M. ET Oil Search sticks to production target 1:17 A.M. ET Oil prices slip as supply worries persist 12:01 A.M. ET This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets Market Extra Get email alerts Goldman Sachs CFO says the bank ‘didn’t navigate the market well’ By Mark DeCambre Published: Apr 18, 2017 4:13 p.m. ET Share Goldman’s shares are on track to book its worst daily decline since June 24, after a surprise earnings miss Getty Images Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein has had better trading days By MarkDeCambre Goldman Sachs Group Inc. offered a rare mea culpa on Tuesday, after uncharacteristic weakness in its bread-and-butter trading business helped the investment-banking powerhouse to deliver a first-quarter earnings stumble. “We did underperform and the underperformance was driven by commodities and currencies,” said newly minted Chief Financial Officer Martin Chavez, during a Tuesday morning call with analysts to discuss the bank’s quarterly results. “We could have done a better job navigating the markets and that’s all I will say,” he said. Goldman’s GS, -4.72%  overall trading declined 2.4% from a year earlier to $3.36 billion, with equity trading revenue down 6% to $1.67 billion, compared with $1.78 billion in the year-ago quarter. Fees from its business related to trading bonds, commodities and currencies, gained slightly to $1.69 billion. Still, the trading results marked an unusual lapse for the 148-year-old investment bank, founded by Marcus Goldman and Samuel Sachs, whose roots are steeped in the business of trading stocks and bonds, as much as brokering large corporate mergers and acquisitions. It also comes as rivals to the fifth largest bank by assets outperformed in trading. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.82% and Citigroup Inc. C, -0.97% which reported healthy quarterly results last week, both boasted a 17% increase in profit on the back of their trading operations. At J.P. Morgan, revenue from trading bonds, stocks and currencies, increased 13% to $5.82 billion from $5.17 billion in the first quarter of 2016, and a business related to trading Treasurys and other government bonds showed a 17% year-over-year climb. For Citigroup, trading increased by 17%, compared with the same period a year ago, climbing to $4.39 billion from $3.75 billion. Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store(1:31) As e-banking technology has improved, the number of bank branches is expected to fall by a third in the next decade. But rather than get rid of branches altogether, banks are trying to give them makeovers to get customers to still come in. Bank of America Corp. BAC, -0.44% which also reported quarterly results on Tuesday, posted a 22.5% increase in revenues to $4.029 billion from $3.288 billion in the first quarter of last year, excluding adjustments for accounting. “Goldman simply did not match what its biggest competitors did in the quarter,” Dick Bove, analyst at Rafferty Capital Markets told MarketWatch. “This raises serious questions about what is happening in that company.” Rafferty cut its rating on Goldman to hold from buy on the news and lowered its stock price target to $221 from $288, which is still above the stock’s current trading level of about $213. Goldman’s shares were off more than $10.67, or 4.7%, marking its steepest daily decline since June 24, 2016, in the aftermath of the U.K.’s referendum on leaving the European Union. The drop also marked its worst one-day fall following an earnings report ever, based on FactSet data. Among the 30 components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.55% Goldman’s decline was slashing more than 70 points from the price-weighted blue-chip gauge. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.29% ended the session off 0.3% as the lackluster earnings weighed on the broader market. Run by CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Goldman is among the most prominent investment banks, but one of its weaknesses is that its balance sheet pales in comparison to behemoth’s like J.P. Morgan, which can leverage their size and trading desks as clients position themselves in the wake of President Donald Trump’s election victory and promise of new regulatory and tax reforms. J.P. Morgan boasts total assets off $2.5 trillion, compared with Goldman’s total assets of $860 billion, as of the end of 2016. “We note that some of our competitors have bigger financing businesses and more significant corporate brands as a result of a larger lending book,” Chavez said on Tuesday’s call. A number of bank officials said the gains in trading came as investors readjusted their portfolios ahead of the uncertainty of elections in France, where antiestablishment candidate Marine Le Pen, threatens to end France’s EU membership if she wins the presidential election. To be sure, Goldman could rebound in the coming quarters as volatility revs up after a quiet phase. Since Trump’s presidential election victory on Nov. 8, Goldman has gained 18.5%, compared with a 9.8% climb for the S&P 500 and a roughly 12% rise for the Dow. However, Goldman is down 10% year to date, compared with a 5% gain for the S&P 500, as expectations that Trump will quickly deliver bank-friendly stimulus wane. More from MarketWatch Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? What's Next for Oscar Munoz and United Quote References GS -10.67 -4.72% JPM -0.70 -0.82% C -0.57 -0.97% BAC -0.10 -0.44% DJIA -113.64 -0.55% SPX -6.82 -0.29% Show all references Most Popular Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Americans get an ‘F’ on income tax quiz To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $215.59 -10.67 (-4.72%) Volume 12.4M Open $219.32 High $219.89 Low $213.18 P/E Ratio 13.18 Div Yield 1.39 Market Cap 90.0B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.16 -0.70 (-0.82%) Volume 14.0M Open $85.36 High $85.63 Low $84.74 P/E Ratio 13.12 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 305.5B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $58.42 -0.57 (-0.97%) Volume 16.8M Open $58.58 High $58.89 Low $58.07 P/E Ratio 11.75 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 163.1B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.71 -0.10 (-0.44%) Volume 144.9M Open $23.11 High $23.15 Low $22.38 P/E Ratio 16.46 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 228.4B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,523.28 -113.64 (-0.55%) Volume 263.2M Open 20,561 High 20,600 Low 20,462 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,343 High 2,348 Low 2,335 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amex trying new approach with millennials Jaime Toplin and Ayoub Aouad Apr. 18, 2017, 12:55 PM 7,765 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also Amex is moving on from Costco AmEx raises Platinum bonus Amex and Discover ease EMV hurdles This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Payments Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. American Express may be losing young, affluent card holders to rivals as a result of its “snob appeal”, according to the New York Times. Once known as a card for the elite and praised for its best-in-class customer service that included concierge service that would do anything from booking travel to getting card holders into high class events, feelings have quickly shifted among the credit card industry's most important segment. Today’s millennials aren't as interested in these high end services and offerings as they don’t want to come off as too snobby. This sentiment is in part why Amex has experienced some declines — last year, cards in use fell by nearly 18% year-over-year (YoY), while revenue decreased by more than $2 billion compared to two years earlier. However, Amex isn’t standing idly by as rivals JPMorgan Chase and Citi appeal to millennials. Rather, Amex has increased signup bonuses, raised the points a consumer can earn on purchases, and even introduced an Uber travel credit on its premium card. This aligns with how industry executives now see rewards for millennials, for whom "travel might mean taking an Uber to a hole-in-the-wall restaurant in Chinatown, and then riding the subway to karaoke," said Pam Codispoti, president of Chase Branded Cards, in an interview with the New York Times.  Not only has Amex been aggressive in offering rewards today's youth will be attracted to, but it has been extremely successful in building up its digital segment, which will likely appeal to tech-savvy millennials — mobile applications now account for a greater proportion of 2016 growth than all other channels combined, at 57% vs. 43%. If Amex continues to build upon its digital offerings, seeks out popular brands to partner with, and finds rewards that are more aligned with millennials' interests, it will likely be successful in boosting adoption of its credit card products.  Credit card rewards have become so popular in the US that issuers capture headlines just by launching a new rewards card. And with consumers now caring more about the type of rewards being offered than any other card feature, competition to offer the most lucrative and attractive rewards has intensified dramatically.  For consumers, the emphasis card issuers place on these cards has resulted in rewards becoming much more worthwhile and widespread, ranging from big sign-on bonuses to free travel. And with offers continuing to get better, consumers will continue seeking out the best rewards cards. The value added from these cards is undeniable for issuers — in addition to increasing adoption of credit card products, the opportunity to earn rewards encourages cardholders to spend more money. This not only helps to drive up revenue, but also provides issuers an opportunity to mitigate any losses they may be feeling from the Durbin Amendment, which reduced how much fees issuers could charge on debt card transactions starting in 2011.  But it’s also important to note that offering such high-valued rewards comes at a price — Chase’s Sapphire Reserve card ended up reducing the bank’s profits by $200 million to $300 million in Q4 2016, according to Bloomberg. And as costs continue to rise, issuers will have to adjust to this new landscape by leveraging technology and partnerships to keep consumers engaged without sacrificing profits. Ayoub Aouad, research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed credit card rewards explainer that walks through the new credit card rewards landscape, which now includes rising consumer demand for rewards, increased opportunity for issuers to drive up usage of their credit card products, and increasing costs. After discussing the evolution that has led to this current landscape, the report analyzes how issuers will have to adjust in order to continue reaping the benefits of offering rewards without sacrificing significant profits. Here are some key takeaways from the report:  Consumers put tremendous value on credit card rewards, which makes these them a major user acquisition channel for card issuers — almost 60% of consumers rank rewards as a major reason for adopting a credit card By offering high-valued and attractive rewards, card issuers are able to drive up card adoption and usage — JPMorgan Chase reported a 35% increase in new card accounts in Q3 2016, after launching the Sapphire Reserve card. Offering high-valued credit card rewards does come at a high cost to card issuers — the costs associated with offering credit card rewards have more than doubled since 2010 for the six largest card issuers in the US However, major players in the space are already beginning to find ways to cut costs, including rolling back rewards on their most premium products and partnering with well-known brands to develop less expensive, more creative rewards offerings.   In full, the report:  Identifies the costs associated with offering rewards for issuers and how they have increased over time. Details why credit card issuers continue offering high-valued rewards. Analyzes how the industry has evolved since 2011 Explores how credit card issuers will advance in order to continue reaping the benefits of offering rewards without assuming increased costs.  To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the payments ecosystem. Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Payments American Express AMEX Millenials facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amex trying new approach with millennials Amex trying new approach with millennials This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Latest News Dow 20,523 -113.64 -0.55% Nasdaq 5,849 -7.32 -0.12% S&P 500 2,342 -6.82 -0.29% 3:05 A.M. ET AB Foods up 4.5% after raising dividend, 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,986.55 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,141.21 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 376.73 2:42 A.M. ET Opinion Despite Brexit, Theresa May ready to lead Europe 2:35 A.M. ET Zalando earnings flat even as revenue rises 2:35 A.M. ET Rentokil Initial revenue rises; sees 2017 in line 2:34 A.M. ET Heineken profit up 11% as sales beat views 2:33 A.M. ET AB Foods profit up 36% as Primark sales beat view 2:30 A.M. ET Polymetal gold output rises; keeps 2017 targets 2:29 A.M. ET Burberry revenue down, but boosted by FX gains 2:24 A.M. ET Remy Cointreau full-year sales rise 2:24 A.M. ET EU new car sales surge to March record 2:23 A.M. ET Akzo Nobel posts flat net profit in first quarter 2:23 A.M. ET Total reports jet fuel leak at Texas refinery 1:17 A.M. ET Oil Search sticks to production target 1:17 A.M. ET Oil prices slip as supply worries persist 12:01 A.M. ET This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets Market Extra Get email alerts Goldman Sachs CFO says the bank ‘didn’t navigate the market well’ By Mark DeCambre Published: Apr 18, 2017 4:13 p.m. ET Share Goldman’s shares are on track to book its worst daily decline since June 24, after a surprise earnings miss Getty Images Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein has had better trading days By MarkDeCambre Goldman Sachs Group Inc. offered a rare mea culpa on Tuesday, after uncharacteristic weakness in its bread-and-butter trading business helped the investment-banking powerhouse to deliver a first-quarter earnings stumble. “We did underperform and the underperformance was driven by commodities and currencies,” said newly minted Chief Financial Officer Martin Chavez, during a Tuesday morning call with analysts to discuss the bank’s quarterly results. “We could have done a better job navigating the markets and that’s all I will say,” he said. Goldman’s GS, -4.72%  overall trading declined 2.4% from a year earlier to $3.36 billion, with equity trading revenue down 6% to $1.67 billion, compared with $1.78 billion in the year-ago quarter. Fees from its business related to trading bonds, commodities and currencies, gained slightly to $1.69 billion. Still, the trading results marked an unusual lapse for the 148-year-old investment bank, founded by Marcus Goldman and Samuel Sachs, whose roots are steeped in the business of trading stocks and bonds, as much as brokering large corporate mergers and acquisitions. It also comes as rivals to the fifth largest bank by assets outperformed in trading. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.82% and Citigroup Inc. C, -0.97% which reported healthy quarterly results last week, both boasted a 17% increase in profit on the back of their trading operations. At J.P. Morgan, revenue from trading bonds, stocks and currencies, increased 13% to $5.82 billion from $5.17 billion in the first quarter of 2016, and a business related to trading Treasurys and other government bonds showed a 17% year-over-year climb. For Citigroup, trading increased by 17%, compared with the same period a year ago, climbing to $4.39 billion from $3.75 billion. Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store(1:31) As e-banking technology has improved, the number of bank branches is expected to fall by a third in the next decade. But rather than get rid of branches altogether, banks are trying to give them makeovers to get customers to still come in. Bank of America Corp. BAC, -0.44% which also reported quarterly results on Tuesday, posted a 22.5% increase in revenues to $4.029 billion from $3.288 billion in the first quarter of last year, excluding adjustments for accounting. “Goldman simply did not match what its biggest competitors did in the quarter,” Dick Bove, analyst at Rafferty Capital Markets told MarketWatch. “This raises serious questions about what is happening in that company.” Rafferty cut its rating on Goldman to hold from buy on the news and lowered its stock price target to $221 from $288, which is still above the stock’s current trading level of about $213. Goldman’s shares were off more than $10.67, or 4.7%, marking its steepest daily decline since June 24, 2016, in the aftermath of the U.K.’s referendum on leaving the European Union. The drop also marked its worst one-day fall following an earnings report ever, based on FactSet data. Among the 30 components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.55% Goldman’s decline was slashing more than 70 points from the price-weighted blue-chip gauge. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.29% ended the session off 0.3% as the lackluster earnings weighed on the broader market. Run by CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Goldman is among the most prominent investment banks, but one of its weaknesses is that its balance sheet pales in comparison to behemoth’s like J.P. Morgan, which can leverage their size and trading desks as clients position themselves in the wake of President Donald Trump’s election victory and promise of new regulatory and tax reforms. J.P. Morgan boasts total assets off $2.5 trillion, compared with Goldman’s total assets of $860 billion, as of the end of 2016. “We note that some of our competitors have bigger financing businesses and more significant corporate brands as a result of a larger lending book,” Chavez said on Tuesday’s call. A number of bank officials said the gains in trading came as investors readjusted their portfolios ahead of the uncertainty of elections in France, where antiestablishment candidate Marine Le Pen, threatens to end France’s EU membership if she wins the presidential election. To be sure, Goldman could rebound in the coming quarters as volatility revs up after a quiet phase. Since Trump’s presidential election victory on Nov. 8, Goldman has gained 18.5%, compared with a 9.8% climb for the S&P 500 and a roughly 12% rise for the Dow. However, Goldman is down 10% year to date, compared with a 5% gain for the S&P 500, as expectations that Trump will quickly deliver bank-friendly stimulus wane. More from MarketWatch China leads broad declines in Asian markets Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References GS -10.67 -4.72% JPM -0.70 -0.82% C -0.57 -0.97% BAC -0.10 -0.44% DJIA -113.64 -0.55% SPX -6.82 -0.29% Show all references Most Popular Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Americans get an ‘F’ on income tax quiz To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. MarketWatch Partner Center Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $215.59 -10.67 (-4.72%) Volume 12.4M Open $219.32 High $219.89 Low $213.18 P/E Ratio 11.45 Div Yield 1.39 Market Cap 90.0B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.16 -0.70 (-0.82%) Volume 14.0M Open $85.36 High $85.63 Low $84.74 P/E Ratio 13.12 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 305.5B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $58.42 -0.57 (-0.97%) Volume 16.8M Open $58.58 High $58.89 Low $58.07 P/E Ratio 11.75 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 163.1B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.71 -0.10 (-0.44%) Volume 144.9M Open $23.11 High $23.15 Low $22.38 P/E Ratio 14.37 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 228.4B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,523.28 -113.64 (-0.55%) Volume 263.2M Open 20,561 High 20,600 Low 20,462 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,343 High 2,348 Low 2,335 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Bank of America's Bragging Rights Come With an Assist By Gillian Tan Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg Finance Gillian Tan Gillian Tan is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and private equity. She previously was a reporter for the Wall Street Journal. She is a qualified chartered accountant. Follow @GillianTan Facebook Twitter Email Print Share April 18, 2017 12:58 PM EDT BANK OF AMERICA CORP -0.10 At Closing, April 18th 22.71 USD It must be nice for Bank of America Corp. Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan to enjoy some bragging rights for a change, but he shouldn't get too comfortable. Rising interest rates combined with strong performances from investment banking and trading lifted Bank of America's earnings well above estimates. The Charlotte, North Carolina-based lender's success stands in contrast to Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which raised eyebrows on Tuesday by posting results that fell short of Wall Street's expectations, and follows years of lagging performance that had made its stock a perennial under-achiever.  Shine Bright Bank of America had the best first quarter of the largest U.S. banks that have reported to date, thanks to higher net interest income spurred by rising rates Source: Bloomberg The bank got a a welcome assist from the Federal Reserve, whose changed stance on interest rates -- including two hikes since December -- has helped fatten lending margins. While the bank can charge borrowers more, Bank of America isn't increasing the interest it pays to customers on their deposits. The lender said it intends to remain "disciplined" in this practice and even if customers aren't seeing the benefits of rate hikes, the bank doesn't expect them to hunt around for a rival in which to park their cash. That's partly because a large portion are somewhat stuck with Bank of America-linked mortgages, car payments and other regular transactions -- or what the lender likes to call a "deep relationship."  Still, Bank of America can't afford to simply to ride on the wings of rising rates while managing its expenses. To buck slowing loan growth, Bank of America should consider selectively investing in areas such as its vehicle-lending business, where net charge-offs -- or the  loans on which it could face losses -- are just 0.38 percentage point, lower even than JPMorgan's at half a percentage point.  Slowing Bank of America's loans and leases balance grew by less than 1 percent in the 12 months since March 2016, less than the industry average Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Federal Reserve If Bank of America can maintain the current momentum, it will inch closer toward achieving key profitability measures, including a targeted 12 percent return on tangible common equity. Within Reach Thanks to rising rates, Bank of America is close to reaching one of its key profitability targets Source: Company filings *Adjusted figure indicates what the ROTCE would have been if a $1.4 billion expense was evenly spread throughout the year. Doing so -- or even resetting that higher -- will help it close the gap with rivals Wells Fargo & Co. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.. The duo last week posted first-quarter results that included return on tangible common equity figures of 13.85 percent and 13 percent, respectively, which allow them to trade at premium valuations to Bank of America.  Where To From Here? On a measure of price to tangible book value, Bank of America has trailed its two larger rivals because of its comparatively poorer profitability Source: Bloomberg Still, after a stellar first quarter and estimates for $150 million in additional net interest income in the second quarter thanks to higher rates, long-suffering Bank of America investors are seeing their patience pay off.  Moynihan should keep in mind, though, that now that they've got a taste for winning, they'll expect more of the same. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. Some analysts and investors had been hopeful that $150 million figure would be even higher. To contact the author of this story: Gillian Tan in New York at gtan129@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net On Contract On Contract U.S. H-1B visa applications are dominated by IT outsourcing and consulting companies Source: MyVisaJobs.com Based on Labor Condition Applications (LCA) filed in fiscal year 2016. Bosom Buddies Trump Is Tech's New Best Friend Tech Tim Culpan Lowell McAdam will pick up the phone for Anyone Hello? Verizon Waits by the Phone Deals Tara Lachapelle Government Cheese Government Cheese Growth in its Medicaid and Medicare businesses helped boost UnitedHealth shares Tuesday Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Uncle Sam's Club UnitedHealth's Government Growth Can't Be Ignored Health Max Nisen Grainger's Year-to-Date Decline 15% W.W. Grainger Meet the Latest Amazon Victim Industrials Brooke Sutherland Deep Disappointment Deep Disappointment Goldman's shares fell the most in almost a year after it reported earnings Source: Bloomberg Lost in Stagnation Goldman's Edge Cuts Both Ways Finance Lisa Abramowicz Deal Pop Deal Pop Shares in Kate Spade fell back down to pre-deal chatter levels after the company reported dismal first quarter results Source: Bloomberg Bag It Kate Spade Needs to Close Its Deal Consumer Shelly Banjo Guess Who Has Enough OLED Screens? Samsung  Weak Link The iPhone Supply Chain Bites Back at Apple Tech Shira Ovide Paper Gains Paper Gains SCA stock has outperformed as investors have egged on a likely demerger Source: Bloomberg Double-Jointed Deals Private Equity Winces as Companies Do the Splits Deals Chris Hughes It's Not All About Brexit It's Not All About Brexit Gilt yields have managed to weather the storm helped by falling yields elsewhere Source: Bloomberg Sterling Surprise Pound Votes for May's Determination Markets Marcus Ashworth Fallen Fortunes Fallen Fortunes While oil values have risen since the recent nadir in 2016, they're still relatively low Source: Bloomberg Use It and Lose It Oil Drillers' Vanishing Safety Net Markets Lisa Abramowicz Stuck in a Rut Stuck in a Rut French unemployment remains structurally high Source: Insee Taxi for France Uber-Phobia Is a Big Thing in France Tech Leila Abboud Accident Averted Accident Averted Daewoo Shipbuilding's debt restructuring has helped tame South Korea's credit default swap spreads, which flared up on rising war risks in the peninsula Source: Bloomberg buoyancy regained Korea Avoids Daewoo Shipwreck Industrials Andy Mukherjee Belle International buyout $5.7 billion Cinderella Story Belle Fits Private-Equity Playbook Perfectly Deals Nisha Gopalan The alternative to the IPO? The ICO Geeky and Greedy Want To Be a VC? Just Flip a Bitcoin Finance Lionel Laurent Pass the Popcorn Pass the Popcorn China's top-grossing films last year include three titles that also did well in the U.S. Source: BoxOfficeMojo.com On Script Hollywood's Fate in China Consumer Tim Culpan Raw Deal Raw Deal The British pound has slumped about 15 percent against the yuan since May 2012, when China's Bright Food Group acquired U.K. breakfast cereal maker Weetabix Source: Bloomberg Note: Shows G10 currencies. Matter of Taste Weetabix an Unsavory Lesson for China Inc. Deals Nisha Gopalan Tale of Two CEOs Tale of Two CEOs While Lawson has his critics, he has a track record of getting results. Kleinfeld also has a lot of critics and more debatable results. Source: Bloomberg Judgment Call Arconic's Board Is Asking for a Fight Deals Brooke Sutherland Doing Alright Doing Alright Eli Lilly's shares took a blow from a negative FDA decision, but are still doing just fine in 2017 Source: Bloomberg Cracked Pipeline Lilly's New-Drug Promise Is Fading Health Max Nisen Leading Hedge Permian Shale Producers Take the Strain Energy Liam Denning $treaming Video $treaming Video Amazon will spend nearly $4 billion this year for web video programming Source: Wedbush Securities, Sept. 2016 estimate Note: 2017 estimate is derived from Wedbush's forecast for Amazon's spending to increase by at least $500 million each year Free Advice A Prime Proposal for Amazon Tech Shira Ovide Rebuilding Year(s) Rebuilding Year(s) Analysts don't have high hopes for Alere's revenue growth Source: Bloomberg Data for 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 is subject to change pending Alere's restatements Tortured Courtship Abbott and Alere: It's an M&A Miracle Deals Brooke Sutherland Stepping Up Stepping Up Amazon's share of the online shoe market has grown as Zappos has stagnated Source: Slice Intelligence Note: Data is based on 1.2 million U.S. online shoppers; 2017 represents year to date. null The Next Shoe to Drop at Amazon Consumer Shelly Banjo China 1Q GDP 6.9% Great Expectations China's Tale of Two Cycles Markets Andy Mukherjee Ant Financial new offer +36% Counterpunch Jack's Back. With More Money, Too Tech Tim Culpan
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Goldman's Edge Cuts Both Ways By Lisa Abramowicz Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg Finance Lisa Abramowicz Lisa Abramowicz is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering the debt markets. She has written about debt markets for Bloomberg News since 2010. Follow @lisaabramowicz1 Facebook Twitter Email Print Share April 18, 2017 1:08 PM EDT GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC -10.67 At Closing, April 18th 215.59 USD Debt trading defines Goldman Sachs Group Inc. The New York bank is known for catering to hedge funds and asset managers that maneuver in the shadowy and lucrative world of private bonds and loans. It has committed to fixed-income trading even as some of its biggest rivals withdraw from the field. This explains Wall Street’s collective surprise Tuesday morning when Goldman reported fixed-income, currency and commodities trading revenue that missed analysts' estimates, coming in at $1.69 billion compared with the expected $2.03 billion. Not only was this a relatively rare disappointment in this area for the investment bank, but it was the first big U.S. bank to disappoint in first-quarter debt-trading results. Citigroup Inc., Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. have all exceeded expectations. And it's not clear that Goldman is well positioned for a quick rebound. Lagging Behind Goldman lagged behind peers in the first quarter with respect to debt-trading gains Source: Company filings Goldman shares headed for the worst earnings-day reaction since the last three months of 2010, as Lu Wang of Bloomberg News pointed out. The firm offered some vague explanations for the tepid report, namely that good revenues in interest-rate products and mortgages were offset by lower revenues in currencies, commodities and corporate credit. Deep Disappointment Goldman's shares fell the most in almost a year after it reported earnings Source: Bloomberg In a call with analysts, Martin Chavez, Goldman's deputy chief financial officer, said there were very low levels of volatility in the first quarter, with the lowest volatility in dollar-euro and crude in almost two years. This doesn’t give a full sense of the picture. Corporate-credit trading was robust in the first three months of 2017, and the other big banks are also significantly exposed to currencies and commodities volumes, which didn’t plummet. Here’s a more likely reason for Goldman’s disappointment: The firm stands to disproportionately benefit from times of widespread turmoil in which hedge funds and other active managers can swoop in and buy distressed assets at discounts. The first quarter of 2017 was rewarding for the biggest banks with corporate clients, which sold a record volume of investment-grade bonds. It wasn’t as good for scrappier firms. Junk-bond sales didn't hit at a record like issuance of higher-rated debt, leading to smaller gains in high-yield trading. Meanwhile, active fund managers continued to experience withdrawals, putting a strain on some of Goldman's clients. According to data compiled by Alison Williams of Bloomberg Intelligence, 22 percent of Goldman's trading business comes from hedge funds. That compares with 16 percent of Citigroup's fixed-income trading. While these figures aren't a precise apples-to-apples comparison, it gives a sense of just how much more dominant hedge funds are to Goldman's business, especially because fixed-income volumes account for a significant proportion of Citigroup's overall trading revenues.  Hedge funds just suffered their first year of net withdrawals since 2009, and withdrawals likely continued into 2017. These strategies have been underperforming broad indexes, prompting investors to question why they're paying such high fees. Tough Spell Hedge funds just faced the first full year of withdrawals since 2009 Source: HFR Goldman also implied that it had some losing wagers on its trading desk, although none of them seemed catastrophic. Still, this doesn't bode well for its strategy of being smarter and better than other firms and their market-making units.  It's clear that Goldman is poised to profit from a substantial dislocation in the market. It's not so clear that it's poised for a windfall in the current environment, which is a slow grind forward without a clear meltdown or melt-up on the horizon.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Lisa Abramowicz in New York at labramowicz@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Daniel Niemi at dniemi1@bloomberg.net On Contract On Contract U.S. H-1B visa applications are dominated by IT outsourcing and consulting companies Source: MyVisaJobs.com Based on Labor Condition Applications (LCA) filed in fiscal year 2016. Bosom Buddies Trump Is Tech's New Best Friend Tech Tim Culpan Lowell McAdam will pick up the phone for Anyone Hello? Verizon Waits by the Phone Deals Tara Lachapelle Government Cheese Government Cheese Growth in its Medicaid and Medicare businesses helped boost UnitedHealth shares Tuesday Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Uncle Sam's Club UnitedHealth's Government Growth Can't Be Ignored Health Max Nisen Grainger's Year-to-Date Decline 15% W.W. Grainger Meet the Latest Amazon Victim Industrials Brooke Sutherland Slowing Slowing Bank of America's loans and leases balance grew by less than 1 percent in the 12 months since March 2016, less than the industry average Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Federal Reserve Renewed Interest Bank of America's Bragging Rights Come With an Assist Finance Gillian Tan Deal Pop Deal Pop Shares in Kate Spade fell back down to pre-deal chatter levels after the company reported dismal first quarter results Source: Bloomberg Bag It Kate Spade Needs to Close Its Deal Consumer Shelly Banjo Guess Who Has Enough OLED Screens? Samsung  Weak Link The iPhone Supply Chain Bites Back at Apple Tech Shira Ovide Paper Gains Paper Gains SCA stock has outperformed as investors have egged on a likely demerger Source: Bloomberg Double-Jointed Deals Private Equity Winces as Companies Do the Splits Deals Chris Hughes It's Not All About Brexit It's Not All About Brexit Gilt yields have managed to weather the storm helped by falling yields elsewhere Source: Bloomberg Sterling Surprise Pound Votes for May's Determination Markets Marcus Ashworth Fallen Fortunes Fallen Fortunes While oil values have risen since the recent nadir in 2016, they're still relatively low Source: Bloomberg Use It and Lose It Oil Drillers' Vanishing Safety Net Markets Lisa Abramowicz Stuck in a Rut Stuck in a Rut French unemployment remains structurally high Source: Insee Taxi for France Uber-Phobia Is a Big Thing in France Tech Leila Abboud Accident Averted Accident Averted Daewoo Shipbuilding's debt restructuring has helped tame South Korea's credit default swap spreads, which flared up on rising war risks in the peninsula Source: Bloomberg buoyancy regained Korea Avoids Daewoo Shipwreck Industrials Andy Mukherjee Belle International buyout $5.7 billion Cinderella Story Belle Fits Private-Equity Playbook Perfectly Deals Nisha Gopalan The alternative to the IPO? The ICO Geeky and Greedy Want To Be a VC? Just Flip a Bitcoin Finance Lionel Laurent Pass the Popcorn Pass the Popcorn China's top-grossing films last year include three titles that also did well in the U.S. Source: BoxOfficeMojo.com On Script Hollywood's Fate in China Consumer Tim Culpan Raw Deal Raw Deal The British pound has slumped about 15 percent against the yuan since May 2012, when China's Bright Food Group acquired U.K. breakfast cereal maker Weetabix Source: Bloomberg Note: Shows G10 currencies. Matter of Taste Weetabix an Unsavory Lesson for China Inc. Deals Nisha Gopalan Tale of Two CEOs Tale of Two CEOs While Lawson has his critics, he has a track record of getting results. Kleinfeld also has a lot of critics and more debatable results. Source: Bloomberg Judgment Call Arconic's Board Is Asking for a Fight Deals Brooke Sutherland Doing Alright Doing Alright Eli Lilly's shares took a blow from a negative FDA decision, but are still doing just fine in 2017 Source: Bloomberg Cracked Pipeline Lilly's New-Drug Promise Is Fading Health Max Nisen Leading Hedge Permian Shale Producers Take the Strain Energy Liam Denning $treaming Video $treaming Video Amazon will spend nearly $4 billion this year for web video programming Source: Wedbush Securities, Sept. 2016 estimate Note: 2017 estimate is derived from Wedbush's forecast for Amazon's spending to increase by at least $500 million each year Free Advice A Prime Proposal for Amazon Tech Shira Ovide Rebuilding Year(s) Rebuilding Year(s) Analysts don't have high hopes for Alere's revenue growth Source: Bloomberg Data for 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 is subject to change pending Alere's restatements Tortured Courtship Abbott and Alere: It's an M&A Miracle Deals Brooke Sutherland Stepping Up Stepping Up Amazon's share of the online shoe market has grown as Zappos has stagnated Source: Slice Intelligence Note: Data is based on 1.2 million U.S. online shoppers; 2017 represents year to date. null The Next Shoe to Drop at Amazon Consumer Shelly Banjo China 1Q GDP 6.9% Great Expectations China's Tale of Two Cycles Markets Andy Mukherjee Ant Financial new offer +36% Counterpunch Jack's Back. With More Money, Too Tech Tim Culpan
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics NFLX UNH Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More IBM misses on revenues, drops in Tuesday's after-hour session >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why Dish Network Corp (DISH), Snyder’s-Lance Inc (LNCE) and Incyte Corporation (INCY) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks LNCE, DISH and INCY stock got the new trading week started on the wrong foot By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Apr 17, 2017, 4:47 pm EDT     Popular Posts: 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever Don’t Buy Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Because of the NFL, But … Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is Officially Off the Investment Pedestal Recent Posts: Why Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS), Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) and Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Screaming Buy After Q1 Earnings Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is Officially Off the Investment Pedestal View All Posts While stocks may have ended last week’s holiday-shortened trading on a low note, the three-day weekend gave traders a chance to forget about their concerns and get back on their bullish horse. The S&P 500 ended Monday at 2,349.01, up 0.86%. It wasn’t a glorious resumption of trading activity for all names though. Snyder’s-Lance Inc (NASDAQ:LNCE), Dish Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) and Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY) couldn’t win for losing today. Here’s a look at what upended each stock. Incyte Corporation (INCY) It may not have been a fatal smack-down on soul-crushing news for Incyte Corporation shareholders on Monday, but the 10.5% setback INCY suffered clearly says traders are worried about what the announcement could mean. On Monday, Incyte announced that an arthritis drug it and Eli Lilly and Co (NYSE:LLY) were co-developing was not approved by the Food and Drug Administration. While the government’s pharmaceutical regulator didn’t outright reject baricitinib, it is delaying its potential approval until more clinical trials can pinpoint the correct dosage needed to make the drug effective but also safe to use. BMO Capital Markets believes the FDA’s response will add an additional three years worth of development time for baricitinib, which some say could have driven as much as $1 billion worth of revenue by 2020. In addition to the sizeable setback suffered by INCY, LLY shares fell 4.1% on the news. Dish Network Corp (DISH) If Dish Network was a potential acquisition target before today, it’s less of one now. That’s the consensus market opinion surrounding the stock today, if the 5.7% plunge DISH made today is any indication. The stock took that hit in the wake of reports from JPMorgan that it purchased roughly 18 megahertz worth of spectrum at the Federal Communications Commission’s most recent auction of licensed radio frequencies. All told, the company spent $6.2 billion on spectrum, far exceeding investor expectations. DISH had been pegged as a buyout target in the midst of a wave of mergers and acquisition between telecom and media companies. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) had even been explicitly named as a possible suitor. That seems less likely to JPMorgan analyst Philip Cusick now, though, with the cost/liability of a deal going up by that amount. Snyder’s-Lance Inc (LNCE) Finally, snack food company Snyder’s-Lance — the name behind Tom’s snacks, Kettle Chips, Pop-Secret and more — warned LNCE shareholders today that 2017’s per-share profit would only roll in somewhere between $1.05 and $1.20 per share. Previous guidance had suggested income for this year would be between $1.32 and $1.42 per share of LNCE. Fanning the bearish flames that cooked Snyder’s-Lance was the sudden and unexpected exit of CEO of Carl Lee Jr., who is now officially retired. His step-down appears amicable, though the fact that Brian Driscoll has only been named as interim CEO suggests the move isn’t one that has been planned for a while. With shareholders understandably presuming the disruption could be an indication of trouble ahead, LNCE ended the day down 15.4%. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/why-dish-network-corp-dish-snyders-lance-inc-lnce-and-incyte-corporation-incy-are-3-of-todays-worst-stocks/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Companies That Will Disappear in a Decade 4 Healthcare Stocks Starting to Look Sick 3 Stocks to Buy to Ride the Next 3D Printing Cycle 5 Fortune 500 CEOs Lucky to Have Jobs Should You Buy Tesla or General Motors? iPhone 8 Supercycle or Bust? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks That Won’t Exist in a Decade 5 Fortune 500 CEOs Who Are Lucky to Have Jobs 4 Healthcare Stocks That Are Starting to Look Sick 3 Stocks to Buy to Ride the Next 3D Printing Cycle Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Long-Term Powerhouse Most Popular 7 Top Emerging Markets Stocks to Buy Now 5 Tech Stocks to Buy for Growth AND Dividends 3 of the Best Trades on Wall Street Right Now 7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street today Business Insider Apr. 18, 2017, 12:37 PM 482 facebook linkedin twitter email print Twitter/Goldman Sachs Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. "Sorry to give you a hard time on your first call," UBS analyst Brennan Hawken told Goldman Sachs' incoming CFO, Marty Chavez, before returning to ask a question about a popular topic. "I'm still confused," he said of fixed income, currencies, and commodities. "I think I have some company." Earlier Tuesday, Goldman Sachs reported first-quarter earnings that came up short, missing estimates by a distance. The results sent the stock price plummeting, down by about 4.5%. Here's what Chavez had to say about the results. In contrast, Bank of America beat, posting a record quarter in investment banking. In President Trump news: OPINION: Trump's next big economic test could turn into a crisis Trump to sign "Buy American, Hire American" order targeting the main visa program for tech workers Trump is forgetting "an underappreciated benefit of NAFTA" Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin admits the August deadline for Trump's massive tax cuts is "not realistic at this point" Meet Trump's designated driver of Wall Street deregulation In deal news, Cardinal Health is buying Medtronic's medical supplies businesses for $6.1 billion. And China's Bright Food Group has agreed to sell iconic British cereal brand Weetabix to US cereal company Post Holdings for $1.76 billion. In earnings news, United Airlines beat on earnings and sales. Netflix missed subscriber growth targets, but expects a big Q2. UnitedHealth crushed earnings in its first quarter since dumping most of its Obamacare business. In Europe, UK Prime Minister Theresa May has called for a snap general election on June 8. Here's everything you need to know about what will happen next. In related news,  Deutsche Bank, one of the most pessimistic financial institutions on the pound since Britain voted to leave the European Union, is reversing course on its "structurally bearish" view of the currency. Elsewhere, here's the key market indicator to watch ahead of the French election. And here's how to trade a geopolitical shock. Theranos will be able to operate a blood testing lab again in 2019. Tesla workers are threatening to strike. The United Airlines boycott is not backing down — here's how it could affect sales. Lastly, here are 28 hot cars at the 2017 New York Auto Show. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hours. Credit Suisse CEO Thiam to get $10.2 million for 2016 after bonus cut - Credit Suisse chief executive Tidjane Thiam's 2016 compensation will total 10.24 million Swiss francs ($10.2 million), down from 11.9 million, after the Swiss bank's top management offered to cut their bonuses by 40% following mounting shareholder pressure. CHARLES SCHWAB: Markets will face their biggest risk in the coming weeks — here’s how we think it will end - Wall Street bears have a lot of evidence to make the argument that this bull market is running out of steam. Ex-JPMorgan analyst cleared of insider trading charges - A federal judge has dismissed the remaining charges against a former JPMorgan Chase & Co investment banking analyst accused of engaging in an insider trading scheme, after a jury in February largely acquitted him. Industrial production jumps despite tumbling auto output - Industrial production, the Federal Reserve's measure of US goods output, was right in line with expectations for the month of March. New homebuilding plunges by more than expected - New residential construction dropped by more than expected in March, according to a monthly report from the Department of Commerce. How millennials can save the world while saving for retirement - If you are a millennial investor—or just think like one—you are likely to have some very different attitudes about investing than previous generations. Under Armour made a fatal error that will take "years" to fix - Investment firm Wedbush Securities released its first investment rating of Under Armour, and it's not great news for the sports brand. SEE ALSO: The 27 most important finance books ever written Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street today What you need to know on Wall Street today Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Latest News Dow 20,523 -113.64 -0.55% Nasdaq 5,849 -7.32 -0.12% S&P 500 2,342 -6.82 -0.29% 3:05 A.M. ET AB Foods up 4.5% after raising dividend, 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,986.55 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,141.21 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 376.73 2:42 A.M. ET Opinion Despite Brexit, Theresa May ready to lead Europe 2:35 A.M. ET Zalando earnings flat even as revenue rises 2:35 A.M. ET Rentokil Initial revenue rises; sees 2017 in line 2:34 A.M. ET Heineken profit up 11% as sales beat views 2:33 A.M. ET AB Foods profit up 36% as Primark sales beat view 2:30 A.M. ET Polymetal gold output rises; keeps 2017 targets 2:29 A.M. ET Burberry revenue down, but boosted by FX gains 2:24 A.M. ET Remy Cointreau full-year sales rise 2:24 A.M. ET EU new car sales surge to March record 2:23 A.M. ET Akzo Nobel posts flat net profit in first quarter 2:23 A.M. ET Total reports jet fuel leak at Texas refinery 1:17 A.M. ET Oil Search sticks to production target 1:17 A.M. ET Oil prices slip as supply worries persist 12:01 A.M. ET This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market ends lower as Goldman, Netflix earnings disappoint By Sue Chang and Joseph Adinolfi Published: Apr 18, 2017 4:37 p.m. ET Share Geopolitical tensions continue to burden equities By SueChang Markets reporter JosephAdinolfi Markets reporter Freestyle Releasing/Courtesy Everett Collection Stocks are having their fourth down day in five sessions as weak earnings and geopolitical jitters weigh on sentiment. U.S. stocks on Tuesday finished squarely in negative territory, but off session lows, as a spate of tepid corporate earnings weighed on the broader market. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.55% dropped 113.64 points, or 0.6%, to close at 20,523.28, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.29%  fell 6.82 points, or 0.3%, to end at 2,342.19, as health-care, energy and financial shares led the broad-market gauge lower. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.12% lost 7.32 points, or 0.1%, to close at 5,849.47. A decline in shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -4.72%  shaved more than 70 points off the Dow industrials after the investment bank’s first-quarter results missed Wall Street expectations. Shares of Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -3.10% another Dow component, slid after the company reported a drop in sales that offset stronger-than-expected profits. The pair represented the biggest losers on the Dow. Netflix Inc. NFLX, -2.64% slumped, as investors grew concerned about the streaming-video company’s ability to attract and retain subscribers. The firm reported late Monday that it had added fewer subscribers than expected during the first quarter. Overall, the tone of the latest batch of corporate reports was generally lackluster, said Kim Forrest, senior analyst and portfolio manager at Fort Pitt Capital. Goldman stumbles in first-quarter earnings(3:24) Goldman Sachs' first-quarter earnings report was a rare miss, and most other big banks reported large profits. Deputy Banking editor Aaron Lucchetti and Lunch Break's Tanya Rivero discuss what went wrong at Goldman. Photo: Reuters “The misses weren’t huge, but they didn’t quite make [the] analysts’ mark,” Forrest said. Market participants have been looking to corporate earnings to justify a strong rally in equities that had taken stock benchmarks to records as recently as March 1, but that run-up has since stalled as doubts about valuations and concerns about President Donald Trump’s ability to quickly implement pro-growth policies weigh on sentiment. But the recent spate of tepid earnings notwithstanding, analysts still expect a strong quarter for corporate results. “S&P 500 is expected to deliver strongest earnings growth in 22 quarters with momentum driven by recovering U.S. and global economic growth, higher oil prices, and rising rates for financials compared to one year ago,” said Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, head of U.S. equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., in a note to investors. News out of the U.K. also pressured the U.S. market, according to Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, as British Prime Minister Theresa May called for a snap general election that she said would be necessary to strengthen her hand during negotiations with the European Union as the country exits the European trade bloc. Recent lackluster U.S. economic data, including a disappointing March jobs report, have pressured markets lower, as have mounting tensions between the U.S. and several of its geopolitical rivals. Karyn Cavanaugh, market strategist at Voya Investment Management, said she expects shares to languish until a clearer picture of quarterly earnings emerges. “The data, coupled with the geopolitical risk out there are making investors say ‘show me what you’ve got’— they want to see the earnings,” Cavanaugh said. Tensions between the U.S. and North Korea remain elevated with both countries exchanging threats. Meanwhile, President Trump signed an executive order Tuesday evening to further bolster his “Buy American, Hire American” program after visiting Snap-On Inc.’s SNA, -0.12%  Wisconsin facility. The order will make it more difficult for foreign workers to secure working visas and promote the purchase of U.S.-made products. Pence warns North Korea not to test Trump(3:50) Speaking alongside South Korea’s acting President Hwang Kyo-Ahn in Seoul, Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea not to test Donald Trump's resolve "or the strength of the armed forces of the U.S. in this region." Read: Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ Earnings to watch: Bank of America Corp. BAC, -0.44%  and UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, +0.84% were the two standouts of Tuesday’s batch of earnings, but Bank of America shares fell while UnitedHealth rose. Bank earnings have been mixed so far this quarter, with strong reports by J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.82%  and Citigroup Inc. C, -0.97%  offset by weakness at Goldman and Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, -0.51%   Stock movers: Shares of United Continental Holdings Inc. UAL, -4.27%  reversed gains to drop more than 4% after the United Airlines’s parent company late Monday reported adjusted earnings that beat expectations. United CEO Oscar Munoz said in the earnings statement that the incident of a passenger being forcibly removed from a plane was a “humbling experience.” Shares of Cardinal Health Inc. CAH, -11.54%  tumbled 11% after the company struck a deal to buy part of Medtronic PLC’s MDT, -0.04% patient monitoring and recovery unit. Post Holdings Inc. POST, -3.81%  shares sank over 4% after the packaged food company said it is buying iconic U.K. breakfast brand Weetabix Food Co. for £1.4 billion ($1.76 billion). Economic news and Fed speakers: Manufacturing output fell in March for the first time since last August, according to a batch of industrial-production data released Tuesday. Also, a reading on housing starts, which measure the number of new-home construction projects that broke ground during a given month, was slightly weaker than expected in March. Kansas City Federal Reserve President Esther George, speaking at Bard College Tuesday morning, said the central bank should begin reducing its balance sheet this year, echoing remarks by other Fed officials, including New York Fed President William Dudley. Other markets: The British pound rallied after May’s announcement about the snap election. Gold GCM7, -0.57% settled slightly higher while silver and other industrial metals weakened. A key gauge of the dollar’s strength, the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.13% slid firmly after May’s announcement as the euro EURUSD, -0.0466%  and British pound GBPUSD, -0.1246%  rallied. Stocks in Asia closed mixed, with Japan’s Nikkei 225 index NIK, +0.07%  ending higher, but Chinese markets falling. Oil prices CLK7, -0.10%  were flat after paring losses. —Sara Sjolin contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch China leads broad declines in Asian markets Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References DJIA -113.64 -0.55% SPX -6.82 -0.29% COMP -7.32 -0.12% GS -10.67 -4.72% JNJ -3.90 -3.10% NFLX -3.89 -2.64% SNA -0.20 -0.12% BAC -0.10 -0.44% UNH +1.41 +0.84% JPM -0.70 -0.82% C -0.57 -0.97% WFC -0.27 -0.51% UAL -3.02 -4.27% CAH -9.44 -11.54% MDT -0.03 -0.04% POST -3.35 -3.81% GCM7 -7.40 -0.57% DXY +0.13 +0.13% EURUSD -0.0005 -0.0466% GBPUSD -0.0016 -0.1246% NIK +13.61 +0.07% CLK7 -0.05 -0.10% Show all references Most Popular Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Americans get an ‘F’ on income tax quiz To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,523.28 -113.64 (-0.55%) Volume 263.2M Open 20,561 High 20,600 Low 20,462 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,343 High 2,348 Low 2,335 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,849.47 -7.32 (-0.12%) Volume 0 Open 5,839 High 5,860 Low 5,829 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $215.59 -10.67 (-4.72%) Volume 12.4M Open $219.32 High $219.89 Low $213.18 P/E Ratio 11.45 Div Yield 1.39 Market Cap 90.0B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $121.82 -3.90 (-3.10%) Volume 13.2M Open $123.18 High $123.37 Low $120.95 P/E Ratio 20.47 Div Yield 2.63 Market Cap 340.8B Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $143.36 -3.89 (-2.64%) Volume 19.6M Open $147.34 High $147.40 Low $140.00 P/E Ratio 188.63 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 63.4B Snap-On Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNA $163.31 -0.20 (-0.12%) Volume 783.0K Open $162.63 High $163.62 Low $159.91 P/E Ratio 17.73 Div Yield 1.74 Market Cap 9.5B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.71 -0.10 (-0.44%) Volume 144.9M Open $23.11 High $23.15 Low $22.38 P/E Ratio 14.37 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 228.4B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $168.59 +1.41 (+0.84%) Volume 5.5M Open $170.06 High $170.23 Low $167.70 P/E Ratio 21 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 161.3B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.16 -0.70 (-0.82%) Volume 14.0M Open $85.36 High $85.63 Low $84.74 P/E Ratio 13.12 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 305.5B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $58.42 -0.57 (-0.97%) Volume 16.8M Open $58.58 High $58.89 Low $58.07 P/E Ratio 11.75 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 163.1B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $52.45 -0.27 (-0.51%) Volume 22.0M Open $52.36 High $52.67 Low $52.09 P/E Ratio 13.11 Div Yield 2.9 Market Cap 263.4B United Continental Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UAL $67.75 -3.02 (-4.27%) Volume 10.9M Open $70.97 High $70.98 Low $67.55 P/E Ratio 10.65 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.3B Cardinal Health Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAH $72.39 -9.44 (-11.54%) Volume 13.3M Open $72.65 High $74.00 Low $71.95 P/E Ratio 17.36 Div Yield 2.48 Market Cap 25.8B Medtronic PLC U.S.: NYSE: MDT $80.33 -0.03 (-0.04%) Volume 4.5M Open $80.68 High $80.68 Low $80.12 P/E Ratio 28.39 Div Yield 2.14 Market Cap 110.0B Post Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: POST $84.51 -3.35 (-3.81%) Volume 2.7M Open $88.40 High $88.54 Low $82.72 P/E Ratio 128.05 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.6B Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,286.70 -7.40 (-0.57%) Volume 38234 Open $1,292 High $1,293 Low $1,285 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 99.64 +0.13 (+0.13%) Volume 0 Open 99.51 High 99.71 Low 99.51 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Euro Tullett Prebon: EURUSD 1.0724 -0.0005 (-0.0466%) Volume 0 Open 1.07 High 1.07 Low 1.07 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2825 -0.0016 (-0.1246%) Volume 0 Open 1.28 High 1.29 Low 1.28 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 18,432.20 +13.61 (+0.07%) Volume 0 Open 18,327 High 18,468 Low 18,327 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic May 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLK7 $52.36 -0.05 (-0.10%) Volume 5982 Open $52.36 High $52.42 Low $52.24 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 20,523 -113.64 -0.55% Nasdaq 5,849 -7.32 -0.12% S&P 500 2,342 -6.82 -0.29% 3:05 A.M. ET AB Foods up 4.5% after raising dividend, 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,986.55 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,141.21 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 376.73 2:42 A.M. ET Opinion Despite Brexit, Theresa May ready to lead Europe 2:35 A.M. ET Zalando earnings flat even as revenue rises 2:35 A.M. ET Rentokil Initial revenue rises; sees 2017 in line 2:34 A.M. ET Heineken profit up 11% as sales beat views 2:33 A.M. ET AB Foods profit up 36% as Primark sales beat view 2:30 A.M. ET Polymetal gold output rises; keeps 2017 targets 2:29 A.M. ET Burberry revenue down, but boosted by FX gains 2:24 A.M. ET Remy Cointreau full-year sales rise 2:24 A.M. ET EU new car sales surge to March record 2:23 A.M. ET Akzo Nobel posts flat net profit in first quarter 2:23 A.M. ET Total reports jet fuel leak at Texas refinery 1:17 A.M. ET Oil Search sticks to production target 1:17 A.M. ET Oil prices slip as supply worries persist 12:01 A.M. ET This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market ends lower as Goldman, Netflix earnings disappoint By Sue Chang and Joseph Adinolfi Published: Apr 18, 2017 4:37 p.m. ET Share Geopolitical tensions continue to burden equities By SueChang Markets reporter JosephAdinolfi Markets reporter Freestyle Releasing/Courtesy Everett Collection Stocks are having their fourth down day in five sessions as weak earnings and geopolitical jitters weigh on sentiment. U.S. stocks on Tuesday finished squarely in negative territory, but off session lows, as a spate of tepid corporate earnings weighed on the broader market. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.55% dropped 113.64 points, or 0.6%, to close at 20,523.28, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.29%  fell 6.82 points, or 0.3%, to end at 2,342.19, as health-care, energy and financial shares led the broad-market gauge lower. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.12% lost 7.32 points, or 0.1%, to close at 5,849.47. A decline in shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -4.72%  shaved more than 70 points off the Dow industrials after the investment bank’s first-quarter results missed Wall Street expectations. Shares of Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -3.10% another Dow component, slid after the company reported a drop in sales that offset stronger-than-expected profits. The pair represented the biggest losers on the Dow. Netflix Inc. NFLX, -2.64% slumped, as investors grew concerned about the streaming-video company’s ability to attract and retain subscribers. The firm reported late Monday that it had added fewer subscribers than expected during the first quarter. Overall, the tone of the latest batch of corporate reports was generally lackluster, said Kim Forrest, senior analyst and portfolio manager at Fort Pitt Capital. Goldman stumbles in first-quarter earnings(3:24) Goldman Sachs' first-quarter earnings report was a rare miss, and most other big banks reported large profits. Deputy Banking editor Aaron Lucchetti and Lunch Break's Tanya Rivero discuss what went wrong at Goldman. Photo: Reuters “The misses weren’t huge, but they didn’t quite make [the] analysts’ mark,” Forrest said. Market participants have been looking to corporate earnings to justify a strong rally in equities that had taken stock benchmarks to records as recently as March 1, but that run-up has since stalled as doubts about valuations and concerns about President Donald Trump’s ability to quickly implement pro-growth policies weigh on sentiment. But the recent spate of tepid earnings notwithstanding, analysts still expect a strong quarter for corporate results. “S&P 500 is expected to deliver strongest earnings growth in 22 quarters with momentum driven by recovering U.S. and global economic growth, higher oil prices, and rising rates for financials compared to one year ago,” said Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, head of U.S. equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., in a note to investors. News out of the U.K. also pressured the U.S. market, according to Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, as British Prime Minister Theresa May called for a snap general election that she said would be necessary to strengthen her hand during negotiations with the European Union as the country exits the European trade bloc. Recent lackluster U.S. economic data, including a disappointing March jobs report, have pressured markets lower, as have mounting tensions between the U.S. and several of its geopolitical rivals. Karyn Cavanaugh, market strategist at Voya Investment Management, said she expects shares to languish until a clearer picture of quarterly earnings emerges. “The data, coupled with the geopolitical risk out there are making investors say ‘show me what you’ve got’— they want to see the earnings,” Cavanaugh said. Tensions between the U.S. and North Korea remain elevated with both countries exchanging threats. Meanwhile, President Trump signed an executive order Tuesday evening to further bolster his “Buy American, Hire American” program after visiting Snap-On Inc.’s SNA, -0.12%  Wisconsin facility. The order will make it more difficult for foreign workers to secure working visas and promote the purchase of U.S.-made products. Pence warns North Korea not to test Trump(3:50) Speaking alongside South Korea’s acting President Hwang Kyo-Ahn in Seoul, Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea not to test Donald Trump's resolve "or the strength of the armed forces of the U.S. in this region." Read: Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ Earnings to watch: Bank of America Corp. BAC, -0.44%  and UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, +0.84% were the two standouts of Tuesday’s batch of earnings, but Bank of America shares fell while UnitedHealth rose. Bank earnings have been mixed so far this quarter, with strong reports by J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.82%  and Citigroup Inc. C, -0.97%  offset by weakness at Goldman and Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, -0.51%   Stock movers: Shares of United Continental Holdings Inc. UAL, -4.27%  reversed gains to drop more than 4% after the United Airlines’s parent company late Monday reported adjusted earnings that beat expectations. United CEO Oscar Munoz said in the earnings statement that the incident of a passenger being forcibly removed from a plane was a “humbling experience.” Shares of Cardinal Health Inc. CAH, -11.54%  tumbled 11% after the company struck a deal to buy part of Medtronic PLC’s MDT, -0.04% patient monitoring and recovery unit. Post Holdings Inc. POST, -3.81%  shares sank over 4% after the packaged food company said it is buying iconic U.K. breakfast brand Weetabix Food Co. for £1.4 billion ($1.76 billion). Economic news and Fed speakers: Manufacturing output fell in March for the first time since last August, according to a batch of industrial-production data released Tuesday. Also, a reading on housing starts, which measure the number of new-home construction projects that broke ground during a given month, was slightly weaker than expected in March. Kansas City Federal Reserve President Esther George, speaking at Bard College Tuesday morning, said the central bank should begin reducing its balance sheet this year, echoing remarks by other Fed officials, including New York Fed President William Dudley. Other markets: The British pound rallied after May’s announcement about the snap election. Gold GCM7, -0.56% settled slightly higher while silver and other industrial metals weakened. A key gauge of the dollar’s strength, the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.12% slid firmly after May’s announcement as the euro EURUSD, -0.0373%  and British pound GBPUSD, -0.1168%  rallied. Stocks in Asia closed mixed, with Japan’s Nikkei 225 index NIK, +0.07%  ending higher, but Chinese markets falling. Oil prices CLK7, -0.08%  were flat after paring losses. —Sara Sjolin contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? What's Next for Oscar Munoz and United Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References DJIA -113.64 -0.55% SPX -6.82 -0.29% COMP -7.32 -0.12% GS -10.67 -4.72% JNJ -3.90 -3.10% NFLX -3.89 -2.64% SNA -0.20 -0.12% BAC -0.10 -0.44% UNH +1.41 +0.84% JPM -0.70 -0.82% C -0.57 -0.97% WFC -0.27 -0.51% UAL -3.02 -4.27% CAH -9.44 -11.54% MDT -0.03 -0.04% POST -3.35 -3.81% GCM7 -7.30 -0.56% DXY +0.12 +0.12% EURUSD -0.0004 -0.0373% GBPUSD -0.0015 -0.1168% NIK +13.61 +0.07% CLK7 -0.04 -0.08% Show all references Most Popular Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Americans get an ‘F’ on income tax quiz To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,523.28 -113.64 (-0.55%) Volume 263.2M Open 20,561 High 20,600 Low 20,462 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,343 High 2,348 Low 2,335 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,849.47 -7.32 (-0.12%) Volume 0 Open 5,839 High 5,860 Low 5,829 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $215.59 -10.67 (-4.72%) Volume 12.4M Open $219.32 High $219.89 Low $213.18 P/E Ratio 11.45 Div Yield 1.39 Market Cap 90.0B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $121.82 -3.90 (-3.10%) Volume 13.2M Open $123.18 High $123.37 Low $120.95 P/E Ratio 20.47 Div Yield 2.63 Market Cap 340.8B Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $143.36 -3.89 (-2.64%) Volume 19.6M Open $147.34 High $147.40 Low $140.00 P/E Ratio 188.63 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 63.4B Snap-On Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNA $163.31 -0.20 (-0.12%) Volume 783.0K Open $162.63 High $163.62 Low $159.91 P/E Ratio 17.73 Div Yield 1.74 Market Cap 9.5B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.71 -0.10 (-0.44%) Volume 144.9M Open $23.11 High $23.15 Low $22.38 P/E Ratio 14.37 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 228.4B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $168.59 +1.41 (+0.84%) Volume 5.5M Open $170.06 High $170.23 Low $167.70 P/E Ratio 21 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 161.3B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.16 -0.70 (-0.82%) Volume 14.0M Open $85.36 High $85.63 Low $84.74 P/E Ratio 13.12 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 305.5B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $58.42 -0.57 (-0.97%) Volume 16.8M Open $58.58 High $58.89 Low $58.07 P/E Ratio 11.75 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 163.1B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $52.45 -0.27 (-0.51%) Volume 22.0M Open $52.36 High $52.67 Low $52.09 P/E Ratio 13.11 Div Yield 2.9 Market Cap 263.4B United Continental Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UAL $67.75 -3.02 (-4.27%) Volume 10.9M Open $70.97 High $70.98 Low $67.55 P/E Ratio 10.65 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.3B Cardinal Health Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAH $72.39 -9.44 (-11.54%) Volume 13.3M Open $72.65 High $74.00 Low $71.95 P/E Ratio 17.36 Div Yield 2.48 Market Cap 25.8B Medtronic PLC U.S.: NYSE: MDT $80.33 -0.03 (-0.04%) Volume 4.5M Open $80.68 High $80.68 Low $80.12 P/E Ratio 28.39 Div Yield 2.14 Market Cap 110.0B Post Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: POST $84.51 -3.35 (-3.81%) Volume 2.7M Open $88.40 High $88.54 Low $82.72 P/E Ratio 128.05 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.6B Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,286.80 -7.30 (-0.56%) Volume 38383 Open $1,292 High $1,293 Low $1,285 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 99.62 +0.12 (+0.12%) Volume 0 Open 99.51 High 99.71 Low 99.51 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Euro Tullett Prebon: EURUSD 1.0725 -0.0004 (-0.0373%) Volume 0 Open 1.07 High 1.07 Low 1.07 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2826 -0.0015 (-0.1168%) Volume 0 Open 1.28 High 1.29 Low 1.28 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 18,432.20 +13.61 (+0.07%) Volume 0 Open 18,327 High 18,468 Low 18,327 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic May 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLK7 $52.37 -0.04 (-0.08%) Volume 5985 Open $52.36 High $52.42 Low $52.24 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Earnings Ramp Up, But International Uncertainty Signals Caution The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 18, 2017 12:39pm   Comments Share: The market snapped its three-day losing streak Monday in a very convincing manner, but Tuesday opened with caution still the watchword. Yesterday’s financial-led rally ran into today’s earnings from Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE: GS), which look like a mixed bag. Futures trading pointed to a possible lower open across the board. From a broad standpoint, the market continues to give off cautionary signs, including five-month highs in gold, a continued rally in bonds, a drop in oil prices, and another move upward in the volatility index. European and Asian stocks were mostly lower. Geopolitical and policy news could continue to take the forefront in coming days even as earnings keep pouring in. BAC delivered earnings that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations for both top- and bottom lines. Trading revenue, a closely watched metric, came in strong. But GS disappointed, failing to meet expectations on either earnings per share or revenue. And its trading results in the quarter looked flat to lower. Shares of GS fell in pre-market trading. It was a little surprising to see GS fall short of expectations on equity trading revenue, because other banks did well in that category and it tends to be GS’s strength. The mixed earnings from BAC and GS came after Monday’s hefty financial rally, in which the sector jumped 1.6% to easily take the checkered flag among all sectors for the day. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) and Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) — both of which reported strong earnings last Thursday before the holiday weekend — were two of sector’s leading performers, but the whole sector benefited in part from their tailwind and also from a slight recovery in 10-year Treasury yields. Keep in mind, however, that yields remain well under recent highs near 2.6%, and are below what had seemed like solid technical support at 2.3%. Yields might continue to struggle as long as geopolitical tensions remain high, though those tensions seemed to ease somewhat over the weekend and Monday before floating back up into the mix again early Tuesday. North Korea may be the top geopolitical hot spot, but remember it’s not the only place people are watching. The first round of voting in the French election is this coming weekend, and polls remain close. A strong showing by the far-right candidate or by another candidate on the far left could potentially make investors nervous, bringing back memories of last year’s Brexit vote. And in England, stocks fell sharply Tuesday after British Prime Minister Theresa May called for an early general election. Banks weren’t the only companies reporting earnings late Monday and early Tuesday. The first major tech company to report was Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX), which beat analysts’ estimates on earnings and matched on revenue. Subscribership is one of the keys to assessing NFLX, and the numbers looked kind of weak, though the company said it expects improvement in coming months. Shares were up just a touch in pre-market trading. And United Continental Holdings Inc (NYSE: UAL) — which recently flew through some turbulence on the public relations side— had a pretty smooth landing with its Q1 earnings, beating expectations on top and bottom lines. From an economic data standpoint, housing numbers this morning are really the key statistics of the week. Housing starts fell sharply in March, but permits for new homes climbed, the government said. Look at the Bright Side If recent market weakness has any silver lining, it may be that some signs point to oversold conditions, according to Sam Stovall of CFRA. Stovall notes that through April 13, only 30% of the 148 sub-industries in the S&P Composite 1500 were trading above their 10-week, or 50-day, moving averages. While this may be an indication of recent weakness, Stovall says, it may also be viewed as a source of near-term optimism, since it implies that the market may be oversold. Though past isn’t prologue, since the end of 1995, whenever the 1500 had 30% or fewer of its sub-industries trading above their 10-week average, the 1500 rose in price 1.5%, 2.7% and 3.5% in the subsequent 3, 6, and 9 weeks, Stovall says. Earnings Wednesday Put Consumers In Focus From here on, every day will bring a long list of key earnings reports, and tomorrow puts the focus on consumers with reports from eBay Inc (NASDAQ: EBAY) and American Express Company (NYSE: AXP). Keep in mind that AXP’s earnings disappointed Wall Street the previous quarter, and last month’s declining retail sales and consumer price index (CPI) readings also raise questions about how well credit card companies performed. EBAY’s stock has also been on the rise, so we’ll see if investors’ optimism was justified, at least on a quarterly basis. More consumer-related companies are on tap later this week, including Philip Morris International Inc. (NYSE: PM) before the open Thursday and Visa Inc (NYSE: V) after the close that same day. Flip a Coin Chances of a Fed rate hike by June are around 56%, according to Fed funds futures. That’s up a bit from late last week, when odds fell to around 40%, but still low compared to a few weeks ago, when hawkish signals from the Fed seemed to indicate very strong odds of a second hike in 2017. There was a flurry of Fed speakers in late March after the Fed’s last meeting, but that’s quieted down a bit. Still, tomorrow afternoon brings the Fed’s Beige Book release, which could provide some insight into what Fed officials see going on economically in their districts. Their observations might take on a little more importance than usual this time around, because they could shed some light on why recent economic data, especially on the retail side, hasn’t been stronger. Posted-In: JJ KinahanAnalyst Color Earnings Eurozone Treasuries Federal Reserve Markets Tech © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AXP + BAC) Street Not Impressed With Bank Of America Q1 Beat Bank Of America Inches Higher On Q1 Beat A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Mostly Lower Ahead Of Earnings 10 Stocks To Watch For April 18, 2017 Earnings Scheduled For April 18, 2017 Earnings: Another Financial Roundup With BAC, GS, and MS View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 IMNP, LLY: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GOOG, AMD: Nvidia-Google Blog Beef: Here's What You Need To Know 3 COUP, JMEI: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 4 DIS, AAPL: 5 Reasons Apple Won't Buy Disney 5 SPWR, CSIQ: Top Solar Analyst Likens Canadian... 6 CMG, HLF: Bill Ackman Is Killin... 7 AAPL, DIS: Jim Cramer: An A... 1 HOG: Harley-Davidson Q1 Profits Plunge; Takeover Talk Continues 2 AMZN, MSFT: JMP Calls Alteryx A Compelling Investment, Sees 23% Upside 3 ARNA, IDXG: Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Drops Over 100 Points; Arena P... 4 GS: Hard To Put A Shiny Spin On Goldman's Dull Q1 Results 5 BAC: Street Not Impressed With Bank Of America Q1 Beat 6 GOOGL, TWTR: Facebook Murder Video The Latest Failure... 7 JNJ: Johnson & Johnson Pummeled After M... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Tuesday
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Wednesday, April 19, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Babri Masjid and conspiracy charge against Advani, Joshi, Bharti: Here is how the case panned out in the past AIADMK merger LIVE: Meeting called by Dinakaran at 3 pm in party office cancelled Punjab CM Amarinder Singh orders crackdown on illegal sex determination centres SC revives criminal conspiracy charges against Advani, Joshi, Bharti in Babri Masjid case: Here's now netas reacted Lalu Prasad Yadav clan in Bihar is likely to face fate of Sasikala clan in Tamil Nadu Can Nitish Kumar follow Mahatma Gandhi's path in dealing with Lalu Prasad Yadav? Sports Champions League: Bayern Munich's controversial loss to Real Madrid calls for use of video technology IPL 2017: Chris Gayle reiterated his phenomenal batting ability in RCB's demolition of GL Champions League: Valiant Leicester City lacked the refinement to overcome robust Atletico Madrid AFC Cup: Bengaluru FC blank Abahani Dhaka 2-0 to continue unbeaten run IPL 2017: Chris Gayle says he is still alive after smashing 77 against Gujarat Lions Champions League: Atletico Madrid end Leicester City's fairytale run to enter semis India Babri Masjid-Ram Mandir case: Conspiracy charges against Advani, MM Joshi and Uma Bharti to apply SC revives criminal conspiracy charges against Advani, Joshi, Bharti in Babri Masjid case: Here's now netas reacted SBI Card starts charging Rs 100 on small payments up to Rs 2,000 via cheque Vijay Mallya arrest: Bail is a temporary win, but tycoon can’t flash the victim card anymore Babri Masjid demolition case: SC revives criminal conspiracy charge against Advani, Uma Bharti Babri Masjid demolition is an indictment of Indian polity; criminal conspiracy charge serves no purpose World Trump signs executive order on H1B visa review, says lottery system is all wrong China reaffirms claim over Arunachal Pradesh by announcing official names for 6 places US to review lifting of sanctions against Iran under the nuclear deal As Trump warned North Korea, his 'armada' was headed towards Australia | Reuters 'Dreamer' returned to Mexico despite Trump promise - USA Today | Reuters Gunman targeting white men kills three in Fresno, California | Reuters Business SBI Card starts charging Rs 100 on small payments up to Rs 2,000 via cheque Vijay Mallya arrest: Bail is a temporary win, but tycoon can’t flash the victim card anymore She's the Boss: Women are the smarter gender and more balanced, says Rubeena Singh NPA woes: Will RBI’s latest rescue act clean the mess at public sector banks? Vijay Mallya case: Legal experts say there is no easy win in battle to bring fugitive home Fuel pumps to remain shut on Sundays from 14 May to reduce consumption Life Prince Harry speaks out on depression: Will it help break the silence around mental health? Rasgulla wars: Wedding broken off in Uttar Pradesh over a fight about extra serving of rasgulla Entertainment Amy Schumer's next project: The comedian will write and star in the film 'I Feel Pretty' Tubelight first look: Salman Khan ups the curiousity in this grainy, dreamy poster Why Mahesh Babu's film SPYder with A R Murugadoss is set to be a blockbuster Sonu Nigam gives cheeky response to West Bengal maulvi on fatwa, will hold press conference Rajinikanth wishes Sachin Tendulkar best wishes for his film 'Sachin: A Billion Dreams' Tubelight teaser: Salman Khan's film is likely to flicker its way to an Eid release Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News Fwire News In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading | Reuters In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading | Reuters FwireReutersApr, 18 2017 22:01:11 IST #Reuters By Olivia Oran and Sruthi Shankar In a rare fumble for what is usually a market-savvy Wall Street bank, Goldman Sachs Group Inc missed earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in trading revenue even as its rivals reported major trading gains. Goldman, the fifth-largest U.S. bank by assets, blamed weakness in commodities, currencies, and credit revenue, as well as lower commissions and fees from equities trading. But the results came in sharp contrast to those from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp, which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. On a conference call with analysts, Goldman’s newly appointed finance chief, R. Martin Chavez, said that while markets improved during the quarter, a lack of volatility meant clients were trading less. During the period, the CBOE Volatility Index reached its lowest level since before financial crisis. Oil prices were also trading at years-low volatility levels.But the lack of volatility did not hurt competitors and management had a hard time clarifying what went wrong at Goldman Sachs. On the call, analysts were unusually tough, with all but one of six pressing Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz about trading results, especially in fixed income. Credit Suisse analyst Christian Bolu said Goldman investors were showing some "nervousness" about the strength of the business, and UBS's Brennan Hawken chastised the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been "kind of easy.""I'm not fully - I'm still confused," said Hawken, adding, "I have some company." Goldman's shares tumbled 4.2 percent to $216.80. Trading revenue, which is Goldman’s biggest contributor to total revenue, dropped 2 percent to $3.4 billion in the first quarter. Equities trading revenue fell 6 percent while fixed income trading was flat, though analysts were more disappointed in that business relative to their expectations.In the best of times, Goldman generated more than $6 billion in quarterly fixed-income trading revenue. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what U.S. banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades. Goldman's profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of $5.15 versus $2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of $5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman's profit rose 80 percent to $2.2 billion from $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about U.S. interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 percent to $8 billion from $6.3 billion. The bank's expenses rose just 15 percent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 percent in the first quarter, down from 42 percent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 percent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman's chief rival Morgan Stanley will report on Wednesday. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru and Olivia Oran in New York; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Meredith Mazzilli) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 18, 2017 10:01 pm | Updated Date: Apr 18, 2017 10:01 pm Also See Trump administration discussing military options on Syria: source | Reuters Roadside bomb kills 10 in Somalia's Lower Shabelle - military officer, residents | Reuters U.S.-educated Islamic State propagandist killed in Syria | Reuters UK could allow EU freedom of movement after Brexit, Boris Johnson says | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 19 SRH Vs DD 2 Apr 20 KXIP Vs MI 3 Apr 21 KKR Vs GL 4 Apr 22 RPS Vs SRH 5 Apr 22 MI Vs DD Full Schedule Top Stories AIADMK merger LIVE: Meeting called by Dinakaran at 3 pm in party office cancelled AIADMK Symbol Row LIVE: Cadres want Sasikala out of party, says OPS IPL 2017: Chris Gayle reiterated his phenomenal batting ability in RCB's demolition of GL Protests turn violent at Kashmir colleges, but principals display deft wisdom to defuse crisis How to maintain a high credit score? Vijay Mallya arrest: Bail is a temporary win, but tycoon can’t flash the victim card anymore Sonu Nigam gives cheeky response to West Bengal maulvi on fatwa, will hold press conference Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs BLR Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Gujarat Lions by 21 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PUN Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kings XI Punjab by 5 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Delhi Daredevils by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 27 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs GUJ Mumbai Indians beat Gujarat Lions by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs PUN Delhi Daredevils beat Kings XI Punjab by 51 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs HYD Kolkata Knight Riders beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 17 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs PNE Gujarat Lions beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 4 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs DEL - Apr 19th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs MUM - Apr 20th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs GUJ - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs HYD - Apr 22nd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs DEL - Apr 22nd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs PUN - Apr 23rd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs BLR - Apr 23rd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs PNE - Apr 24th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs HYD - Apr 25th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India IPL 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clovis Oncology Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Outperform Rating for Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Credit Suisse Group AG Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Acceleron Pharma’s (XLRN) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: CafePress Inc (PRSS) Major Shareholder Acquires $29,842.40 in Stock Insider Selling: Culp, Inc. (CFI) VP Sells $38,043.60 in Stock American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.58 Per Share ACI Worldwide Inc (ACIW) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Analysts Expect Actua Corp (ACTA) to Announce -$0.15 Earnings Per Share National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Shares Bought by Cwm LLC Nokia Oyj (NOK) Position Boosted by Cwm LLC Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Sells 135 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Sells 116 Shares of CDK Global Inc (CDK) Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Sells 684 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Vera Bradley (VRA) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.10 Verisign (VRSN) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.07 Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact VOXX International Corp (VOXX) Stock Price American Research & Management Co. Purchases 15,400 Shares of Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Reduces Position in Fiserv Inc (FISV) Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Shares Bought by Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Credit Suisse Group AG Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Clovis Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:CLVS)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a research note issued on Tuesday. They presently have a $74.00 price objective on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 28.96% from the stock’s current price. Several other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $77.00 price objective on Clovis Oncology and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Chardan Capital reissued a “sell” rating and issued a $36.00 price objective on shares of Clovis Oncology in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their price objective on Clovis Oncology from $44.00 to $75.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Clovis Oncology in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Morgan Stanley boosted their price objective on Clovis Oncology from $68.00 to $72.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $59.21. Shares of Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) traded down 2.77% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $55.79. The company had a trading volume of 440,306 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $62.37 and its 200-day moving average price is $48.48. The company’s market capitalization is $2.49 billion. Clovis Oncology has a 52 week low of $11.57 and a 52 week high of $74.94. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.83) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.65) by $0.18. The firm earned $0.08 million during the quarter. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted ($3.12) earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Clovis Oncology will post ($5.31) EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Credit Suisse Group AG Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/credit-suisse-group-ag-reaffirms-outperform-rating-for-clovis-oncology-inc-clvs.html. In other news, insider Gillian C. Ivers-Read sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $56.02, for a total transaction of $168,060.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 206,583 shares in the company, valued at approximately $11,572,779.66. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. 17.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board boosted its position in shares of Clovis Oncology by 32.4% in the third quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 43,300 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,561,000 after buying an additional 10,600 shares in the last quarter. Rhumbline Advisers boosted its position in shares of Clovis Oncology by 0.8% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 34,323 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,237,000 after buying an additional 276 shares in the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Clovis Oncology by 10.5% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 139,813 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $5,040,000 after buying an additional 13,320 shares in the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Clovis Oncology by 226.6% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 165,614 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $5,970,000 after buying an additional 114,900 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Clovis Oncology by 1.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 119,281 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $4,300,000 after buying an additional 1,831 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 88.48% of the company’s stock. Clovis Oncology Company Profile Clovis Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing anti-cancer agents in the United States, Europe and other international markets. The Company’s product candidates include Rociletinib, Rubraca (Rucaparib) and Lucitanib. Rucaparib is an oral, small molecule poly adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitor of PARP1, PARP2 and PARP3 approved as a monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious breast cancer (BRCA) (human genes associated with the repair of damaged deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)) mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer. Receive News & Ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Dow 30 20,523.28 -113.64 (-0.55%) Nasdaq 5,849.47 -7.32 (-0.12%) Goldman Sachs stock sinks to 4½-month low after rare earnings miss Evelyn Cheng CNBC April 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Goldman Sachs (GS) stock fell to its lowest level in nearly five months Tuesday after the premiere Wall Street firm reported first-quarter earnings that missed on the top and bottom lines. Here are some highlights of the earnings: EPS of $5.15 a share vs. $5.31 a share expected by Thomson Reuters analysts' consensus. Revenue of $8.026 billion vs. $8.446 billion expected by Thomson Reuters analysts' consensus. Net revenues from bond, currency and commodities trading was little changed from the same period last year at $1.69 billion. Equities trading revenue fell 6 percent year over year. Heading into Tuesday's report, Goldman had topped Wall Street's earnings estimates 90 percent of the time when reporting quarterly results over its history as a public company, according to Bespoke Investment Group. The last time Goldman reported a miss on earnings per share was the fourth quarter of 2015. Shares skidded 4.5 percent in the first hour of trading, falling to $216.02 at one point before regaining some lost ground. It was the lowest intraday price since it traded at 214.97 on Nov. 30. In anticipation of the earnings announcement Tuesday, the share price had gained more than 1 percent. "The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses and a more attractive backdrop for underwriting in our investment banking franchise," Chairman and CEO Lloyd C. Blankfein said in a release. Goldman said "significantly" lower net revenues from commodities and currencies offset "significantly" higher net revenues in mortgage products. Stock trading revenue was hit by declines in commissions and fees, reflecting lower volumes in the U.S. A jump in trading revenue boosted major bank earnings in the last few quarters and continued to help the earnings of Citigroup (NYSE:C) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) in the first quarter. Bank of America (BAC) also reported earnings Tuesday, beating or meeting Wall Street expectations on almost every single metric. Tweet "What we have is a contrast between Goldman being a broker-dealer that's kind of moved into being categorized as a bank, and Bank of America which is a traditional commercial bank which gets a lot more benefit from higher interest rates, especially on the short end of the curve," Marty Mosby, director of bank and equity strategies at Vining Sparks, said on CNBC's " Squawk Box ." Earlier this year, the U.S. 2-year Treasury yield hit fresh highs going back to the financial crisis, just ahead of the Federal Reserve's interest rate hike in March, the second in three months. Treasury yields have since fallen to lows not seen in at least a month as concerns about economic growth and supportive fiscal policy have increased. Goldman said its net interest income fell 42 percent year on year. Bank of America said its net interest income rose 5 percent from the same quarter last year. Goldman Sachs also announced the repurchase of an addition 50 million shares of common stock and raised its quarterly dividend to 75 cents from 65 cents per common share. The dividend will be paid on June 29 to common shareholders as of June 1. Extended-hours performance of Goldman shares Source: FactSet Goldman said the Standardized Common Equity Tier 1 ratio — a measure of financial strength watched by regulators— fell to 14.2 percent in the first quarter, down from 14.5 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016. For the first quarter of 2016 , the financial giant reported diluted earnings per share of $2.68 on revenue of $6.34 billion. The financial stocks have led the U.S. stock market rally since the presidential election, but have struggled more recently. Goldman shares hit an all-time high in the first quarter and are up more than 30 percent since the election but were lower by a little more than 5 percent for the year, as of Monday's close. — CNBC's Juan Aruego contributed to this report. Watch: BAC's big beat over GS More From CNBC Analyst on market reaction to bank earnings: We're in a stock-pickers market After-hours buzz: IBM, LRCX, RARE & more Trader Talk: Regional bank earnings are showing the bigger problem with banks Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Banned at sea: Venezuela's crude-stained oil tankers Reuters Why Bank of America (BAC) Stock Might be a Great Pick Zacks There's no 'sugar coating' Goldman's disappointing earnings, says Oppenheimer senior analyst CNBC.com What Stephen Bannon Was Like at Goldman Sachs The Street Everything you need to know about Android Pay Digital Trends Scientists have invented a dryer that can dry clothes in half the time without heat Business Insider Since 1990, market gains double when this happens — and it just did CNBC Under Armour made a fatal error that will take 'years' to fix Business Insider United Airlines CEO apologizes again for dragging man off a plane — but the company is facing another major problem Business Insider Yahoo Finance's David Marcus interview Yahoo Finance Video Facebook Exec: How Messenger can improve your social life Yahoo Finance Uber has lost 8 top execs in under 2 months Yahoo Finance Police tracked down the 'Facebook killer' after McDonald's employees held up his french fry order Business Insider We tried KFC 'superior' chicken sandwich to challenge McDonald's, Wendy's, and Burger King — here's the verdict Business Insider Boeing Is Laying Off Hundreds of Workers -- Here's Why -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, April 19 Yahoo Finance Video First Lady Melania Trump's Style Evolution Bloodhound: She is beautiful. Classy and very stylish. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 150
BREAKING NEWS: Syria evacuations resume after deadly bombing … Sterling gives back some gains made after May calls UK vote … SC to announce Panamagate verdict tomorrow … Justice will be ensured in Mashal Khan lynching case: SC … Yuan gains ground, outflow fears ease as dollar weakness drags on … China's Xi restructures military, consolidates control … Palm hits 8-mth low, set for 6th losing session on weaker rivals … Gayle first to hit 10,000 Twenty20 runs … Tokyo stocks under pressure after British snap election news … Nestl� Pakistan 1QCY17 … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Americas » FTSE in worst fall since Brexit aftermath after PM calls election Americas FTSE in worst fall since Brexit aftermath after PM calls election Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 18th, 2017 21:15 0 LONDON: British shares suffered their worst day's drop since the aftermath of last June's Brexit referendum, after Prime Minister Theresa May said she would call an early election. The FTSE 100 dropped 2.5 percent to its lowest in nearly 10 weeks as sterling inched higher, further weighing on the index's stocks, most of which earn in foreign currencies. The day's losses shrank year-to-date gains for the FTSE to just 0.2 percent, further denting an already weakening rally which had pushed it to record highs in recent months. The FTSE banking index hit its lowest level in more than four months, down 2.2 percent on the day. FTSE volatility rose to its highest since early December, though it stayed near historically low levels. Britain's May called for an early election on June 8, saying it was the only way to guarantee political stability for years ahead as Britain negotiates its way out of the European Union . "If we have a stronger government pushing for a 'hard' Brexit, markets won't like that. But on the positive side, you would have more stable government for the UK," said David Stubbs, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Financial markets have clearly rendered their judgment of [the Brexit process] through sterling," he said. "Loss of single-market access, if it happens, necessitated a cheaper currency, that's the calculation markets made." Traders said the election could eventually lead to a stronger sterling if May's majority was strengthened and policy became more predictable. Long-standing sterling bear Deutsche Bank called the election news a 'game-changer' for the currency, saying it would revise up its forecasts. This spelled uncertainty ahead for the blue-chip index, which had been helped to record highs by sterling's weakness. The snap election and a likely strengthening of the currency could be positive for mid-cap companies, however, which make more of their revenues in sterling, UK equities managers at Henderson said. Lower metals and crude-oil prices were already weighing on the commodities-heavy FTSE 100 before May's announcement. Mining companies Anglo American, Glencore, Antofagasta, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton dropped as Chinese iron ore futures fell to three-month lows, with oversupply worries weighing on steel prices. Oil major BP was also a top faller, down 3.5 percent as the price of crude fell after a US government report indicated rising production. The more domestically focused mid caps and small caps outperformed the blue chips, falling 1.1 and 0.5 percent respectively but holding near record highs reached in the last trading session. "People have been pleasantly surprised by how sanguine companies' management teams have been," said Ian Williams, economist and strategy analyst at Peel Hunt. "In the last six weeks, the mood of companies presenting has been much more optimistic, and people are asking whether some of the risk has been priced in already." The top mid-cap fallers were all commodity-linked stocks, led by iron ore pellet producer Ferrexpo, down 11.5 percent, and miner Vedanta Resources, down 8 percent. Emerging markets-focused fund manager Ashmore fell 5 percent, despite earlier posting net inflows for the first time in nearly three years. Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Bank of America's wealth revenue rises on assets under management, fees Next Oil dips, hits 11-day low as US shale output seen surging Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Top
Bank of America profits jump, helped by interest rates - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Bank of America profits jump, helped by interest rates 2017-04-18T17:54:48Z2017-04-18T17:54:48Z (AP Photo/Chuck Burton). In this Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo, a man uses a Bank of America ATM near the company's headquarters in Charlotte, N.C. Bank of America Corporation reports earnings Tuesday, April 18, 2017. By KEN SWEET AP Business Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Bank of America's first quarter profits grew nearly 40 percent, the bank said Tuesday, helped by higher interest rates as well as a strong performance in its investment banking division. The Charlotte, North Carolina-based consumer banking giant reported net income of $4.86 billion, compared with $3.47 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Bank of America earned 41 cents per share, beating the 35 cents that analysts were looking for. "The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that," BofA's CEO Brian Moynihan said in a prepared statement. Like its major competitors, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo, Bank of America benefited from higher interest rates. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates once in December and again in March, which has allowed the big retail banks to charge more for their loans. The bank said it had net interest income of $11.06 billion, compared with $10.49 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank expects that if interest rates continue to move higher, Bank of America could see its net interest income grow by $3.3 billion over the next 12 months. Bank of America's investment and trading divisions, which includes Merrill Lynch, also had a strong quarter, in line with the bank's competitors. Global investment banking had net income of $1.73 billion compared with $1.09 billion in the same period a year earlier. Bank of America's desks did much better than Goldman Sachs, who also reported its results on Tuesday which missed analysts' expectations. Revenue from trading rose to $3.9 billion from $3.4 billion. Overall, Bank of America had revenue of $22.49 billion compared with $20.79 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank was able to keep its expenses flat as well, at $14.84 billion, which helped bolster the bank's bottom line. Bank of America's stock fell 31 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $22.47 in midday trading. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> White House cancels meeting to decide stance on climate pact White House cancels meeting to decide stance on climate pact Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:06 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:06:14 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:06 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:06:14 GMT Trump's top advisers are currently divided on the issue of whether or not the U.S. should remain part of the Paris Climate accord, with some, including Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt, eager for the U.S. to leave the deal. More >> Trump's top advisers are currently divided on the issue of whether or not the U.S. should remain part of the Paris Climate accord, with some, including Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt, eager for the U.S. to leave the deal.More >> High-profile Georgia congressional race heads to a runoff High-profile Georgia congressional race heads to a runoff Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:06 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:06:12 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:06 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:06:12 GMT A congressional election Tuesday in Georgia is the latest proxy between President Donald Trump and the opposition movement that loathes him. More >> A congressional election Tuesday in Georgia is the latest proxy between President Donald Trump and the opposition movement that loathes him.More >> The Latest: Georgia congressional race heads to runoff The Latest: Georgia congressional race heads to runoff Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:05:54 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:05:54 GMT Democrat Jon Ossoff has dropped below the majority vote he needs to avoid a runoff in Georgia's nationally watched special congressional election.More >> Democrat Jon Ossoff has dropped below the majority vote he needs to avoid a runoff in Georgia's nationally watched special congressional election.More >> Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:05:01 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:05:01 GMT Police say a man shot and killed three people on the streets of downtown Fresno on Tuesday, shouting "God is great" in Arabic during at least one of the slayings and later telling police that he hates white people. More >> Police say a man shot and killed three people on the streets of downtown Fresno on Tuesday, shouting "God is great" in Arabic during at least one of the slayings and later telling police that he hates white people.More >> McDonald's order trips up Facebook slaying suspect McDonald's order trips up Facebook slaying suspect Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:04:37 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:04:37 GMT Facebook slaying suspect Steve Stephens was undone by a 20-piece Chicken McNuggets and an order of fries.More >> Facebook slaying suspect Steve Stephens was undone by a 20-piece Chicken McNuggets and an order of fries.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
ddfzwfyxucvszes Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 2? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 2? Email for new password What is 0 + 2? Home » FA Online » FA News » BlackRock ETF Is New Leader For Emerging-Market Debt Investors April 19, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share BlackRock ETF Is New Leader For Emerging-Market Debt Investors April 18, 2017 • Natasha Doff Loading Other Articles... What’s the latest frontier to be conquered by low-cost exchange-traded funds? Emerging-market debt. Despite a surge in appetite for high-yielding debt, mutual funds that charge more than double the fees of relatively cheap ETFs have struggled to keep up. Last year, BlackRock Inc.’s iShares JPMorgan USD Emerging Market Bond ETF, symbol EMB, became the world’s biggest developing-nation debt fund. It’s nearly doubled its assets to more than $10 billion over the past 12 months. In that time, the gap between the ETF and the largest actively managed fund in the category, the far more expensive Pictet-Global Emerging Debt fund, has become wider than ever. The Pictet fund is a Societe D’investissement A Capital Variable, or SICAV, an open-ended investment vehicle that’s popular in Western Europe and similar to a mutual fund. BlackRock’s success bucks the long-held premise that investing in developing markets requires active managers responding to sudden shifts in political risk and uncovering mispriced assets. BlackRock charges 40 basis points for its ETF, compared with 143 basis points for Pictet’s active fund. The fact is emerging market ETFs have been able to trump their active peers on both cost and performance. BlackRock’s emerging markets bond ETF has beaten its active peers by 74 basis points on average over the past five years, according to data provider Morningstar Inc. “It is generally thought that investing in a less efficient market would present more opportunities for active managers, but that hasn’t been the case,” said Phillip Yoo, an ETF analyst at Morningstar in Chicago. “People are just gradually becoming more aware of the benefits of the ETF.” For more on emerging-market debt ETFs, read this Bloomberg Intelligence Primer BlackRock’s fee for EMB is the second-lowest fee among all emerging-market debt funds, according to Morningstar. The average fee for U.S. mutual funds that track emerging markets is about 90 basis points, or more than twice what BlackRock charges, according to data from the Investment Company Institute and Lipper. Liquidity And Volatility It’s common for an ETF to continue to take market share once it’s become the biggest fund in an industry or sector because institutional investors prefer the liquidity, according to Karen Schenone, a fixed-income strategist at iShares. BlackRock shoots for annual growth of about 40 percent for it’s U.S. fixed-income products, including EMB, she said. Active investors maintain that having an ETF emerge as the dominant player in emerging-market debt could increase volatility in the market because the index-tracking funds tend to appeal to short-term investors who will pull out their money when risk sentiment sours, according to Manik Narain, an emerging-markets strategist at UBS Group AG in London. First « 1 2 » Next To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you think Brexit will ultimately make Britain stronger? Yes No View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
ddfzwfyxucvszes Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 0? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 0? Email for new password What is 0 + 0? Home » FA Online » FA News » BofA Profit Jumps 40% As Fixed-Income Trading Tops Estimates April 19, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share BofA Profit Jumps 40% As Fixed-Income Trading Tops Estimates April 18, 2017 • Laura J. Keller Loading Other Articles... Bank of America Corp. posted a 40 percent surge in first-quarter profit, fueled by stronger trading revenue, and added employees for the first time in more than five years as Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan expressed optimism about the U.S. economy. Fixed-income trading revenue rose 29 percent to $2.93 billion, the second-biggest U.S. bank said Tuesday in a statement, beating analysts’ $2.6 billion average estimate. Equity trading revenue also was better than expected, climbing 7.4 percent to $1.1 billion. “The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that,” Moynihan said in the statement. Bank of America added 549 employees in the quarter, the first increase since the third quarter of 2011. Last week, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. also reported robust first-quarter revenue from bond trading. JPMorgan, the largest U.S. bank by assets, posted a 17 percent gain in fixed-income trading revenue, while Citigroup generated the most revenue from that business in three years. That contrasts with Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which on Tuesday posted worse-than-expected fixed-income results. Bank stocks have climbed since November’s U.S. election in part on expectations that Federal Reserve rate increases would boost profits. Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America, which is among the most sensitive to interest-rate changes, has led the surge among the country’s biggest lenders, gaining 38 percent through Monday. Net interest income climbed 5.5 percent to $11.1 billion from a year earlier, exceeding the firm’s forecast. Net interest margin -- the difference between what a bank charges for loans and pays depositors -- rose 16 basis points to 2.39 percentage points from the previous quarter, the biggest jump among large U.S. banks. The firm expects a $150 million increase in interest income in the second quarter from the previous three-month period, Chief Financial Officer Paul Donofrio said on a call with analysts. Bank of America shares slid 0.6 percent to $22.68 at 10:14 a.m. in New York as global equity markets fell. Total profit jumped to $4.86 billion, or 41 cents a share, from $3.47 billion, or 28 cents, a year earlier, according to the statement. That beat the 35-cent average estimate of 27 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Revenue increased 7 percent to $22.2 billion, also more than estimated. Expenses rose less than 1 percent to $14.8 billion, higher than expected, while the firm’s efficiency ratio weakened about 1 percentage point to 66.15 percent. The bank reiterated its target of $53 billion in total annual expenses by the end of 2018. “We grew the top line, and we grew the bottom line, and we did it the right way,” Moynihan said on the call. “All of that will bode well for future growth.” Profit from the global markets division, which houses the bank’s trading units, climbed 33 percent to $1.3 billion. Investment-banking revenue rose 37 percent to $1.58 billion, compared with analysts’ $1.41 billion estimate. Donofrio said trading in corporate credit, special situations and mortgages fueled much of the bank’s fixed-income performance. Equities benefited from the firm’s investments in electronic trading, with strength in Europe and Asia, particularly in derivatives, he said. Cash equities declined. Revenue from helping companies issue new debt -- spurred by expectations of more interest-rate hikes -- propelled a 38 percent rise in debt underwriting to $926 million, beating analysts’ $870 million estimate, according to the statement. Equity underwriting revenue was $312 million. Mortgage banking fees plunged 72 percent to $122 million, the biggest decline among large U.S. banks. Fees at JPMorgan sank 39 percent, while Wells Fargo & Co., the largest U.S. mortgage lender, reported a 23 percent drop. Profit in the consumer-banking division climbed 7.4 percent to $1.89 billion, as revenue increased 5.4 percent to $8.28 billion. The firm closed 20 branches during the quarter, bringing the total to 4,559. Global wealth and investment-management earnings rose 3.9 percent to $770 million as client balances in the Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust units rose to $2.59 billion. Net income beat UBS Group AG’s analyst Brennan Hawken’s estimate of $706 million. To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you think Brexit will ultimately make Britain stronger? Yes No View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad FTSE in worst fall since Brexit aftermath after PM calls election By Reuters Published: 11:54 EDT, 18 April 2017 | Updated: 11:54 EDT, 18 April 2017 e-mail By Helen Reid LONDON, April 18 (Reuters) - British shares suffered their worst day's drop since the aftermath of last June's Brexit referendum, after Prime Minister Theresa May said she would call an early election. The FTSE 100 dropped 2.5 percent to its lowest in nearly 10 weeks as sterling inched higher, further weighing on the index's stocks, most of which earn in foreign currencies. The day's losses shrank year-to-date gains for the FTSE to just 0.2 percent, further denting an already weakening rally which had pushed it to record highs in recent months. The FTSE banking index hit its lowest level in more than four months, down 2.2 percent on the day. FTSE volatility rose to its highest since early December, though it stayed near historically low levels. Britain's May called for an early election on June 8, saying it was the only way to guarantee political stability for years ahead as Britain negotiates its way out of the European Union . "If we have a stronger government pushing for a 'hard' Brexit, markets won't like that. But on the positive side, you would have more stable government for the UK," said David Stubbs, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Financial markets have clearly rendered their judgment of [the Brexit process] through sterling," he said. "Loss of single-market access, if it happens, necessitated a cheaper currency, that's the calculation markets made." Traders said the election could eventually lead to a stronger sterling if May's majority was strengthened and policy became more predictable. Long-standing sterling bear Deutsche Bank called the election news a 'game-changer' for the currency, saying it would revise up its forecasts. This spelled uncertainty ahead for the blue-chip index, which had been helped to record highs by sterling's weakness. The snap election and a likely strengthening of the currency could be positive for mid-cap companies, however, which make more of their revenues in sterling, UK equities managers at Henderson said. Lower metals and crude-oil prices were already weighing on the commodities-heavy FTSE 100 before May's announcement. Mining companies Anglo American, Glencore, Antofagasta, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton dropped as Chinese iron ore futures fell to three-month lows, with oversupply worries weighing on steel prices. Oil major BP was also a top faller, down 3.5 percent as the price of crude fell after a U.S. government report indicated rising production. The more domestically focused mid caps and small caps outperformed the blue chips, falling 1.1 and 0.5 percent respectively but holding near record highs reached in the last trading session. "People have been pleasantly surprised by how sanguine companies' management teams have been," said Ian Williams, economist and strategy analyst at Peel Hunt. "In the last six weeks, the mood of companies presenting has been much more optimistic, and people are asking whether some of the risk has been priced in already." The top mid-cap fallers were all commodity-linked stocks, led by iron ore pellet producer Ferrexpo, down 11.5 percent, and miner Vedanta Resources, down 8 percent. Emerging markets-focused fund manager Ashmore fell 5 percent, despite earlier posting net inflows for the first time in nearly three years. (Reporting by Helen Reid; Editing by Andrew Roche) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS TOWIE star Ferne McCann urges boyfriend Arthur Collins to turn himself in 'immediately' over nightclub acid attack  Shock revelations  EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Bumping along! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley goes braless for 30th birthday at Soho House with 49-year-old fiancé Jason Statham 'I'm surrounded by people I like to be with': Victoria Beckham reveals she 'doesn't have a lot friends' due to her busy career... but never feels lonely Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL' Yes, you can wear black and white and flat shoes to a wedding! How to be the best dressed guest this season  SPONSORED 'It's totally ridiculous': Peter Andre 'furious with ex-wife Katie Price after she claimed Princess, 9, and Junior, 11, love that they divorced' Someone eats their Leftovers! Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in vest after getting pumped at gym Pump it up!  I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills Back from Coachella 'We are worried about Rob': Kardashian sisters watch their brother's back while Blac Chyna threatens split in KUWTK sneak peek Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born Things got steamy Kris Jenner's fake home used in Keeping Up With The Kardashians hits the market for $9 million  The 61-year-old momager is not moving house  'All the problems were down to drink and drugs': Stephanie Davis shares snap with son Caben... amid claims she 'wants to wed Jeremy McConnell' 'That was out of the Blue!?' Lee Ryan wins praise for EastEnders debut as 'Woody' Woodward... yet some viewers are baffled by 'random' introduction A piercing look! Bella Thorne shows off her nipple bar in see-through lingerie top in sizzling social media The racy actress shared an eyeful Frilly in florals! Rose Byrne strikes an elegant pose on the red carpet for premiere of Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks Among the cavalcade of stars Creaming it! Catherine Zeta-Jones dons creme three-piece with lacy low-cut top for Feud event in New York City The cream of the crop  Daddy's little girl! Chris Hemsworth makes hearts melt as he lavishes attention on sweet daughter India Rose during a day at the playground SPOILER ALERT: 'The littlest thing would spark an argument': Nathan Massey reappears on TOWIE as he confirms it's 'over' with Cara De La Hoyde    Megan McKenna tries to make amends with Pete Wicks with an emotional phone call on TOWIE... following THAT explosive row in the street Mel B sports heart-shaped pink specs as she removes laptop and heaps of files from lawyer's office in midst of messy Stephen Belafonte divorce Birthday babe! Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap 'After the last guy... deffo girls!' Bisexual Marnie Simpson reveals doomed romance with love rat ex Lewis Bloor has swayed her towards dating women  'Shopping in my daughter's closet!' Yolanda Hadid twins with Gigi as she borrows her color block Versace jacket for day out In her modeling footsteps Golden girl! Rosario Dawson shows off her toned legs in split gown at Unforgettable premiere She plays new trophy wife Unforgettable Showstopper! Katherine Heigl looks sensational in figure-hugging dress at Unforgettable premiere in Hollywood White goddess 'Birthday suit!': Kourtney Kardashian shares naked pool picture to celebrate turning 38 Embraced body confidence SPOILER ALERT: Emmerdale viewers set for a shock as Rhona Goskirk is raped by new husband Pierce Harris on their wedding night Chilling  Attack of the klones! Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian look identical (thanks to the cosmetic surgeon) in new topless teaser for make-up collaboration 'Bump coming along!' Missé Beqiri sparks pregnancy speculation in snap with beau Jake Hall... as followers note her 'massive boobs' Reality worlds collide She sheer is confident! Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill flashes her knickers in see-through black leggings She certainly knows how to model underwear 'How am I supposed to hate him!': Fans can't help but swoon over actor Chris Mason... despite playing horrific rapist Leo Humphries in hit drama Broadchurch Lacy lady! Rebel Wilson wears a one-piece swimsuit and lace kaftan as she enjoys Palm Springs poolside after catch up with Hugh Sheridan 'I love how close we were': Kim Kardashian shares throwback video to mark Kourtney's 38th birthday The 36-year-old star shared a flashback  Crystal Palace chair Steve Parish to join Dragon's Den alongside Jenny Campbell... after Sarah Willingham quit due to husband's cancer scare  Born to smile! Makeup free Delta Goodrem shows off her toned pins in a pair of tight leggings following sweaty workout Peace and love 'Let them roam free': Braless Sam Faiers drives her fans wild as she flaunts her ample assets in extreme plunging caged jumpsuit and perspex heels  She should have brought the palm leaves: Braless Sinitta makes a boob in see-through top to judge £3k talent show in London bar 'You made my day!': Faith Hill surprises adorable young fan who sings a duet with the country superstar Took time out of her busy tour schedule  'I'll always keep trying': Proud Vicky Pattison shares incredible transformation photo on Instagram... after a lengthy battle with her fitness and weight Keira Knightley returns to Pirates Of The Caribbean after ten years as she makes fleeting appearance in exciting new trailer for the fifth installment She's a natural! Youthful Elsa Pataky, 40, steps out in a sexy backless floral frock as ambassador for L'Oréal's Botanical hair care range 'Summer needs to hurry up!': Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shares throwback snap of herself flaunting her fabulous figure in strapless bikini   Surf's up! Camille Grammer, 48, parades her knock-out body on the beach while on vacation in Hawaii Ex-wife of Frasier star Kelsey  It's in the jeans! Model Jessica Gomes cuts a casual figure in double denim as she steps out in Los Angeles Recently launched her beauty range That's a Cole lot of leg! Lily shows off her pins in shirt as she gets cosy with Inbetweenera' Simon Bird for The Philanthropist play Diana and Sir Elton WEREN'T close, claims Wayne Sleep: Ballet star says Candle In The Wind singer didn't know the Princess that well Harper, 5, and Romeo Beckham, 14, surprise their 'happy' mum Victoria with a birthday cake and a singalong at her SoulCycle exercise class in LA SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's grooming story takes another dark turn as Bethany is raped by Nathan's friend... and Lucy Fallon admits her dad can't watch 'I drew a line in the sand': Jessica Chastain says she demands to know salaries of her male costars before agreeing to a role 'Hills' baby boom!' Whitney Port talks 'difficult' pregnancy as she praises fellow MTV castmates as 'responsible adults' Baby, it's cold outside! Reese Witherspoon wraps up in a big black coat as she steps out in NYC Celebrated Easter in Los Angeles Summer babe! Home And Away star Pia Miller shows off flawless bikini body poolside as she soaks up the sun in LA 'Perfect!' Rande Gerber shares swimwear snap of wife Cindy Crawford as they mark the end of Coachella music festival The 51-year-old sunned her famous physique  'How did Hannah give birth to a black baby?' Girls under fire over casting of Lena Dunham's child in finale episode EXCLUSIVE: Back to work! Meghan Markle heads to the Suits set after a blissful Easter weekend holed up in her Toronto pad with Prince Harry Shades of grey! Salma Hayek is a smart traveler in casual chic outfit and chunky boots as she departs LAX Glamorous in grey  'People have been asking if we swing...' Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, displays her incredible physique in the Maldives with Robin Thicke, 40 'She looked really sad': Kylie Jenner and ex Tyga have 'awkward run-in' at Coachella just weeks after latest break-up Tough times Curvy model Jordyn Woods calls for the end of the 'plus-size' label as she admits she is 'nervous' about being in best friend Kylie Jenner's reality show  'She was asked to audition': Britain's Got Talent star Sarah Ikumu 'scouted to appear on the show'... after being sent straight to semi-finals by the gold buzzer How you can get Blake Lively's figure: Try the star's simple 3-step workout that targets all your major muscles in one session  Enviable physique Director's cut! Giggling Tom Cruise looks relieved as he lands in Paris by helicopter and leaves set after filming daring M:I6 - Mission Impossible scenes James Packer's Hollywood adventure is over: Billionaire sells stake in RatPac venture despite hits The Revenant, Gravity and Birdman Elsa Pataky reveals her husband Chris Hemsworth STILL hasn't learned to speak Spanish after SIX years together - despite promising her he'd learn it in TWO MONTHS 'Here's lookin' at you, Jen!' Reese Witherspoon pens sweet tribute to pal Garner for her 45th birthday 'It's the last thing she needs while heavily pregnant': Jennifer Metcalfe becomes the next target of hackers as 'nude photos of her are leaked online' Amber Turner sizzles in thigh-skimming red playsuit for TOWIE filming... after 'breaking down in tears' over backlash from Dan Edgar split 'It can be right, and it's still wrong': Harry Styles FINALLY breaks silence on romance with Taylor Swift and hints his debut solo album has songs about Kendall Jenner Beauty beyond years! Calvin Klein celebrates women of ALL ages in new campaign featuring models young and old, from Lauren Hutton, 73, to Uma Thurman's 18-year-old daughter Maya  Queen Letizia, 44, looks younger than ever as she takes to the stage in a VERY trendy outfit at literature awards in Madrid The 44-year-old looked younger than ever  New dad Benedict Cumberbatch enjoys a country walk in the Cotswolds... after becoming a father for the second time Heading out for a stroll 'She was salty!': Courtney Love claims Hollywood legend Elizabeth Taylor used an expletive to greet her when they met at a Hollywood party 'A great missed opportunity': Mark Hamill wishes Luke, Leia and Han could have shared one final scene together in The Force Awakens 'It's obviously his name': Disney assures Star Wars fans Han Solo IS his real name... despite confusingly hinting otherwise Kevin Spacey will host Broadway's Tony Awards for first time... as actor jokes Neil Patrick Harris, Hugh Jackman were 'unavailable' 'They look so weird': Katie Price sends her fans wild over her heavily painted BROWS as she shares throwback snap of herself with baby Jett Bathing beauty Kate Upton flaunts her famous hourglass figure in skimpy halterneck bikini on romantic break with fiancé Justin Verlander Lucky she didn't cause a car accident! Olivia Culpo stuns in flannel dress and fishnet stockings as she struts down Hollywood Boulevard 'I love you so much mumma, forever': Bindi Irwin shares touching tribute to her mum Terri ahead of Mother's Day Laura Whitmore cannot be missed in bold fashion-forward dress as she takes her play Not Dead Yet to Dublin 'I get that from my dad': Kendall Jenner reveals she's not as 'girly' as her famous sisters while looking a dream in tangerine for Harper's Bazaar Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez 'stay in gated luxury villa community where her ex Marc Anthony lives in the Dominican Republic' Is that your downward dog, Ella? Health food guru posts picture of herself performing yoga The 25-year-old posted the picture of herself doing a yoga handstand   Traveling in style! Jessica Simpson rolls $3,350 Gucci luggage and pricey Birkin bag as she leaves kids at home to jet out of LA with husband Eric Damsel in denim: Kate Bosworth looks chic in baggy jeans as she arrives at LAX airport to a crowd of fans She unveiled her sunglass collection  Good things come in threes! Rose Byrne does frock treble... and defends her 'white savior' role in DNA drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz heads back to £5m mansion... despite speculation he is set to be evicted from singer's home 'You can save so many children!': Blake Lively talks cracking down on child pornography as she covers Variety's Power Of Women NY issue Tummy trouble! Sheryl Crow flashes belly button by accident as her shirt comes open in NYC... as news breaks her 'ex' Kid Rock is engaged 'If you need me I'll be here': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid puts bump on display in tiny bikini Bumping along nicely  The new Smalls! The Sandlot child star Patrick Renna and wife welcome their first son into the world The 38-year-old proudly announced news on Monday  Fashion parade in Chelsea! Lottie Moss rocks near-identical ensemble to MIC's Frankie Gaff as they go low-key with frayed jeans and statement jackets Amber Heard's father reveals she would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk who is worth $11.2bn - but a source claims the pair have no plans to tie the knot From winter to spring in one day! Anne Hathaway models black leather before switching into sheer purple to promote new film in NYC Boho chic! Naomi Watts, 48, looks radiant and youthful as she steps out in retro style outfit in New York She's the Australian actress who is known for her effortless style. Finding her inner hippie! Jennifer Love Hewitt wears Woodstock 1969 shirt with ripped jeans as she takes daughter Autumn shopping Doting mother Emily Blunt cradles baby daughter Violet as she touches down in London for low-key Easter getaway Rare public appearance 'Paradise': Love Island beauty Kady McDermott displays her toned derriere in a bikini as she enjoys romantic getaway with boyfriend Scott Thomas Sienna Miller reveals she and ex Tom Sturridge are still 'best friends' and do bedtime with daughter Marlowe 'every day' 'Togetherness is ideal' Getting on her Wick(s)! Megan McKenna appears riled as she chats on the phone during TOWIE filming... as saga with ex Pete rages on 'Channeling my inner Kylie!' Mollie King dazzles in gold halterneck bikini as she soaks up the sun at Coachella Soaking up the sunshine James Corden rips Star Wars and Girls in rap battle with actor Riz Ahmed... who fires back by branding Carpool Karaoke king a 'singing Uber driver' Crossing the pond? Lana Del Rey tells Courtney Love she would like to live in London as she covers Dazed magazine Why I'm shunned by Hollywood: Richard Gere says the studios won't hire him because his Tibetan activism will upset China La La Anthony removes wedding bling as she steps out for first time since split from Carmelo... amid claims he 'got another woman pregnant' Leg it! TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou looks sexy in a daringly short black mini skirt and perspex heels as she films scenes with Tommy Mallet Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn slips into a skimpy scarlet bikini as she soaks up the sun poolside in Marbella Ensured all eyes were on her once again Billie Lourd shows off legs in mini skirt while hand-in-hand with beau Taylor Lautner on loved up stroll with her dog The happy couple  Lovely in leather! Anne Hathaway highlights toned legs in chic tights with off-the-shoulder sweater as she takes meetings in NYC Katy Perry claims she 'wasn't allowed' to interact with gay people during strict evangelical upbringing and admits there was 'generational racism' while growing up Olivia Buckland reveals she and Alex Bowen have set a date for the first Love Island wedding... and show host Caroline Flack is on the guest list Ready to get wet! Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk poses in a bikini by a pool... after admitting she's hooked on Keeping Up With The Kardashians Now Sofia Vergara's ex-fiancé Nick Loeb accuses her of violating his First Amendment rights in latest twist of legal saga over frozen embryos they made  'Sun's out!' Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope displays her shapely bottom as she hits the outdoor pool in vibrant red swimsuit during stay at health spa Jeremy McConnell and Stephanie Davis 'set for RETURN' to Celebrity Big Brother this summer alongside Rhian Sugden, Charlotte Crosby and Bear Chantelle Connelly puts on raunchy display in gold lamé bodysuit... as she shows off her ample assets in a cheeky Instagram video Tongues wagging  'It looks like Halloween came early!' Pink-haired Pixie Lott is left with mascara running down her face as she gets doused with water while playing radio game 'I almost killed him!': Anne Hathaway says she nearly flew off old-school slide with young son when hitting a NYC park Sliding away  What a catch! Bella Thorne models fishnet top and stockings with very short skirt and kinky boots as she plugs Famous In Love in NYC Wrapping it up! Lucy Hale and Ashley Benson head to GMA in NYC as they promote Pretty Little Liars before big series finale EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she spends every dollar on chemotherapy!'  Minnie Driver's bitter  neighbor loses legal battle and finally knocks down wall dividing their Hollywood homes  Janet Jackson's pal Gil Duldulao says she's 'not a gold digger seeking a $500M divorce settlement' Open and honest  Aloha! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shows off her bikini body as she hits the beach in Hawaii Renovation expert jetted to the island destination Katie Couric's face DROPS as she is asked to weigh in on Megyn Kelly and Tamron Hall shake-up at 'Today' Katie Couric was all smiles on Monday night  Leigh-Anne Pinnock reunites with footballer beau Andre Gray as she arrives back in the UK... after pining for her man on Little Mix tour Has been missing him Kym Marsh is stylish in stripes as she and daughter Polly, 6, head out for a family dinner date in Manchester  Upstaged by her cute daughter  'You're an inspiration!': Kris Jenner pens birthday message to daughter Kourtney Kardashian on 38th birthday while sharing rare baby photos Ready for The Bachelorette! Teen Mom vet Farrah Abraham reveals she wants to go on dating show... after confirming split from Simon Saran Busty Ola Jordan flaunts her VERY ample assets in sizzling selfie as she continues to enjoy romantic break in the Maldives with her husband James The (Esse)X Factor? Gemma Collins shows off her powerful singing skills as she croons along to Britain's Got Talent hopeful Sarah Ikumu 'It was all posturing bulls***': Mel Gibson threw an ashtray THROUGH a wall during Braveheart budget meetings with studio Stephen Fry admits 'it's my fault' as tweeting luvvies line up to joke and comment on snap general election  Candid confession  Games Of Thrones star Lena Headey opens up about her struggle with depression, while urging her fans to forget societal 'bull***t' and embrace 'human realness' She turned a street into her catwalk! Joanna Krupa looks stunning as she models green jacket and skinny jeans while strolling in LA Model strut Liv Tyler adds an edgy touch to her flowing black dress with a leather biker jacket as she steps out for fashion store opening in Tokyo 'When you let the girls run free!' Size 22 model Tess Holliday puts her curves on full display in a VERY sheer bra after meeting her idol Dita Von Teese in Las Vegas Big night? 5 Seconds Of Summer rocker Luke Hemmings looks weary as he leaves Hollywood hot-spot with Ashton Irwin Lads on the town Leaving Los Angeles! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in fitted crop-top after long weekend at Coachella... as she prepares for return to London Thirsty work! Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum showcases her toned bikini body as she sips cocktails and frolics in the sea on her lengthy Ibiza holiday He's engaged! Kid Rock proposes to longtime girlfriend Audrey Berry with large diamond ring... 10 years after divorcing Pamela Anderson Too much coffee? Cackling Vicky Pattison verges on hysterical as she excitedly arrives at the ITV studios in formal work attire TV pro turned giddy 'I lost four toenails and was covered in cuts and bruises!' Heavily pregnant Amy Childs suffers dangerous fall as she prepares to give birth 'any day'  The prince of darkness is back! Shock rocker Alice Cooper returns for Australian tour 40 years after his first trip Down Under Leggy Lily Collins turns heads in a semi-sheer thigh-split gown as she steps out in London after receiving 'epic' message from Michelle Obama Jennifer Garner is in very high spirits as she enjoys birthday lunch with a pal... after claims Ben Affleck has 'moved out of the family home and is dating someone' 'Taking selfies left, right and centre': Love Island star Malin Andersson spends £7k on cosmetic surgery so she can look good on Instagram Amber Heard, 30, would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk and is planning 'to settle down and have a family' with the Tesla owner  Who won the battle of the royal palace versus the pop princess pad? How Lady Gaga's sleek Malibu compound made William's Kensington study look stuffy Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
BREAKING NEWS: Syria evacuations resume after deadly bombing … Sterling gives back some gains made after May calls UK vote … SC to announce Panamagate verdict tomorrow … Justice will be ensured in Mashal Khan lynching case: SC … Yuan gains ground, outflow fears ease as dollar weakness drags on … China's Xi restructures military, consolidates control … Palm hits 8-mth low, set for 6th losing session on weaker rivals … Gayle first to hit 10,000 Twenty20 runs … Tokyo stocks under pressure after British snap election news … Nestl� Pakistan 1QCY17 … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Markets » FXMM » Europe » Turkish lira, bonds firm after Erdogan victory Europe Turkish lira, bonds firm after Erdogan victory Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 18th, 2017 20:29 0 LONDON: The Turkish lira firmed and sovereign dollar bond prices rose on Tuesday after President Tayyip Erdogan's victory in a referendum that handed him sweeping powers, while emerging equities fell as geopolitical tensions dampened risk appetite. The lira strengthened 0.2 percent but was still off a two-week high hit on Monday after a narrow victory for Erdogan in Turkey's referendum on constitutional reform. Erdogan has argued that a concentration of power is needed to prevent instability, but opposition parties challenged the result. European monitors said the referendum did not meet international standard. Turkish dollar bond prices rose across the curve to five-month highs and five-year credit default swaps traded at a two-week low of 233 basis points (bps), according to IHS Markit data. The average yield spread paid by Turkish sovereign bonds over US Treasuries on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified narrowed by 3 bps to 305 bps, an 11-day low. Greg Saichin, chief investment officer for emerging markets fixed income at Allianz Global Investors, said the tight result was a surprise. "The markets are taking this initial result as positive in so far as the buck now stops with one person and in theory political noise should come down," he said, adding that the next battleground will be the planned 2019 election. "Should the economic outlook deteriorate, or the system move towards a more autocratic style that does not sit well with voters, chances are that the next election will be again about a referendum on Erdogan's new powers," he said. Turkish economic weakness was exposed in data released on Monday showing a rise in the budget deficit and unemployment at a seven-year peak. Away from Turkey, emerging market assets sold off, with MSCI's emerging equities index down 0.3 percent as tensions with North Korea kept investors away from riskier assets. Amongst the biggest fallers were Hong Kong down 1.4 percent to a one-month low, and Chinese mainland stocks, down 0.8 percent. But South Korea steadied, rising 0.1 percent to an 11-day high. The United States and South Korea have pledged to forge a stronger alliance but US Vice President Mike Pence said the free trade agreement between the two will be reviewed. The Korean won fell 0.7 percent to a one-week low. South African assets remained under pressure, with stocks down 0.7 percent and the rand slipping 0.5 percent against the dollar, off a near three-week high. Russian dollar-denominated stocks fell 0.6 percent and the rouble weakened 0.5 percent off a two-week high, with oil prices heading back towards $55 a barrel. The Hungarian forint firmed 0.2 percent against the euro after slumping to a four-month low on Monday. Thousands of Hungarians rallied in Budapest on Saturday against what they said were attempts by the government to silence critical voices, in the latest mass protest. Ashmore, a bellwether stock for the emerging markets asset management sector, saw quarterly net inflows for the first time in nearly three years, helping to drive a 7 percent rise in its total assets.   Copyright Reuters, 2017      Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Turkish PM says rumours of foul play an effort to undermine referendum result Next China iron ore slumps 6.5pc to weakest since January, hit by steel glut Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Top
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies. High 86F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Clear skies with a few passing clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 68F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 19, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press In this Tuesday, Jan. 15, 2013, file photo, lights are on at Goldman Sachs's headquarters, in New York.  (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading By Olivia Oran and Sruthi Shankar • Reuters 15 hrs ago (…) In this Tuesday, Jan. 15, 2013, file photo, lights are on at Goldman Sachs's headquarters, in New York.  (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) The Associated Press Updated at 10:12 a.m. In a rare fumble for what is usually a market-savvy Wall Street bank, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. missed earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in trading revenue even as its rivals reported major trading gains. Goldman, the fifth-largest U.S. bank by assets, blamed weakness in commodities, currencies, and credit revenue, as well as lower commissions and fees from equities trading. But the results came in sharp contrast to those from JPMorgan Chase & Co., Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp., which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. On a conference call with analysts, Goldman’s newly appointed finance chief, R. Martin Chavez, said that while markets improved during the quarter, a lack of volatility meant clients were trading less. As an example, he said volatility in crude oil prices is at its lowest level in two years. On the call, analysts were unusually tough on management. They pressed Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz about the trading results, with one saying Goldman investors were showing some "nervousness" about the strength of the business, and another chastising the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been "kind of easy." Goldman’s shares tumbled 3.6 percent to $218.01 in early trading. Trading revenue, which is Goldman’s biggest contributor to total revenue, dropped 2 percent to $3.4 billion in the first quarter. Equities trading revenue fell 6 percent while fixed income trading was flat, though analysts were more disappointed in that business relative to their expectations. KBW analyst Brian Kleinhanzl said it was “up to management to explain” what went wrong. In the best of times, Goldman generated more than $6 billion in quarterly fixed-income trading revenue. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what U.S. banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades Goldman's profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of $5.15 versus $2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of $5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman's profit rose 80 percent to $2.2 billion from $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about U.S. interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 percent to $8 billion from $6.3 billion. The bank's expenses rose just 15 percent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 percent in the first quarter, down from 42 percent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 percent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman's chief rival Morgan Stanley will report on Wednesday. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Tuesday, Jan. 15, 2013, file photo, lights are on at Goldman Sachs's headquarters, in New York.  (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) The Associated Press Tags Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Revenue Bank Economics Trading Finance View (…) comments Most popular Buyers struggle to find homes in red-hot St. Louis housing market Chesterfield mobile home residents might have to move as apartment developers eye suburb Meat bonanza: Beef boom to mean lower steak and burger prices Joplin's post-tornado TIF faces whirlwind of criticism In unusual vote, St. Louis TIF Commission holds up downtown hotel project Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Republic Services asks court to keep protesters from blocking landfill entrances City officials hope to reopen Kingshighway bridge around end of month Yahoo bows out as public company with revenue shrinking Trump orders review of visa program to encourage hiring Americans PetSmart to buy Chewy.com, and the price fetched may be eye-popping Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces $1.00 for Sunday Delivery Tickets on sale now for the 2017 Women of Achievement Luncheon. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, April 19, 2017 3:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading Tuesday April 18, 2017 11:21 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years The Edit: French ‘human hen’ artist hatches first chick The Edit: Adidas slammed for tone-deaf email The Edit: Pitbull adds Malaysia tour date Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A Goldman Sachs sign is displayed inside the company’s post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York April 18, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, April 18 — In a rare fumble for what is usually a market-savvy Wall Street bank, Goldman Sachs Group Inc missed earnings expectations today due to a drop in trading revenue even as its rivals reported major trading gains. Goldman, the fifth-largest US bank by assets, blamed weakness in commodities, currencies, and credit revenue, as well as lower commissions and fees from equities trading. But the results came in sharp contrast to those from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp, which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. On a conference call with analysts, Goldman’s newly appointed finance chief, R. Martin Chavez, said that while markets improved during the quarter, a lack of volatility meant clients were trading less. During the period, the CBOE Volatility Index reached its lowest level since before financial crisis. Oil prices were also trading at years-low volatility levels. But the lack of volatility did not hurt competitors and management had a hard time clarifying what went wrong at Goldman Sachs. On the call, analysts were unusually tough, with all but one of six pressing Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz about trading results, especially in fixed income. Credit Suisse analyst Christian Bolu said Goldman investors were showing some “nervousness” about the strength of the business, and UBS’s Brennan Hawken chastised the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been “kind of easy.” “I’m not fully — I’m still confused,” said Hawken, adding, “I have some company.” Goldman’s shares tumbled 4.2 per cent to US$216.80 (RM956.20). Trading revenue, which is Goldman’s biggest contributor to total revenue, dropped 2 per cent to US$3.4 billion in the first quarter. Equities trading revenue fell 6 per cent while fixed income trading was flat, though analysts were more disappointed in that business relative to their expectations. In the best of times, Goldman generated more than US$6 billion in quarterly fixed-income trading revenue. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what US banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades. Goldman’s profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of US$5.15 versus US$2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of US$5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman’s profit rose 80 per cent to US$2.2 billion from US$1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about US interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 per cent to US$8 billion from US$6.3 billion. The bank’s expenses rose just 15 per cent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 per cent in the first quarter, down from 42 per cent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 per cent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman’s chief rival Morgan Stanley will report tomorrow. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years, but below forecast Ringgit at 4.4070/4100 against US greenback Alarm sounds in emerging currencies for top Asia forecaster KL shares open slightly lower, but rebounded thereafter Dollar kicked by ascendant sterling after May calls UK vote (VIDEO) Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion United Airlines CEO won’t resign Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Queen announce European tour dates First teaser for ‘Kingsman: The Golden Circle’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Goldman tumbles as bank strikes out on bond-trading revival US stocks down as Goldman earnings disappoint Goldman Sachs quarterly profit surges 80pc US dollar down, gold gains on global risks; US stocks inch up Wall Street flat as investors parse bank earnings Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor A Massive Tsunami is About to Rock the Global Stock Markets Home | Street Talk Tags: Goldman | Wall Street | Bond | Rebound Goldman Whiffs in Wall Street Bond Rebound That Boosts Peers (AP/ Richard Drew) Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 10:19 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Goldman Sachs Group Inc. stunned Wall Street Tuesday with a rare shortfall in bond-trading revenue, a traditional strength, in a quarter when rivals gained momentum. Revenue from fixed-income trading of $1.69 billion suffered from weaker demand in commodities and currencies, the New York-based company said Tuesday in a statement, and fell short of analysts’ $2.03 billion estimate. Shares of the company slid 3.5 percent to $218.25 at 9:32 a.m. in New York, the worst performance in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. “This is a hole, just like last year started in a hole,” Devin Ryan, an analyst at JMP Securities LLC, said in a phone interview. “Seasonally you should have some tailwinds in the beginning of the year, so it’s not normal to start the year slow.” The surprise results contrast with reports from Goldman Sachs’s three bigger competitors. Bank of America Corp. said earlier Tuesday that its trading revenue climbed, while JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. last week reported revenue from that business exceeded estimates. Blankfein has said he’d like to operate his firm with less capital and that President Donald Trump’s plan to reduce regulations may help trading. “The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses,” Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein, who rose through the ranks of the fixed-income business, said in the statement. Net income almost doubled to $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share, from $1.14 billion, or $2.68, a year earlier, the company said in the statement. The average estimate of 17 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg was for adjusted earnings of $5.34 a share. Companywide revenue rose 27 percent to $8.03 billion, compared with the $8.33 billion average estimate of analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Expenses increased 15 percent to $5.49 billion. Total trading revenue, which also includes equities, fell 2 percent to $3.36 billion. Stock trading fell 6 percent to $1.67 billion, roughly matching analysts’ $1.63 billion estimate. The first quarter of 2016 was the weakest start to the year for the firm since before the financial crisis. The period usually accounts for about a third of the entire year’s trading revenue, according to Oppenheimer & Co.’s Christopher Kotowski. Goldman’s commodities-trading unit is run by Greg Agran, while Kayhan Mirza in London handles foreign-exchange. Credit trading, also singled out for its weakness, is overseen by Justin Gmelich. Investment-banking revenue rose 16 percent to $1.7 billion, helped by debt underwriting, where revenue advanced 25 percent to $636 million. Equity underwriting surged 70 percent to $311 million, while fees from advising companies on mergers and acquisitions fell 2 percent to $756 million. Goldman Sachs said its investment-banking backlog decreased from the fourth quarter and last year’s first quarter. Goldman Sachs’s share price surged 32 percent from the U.S. presidential election through the end of last year on optimism Trump would usher in pro-growth economic policies, and as firm alumni including former President Gary Cohn took up key positions in the administration. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Goldman Posts Wall Street's Smallest Fixed-Income Trading Gain Goldman, Wall Street, Bond, Rebound 490 Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 10:19 AM 2017-19-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented 1,470 Economists Send Trump a Letter to Support Immigrants Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 67 comments Again we see a group that does not seem to be able to distinguish... Newsmax.com - Breaking news from around the globe: U.S. news, politics, world, health, finance, video, science, technology, live news stream Sunday, 16 Apr 2017 | 52 comments So you believe that patriotic American citizens who love their country are... Retail Stores Devastated, Suffer Massive Job Losses Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 | 36 comments And the leftist dummies brag about how obama fixed the economy. What a... Insurance, Medical Groups Urge Trump to Keep Funding Obamacare Subsidies Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 36 comments Who would have ever thought that the insurance industry would be lobbying... Dollar Slumps After Trump Backs Off on China Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 19 comments so many policies change daily... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias National News Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Wake County Schools Class size law could lead to WCPSS teacher layoffs, eliminated classes Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Hurricanes NCSU researchers predict 'normal' hurricane season Sponsor WRAL TV Amazing azaleas: Annual spring beauty on display at WRAL DUALDoppler5000 Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell Ken Medlin NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Colleges NC universities, sports groups nervously await NCAA announcement of host sites North Carolina Agent pleads guilty to influencing UNC football players Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business United CEO says no one will be fired for dragging incident Latest News Smart grid firm moving HQ to Cary Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: How the 'family values legislature' is destroying families DRAUGHON DRAWS: 'Hog Heaven' on Jones Street Editorial: Rep. Pittman, apologize for shameful Facebook post Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings 5 On Your Side Dash cam popularity soars in the United States 5 On Your Side No pills: Exercise can treat some diseases just as well Business Can't pay your taxes? Here are 6 ways to cope 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel 5 On Your Side Family members need to plan medical care in case of accident Local News 8-year-old battling illness signs with UNC cross country team Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Blind Pig Supper Club teams up with TerraVita for dinner Out and About Raleigh cafe plans birthday block party Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Tar Heels sign 8-year-old battling illness National News Kilted crusader rescues mother, daughter in danger Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News 10:30a Legality of December legislative session challenged Noon Senate panel weighs towing unlicensed drivers' vehicles 3p Craft beer sales restrictions before House committee Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › 57° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 57° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-04-18 12:09:43 Updated: 2017-04-18 12:11:25 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business Bank of America profits jump, helped by interest rates Posted 12:09 p.m. yesterday Updated 12:11 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17rXx Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By KEN SWEET, AP Business Writer NEW YORK — Bank of America's first quarter profits grew nearly 40 percent, the bank said Tuesday, helped by higher interest rates as well as a strong performance in its investment banking division. The Charlotte, North Carolina-based consumer banking giant reported net income of $4.86 billion, compared with $3.47 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Bank of America earned 41 cents per share, beating the 35 cents that analysts were looking for. "The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that," BofA's CEO Brian Moynihan said in a prepared statement. Like its major competitors, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo, Bank of America benefited from higher interest rates. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates once in December and again in March, which has allowed the big retail banks to charge more for their loans. The bank said it had net interest income of $11.06 billion, compared with $10.49 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank expects that if interest rates continue to move higher, Bank of America could see its net interest income grow by $3.3 billion over the next 12 months. Bank of America's investment and trading divisions, which includes Merrill Lynch, also had a strong quarter, in line with the bank's competitors. Global investment banking had net income of $1.73 billion compared with $1.09 billion in the same period a year earlier. Bank of America's desks did much better than Goldman Sachs, who also reported its results on Tuesday which missed analysts' expectations. Revenue from trading rose to $3.9 billion from $3.4 billion. Overall, Bank of America had revenue of $22.49 billion compared with $20.79 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank was able to keep its expenses flat as well, at $14.84 billion, which helped bolster the bank's bottom line. Bank of America's stock fell 31 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $22.47 in midday trading. Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Garner Appliance & Mattress Spring Sale Apr 21-29 Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Custom home sites - thousands less than Wake Cty. The 'as low as" rate is at 3.25% APR (15 yr.) Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos April 2017 Out and About Red Hot Chili Peppers wow Raleigh audience with passion, energy Local News Charlotte woman finds massive 'ball of snakes' along greenway National News Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Entertainment 'SNL' time zone shift pays dividends with big boost Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Kilted crusader rescues mother, daughter in danger National News 'They were full of life': NC sisters killed in wrong-way crash Go Ask Mom 10 things parents should know about suicide if your teen's watching '13 Reasons Why' Travel Elaborate tree house could draw guests in Orange County Weather Fishel gets critical in museum forum Out and About Foodie news: Mulino Italian Kitchen opens Tuesday Go Ask Mom Capital City Girls Choir to hold auditions Go Ask Mom Julia Sims: The music maker House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Go Ask Mom Take a Walk: A dozen family-friendly hikes across the Triangle Out and About 25 Triangle events to check out this week WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Food Taste of summer: Lemon zucchini pasta with roasted artichokes Travel Legend of 'Gallows Meg' haunts men in Wilmington Local News Charlotte woman finds massive 'ball of snakes' along greenway Local News Police: Towing dispute led to fatal Raleigh shooting Wake County Schools Class size law could lead to WCPSS teacher layoffs, eliminated classes National News Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Local News Cary planning board denies recommendation of Habitat homes project SmartShopper QUICK Giveaway: Free Southern Women's Show tickets! SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack SmartShopper Food Lion Deals 4/19: Shrimp, chicken drumsticks, Luvs SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos April 2017 Out and About Red Hot Chili Peppers wow Raleigh audience with passion, energy Local News Charlotte woman finds massive 'ball of snakes' along greenway National News Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Entertainment 'SNL' time zone shift pays dividends with big boost Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Kilted crusader rescues mother, daughter in danger National News 'They were full of life': NC sisters killed in wrong-way crash Go Ask Mom 10 things parents should know about suicide if your teen's watching '13 Reasons Why' Travel Elaborate tree house could draw guests in Orange County Weather Fishel gets critical in museum forum Out and About Foodie news: Mulino Italian Kitchen opens Tuesday Go Ask Mom Capital City Girls Choir to hold auditions Go Ask Mom Julia Sims: The music maker House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Go Ask Mom Take a Walk: A dozen family-friendly hikes across the Triangle Out and About 25 Triangle events to check out this week WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Food Taste of summer: Lemon zucchini pasta with roasted artichokes Travel Legend of 'Gallows Meg' haunts men in Wilmington Local News Charlotte woman finds massive 'ball of snakes' along greenway Local News Police: Towing dispute led to fatal Raleigh shooting Wake County Schools Class size law could lead to WCPSS teacher layoffs, eliminated classes National News Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Local News Cary planning board denies recommendation of Habitat homes project SmartShopper QUICK Giveaway: Free Southern Women's Show tickets! SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack SmartShopper Food Lion Deals 4/19: Shrimp, chicken drumsticks, Luvs WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business In rare fumble, Goldman stuns Wall Street with weak trading Goldman Sachs Group Inc fell short of earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in quarterly trading revenue, prompting analysts to demand explanations for underperformance in an area where the bank usually outshines rivals. Posted 18 Apr 2017 19:55 Updated 19 Apr 2017 01:00 FILE PHOTO - A sign is displayed in the reception of the Sydney offices of Goldman Sachs in Australia, May 18, 2016. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Goldman Sachs Group Inc fell short of earnings expectations on Tuesday due to a drop in quarterly trading revenue, prompting analysts to demand explanations for underperformance in an area where the bank usually outshines rivals. Newly appointed finance chief R. Martin Chavez said Goldman's clients traded less with the bank because markets were calmer and because it does not lend as much as competitors. Banks with bigger balance sheets, like JPMorgan Chase & Co , tend to profit not only from financing corporations but from capturing hedging and other markets-related business as well. "We underperformed this quarter," he said on a conference call with analysts. Analysts seemed unsatisfied with explanations from Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz. They were unusually tough during a Q&A session, with all but one of six pressing management about trading results, especially in fixed income. Goldman's 2 percent decline in trading revenue came in sharp contrast to results from JPMorgan Chase & Co , Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp , which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. Credit Suisse analyst Christian Bolu said Goldman investors were showing some "nervousness" about the strength of the business, and UBS's Brennan Hawken chastised the performance, saying that topping the prior year should have been "kind of easy." "I'm not fully - I'm still confused," said Hawken, adding, "I have some company." Goldman's shares tumbled 4.8 percent to US$215.44. During the first quarter the CBOE Volatility Index reached its lowest level since before financial crisis. Oil prices were also trading at years-low volatility levels. That lack of volatility meant its investor clients, many of them hedge funds, were trading less. Goldman's unusually large exposure to commodities trading also hurt its fixed income business. In the best of times, Goldman generated more than US$6 billion in quarterly revenue from fixed-income trading. In more recent years, the business has come under pressure from factors including weak market activity and new regulations that restrict what U.S. banks can do and how much capital they must hold against trades. Goldman's profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, with earnings per share of US$5.15 versus US$2.68. But the results were well short of analyst forecasts of US$5.31 per share, on average, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to relatively stable businesses like investment management and lending. Revenue from investment banking, investment management and investing and lending all rose in the first quarter, but not enough to offset the sharp decline in trading. Overall, Goldman's profit rose 80 percent to US$2.2 billion from US$1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2016, when sliding commodity prices, worries about the Chinese economy and uncertainty about U.S. interest rates led to weak results across Wall Street. Its revenue rose 27 percent to US$8 billion from US$6.3 billion. The bank's expenses rose just 15 percent and it paid out a smaller share of its revenue to employees. Its closely watched compensation-to-revenue ratio was 41 percent in the first quarter, down from 42 percent a year earlier, but higher than the 38 percent ratio it reported for all of 2016. Goldman's chief rival Morgan Stanley will report on Wednesday. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru and Olivia Oran in New York; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Meredith Mazzilli) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site BofA posts solid growth boosted by trading, rates News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business BofA posts solid growth boosted by trading, rates Bank of America Corp's quarterly profit rose 44 percent as its investment banking and trading units produced hefty gains, and higher long term interest rates also underpinned results for the second-largest U.S. bank. Posted 18 Apr 2017 19:00 Updated 19 Apr 2017 01:05 A Bank of America logo is seen in New York City, U.S. January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Bank of America Corp's quarterly profit rose 44 percent as its investment banking and trading units produced hefty gains, and higher long term interest rates also underpinned results for the second-largest U.S. bank. Wall Street banks have been energized by increased market activity prompted by the so-called "Trump trade" with the sector rallying since the election on hopes of simpler regulations and tax cuts under President Donald Trump's administration. However, the momentum has lost steam recently as investors scale back some of those expectations. But investors also changed their positions around recent Federal Reserve interest rate hikes and the possibility of several increases in the future, boosting trading revenue for big U.S. banks. "This quarter shows the value of our businesses as rates begin to rise and as we experience increased capital markets activity," said BofA Chief Executive Brian Moynihan on a call with analysts on Tuesday. Gains for BofA were distributed more or less evenly between net interest income, which is driven by the difference between banks' borrowing costs and the rate they charge on loans, and institutional businesses such as trading and investment banking. Expenses were mostly flat, even as revenues grew in every major business unit. While some analysts expressed skepticism Bank of America will be able to hit a US$53 billion expense target in 2018, they were not too troubled in light of stronger revenues. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Donofrio told analysts he remained confident the bank would hit its target. BofA's shares were down about 1.1 percent at US$22.56 in mid-day trading, consistent with the broader banking sector and following surprisingly weak trading results from Goldman Sachs Group Inc . JPMorgan and Citigroup also reported better-than-expected quarterly profit last week, driven by strong trading activity. Moynihan nodded to some weakening in loan demand highlighted in reports last week from rivals JPMorgan Chase & Co , Citigroup Inc and Wells Fargo & Co . "We've been able to outgrow the economy, but we're going to be dependent upon the economy to keep growing," he said. BofA's total revenue rose about 7 percent to US$22.45 billion in the three months ended March 31, handily beating the average analyst estimate of US$21.61 billion. "This franchise can grow and all the more so in a rising rate environment; better revenue growth, visible operating leverage and manageable credit cost increases will drive realization of franchise potential," wrote Credit Suisse analyst Susan Katzke in a report published Tuesday. Revenue from trading activities, excluding special items, rose 21.2 percent to US$4 billion, helped by a 29 percent increase in fixed-income trading revenue. Investment banking income jumped 37.4 percent to US$1.58 billion, riding on the back of a strong recovery in global investment banking services, which includes M&A advisory and capital markets underwriting. Net income surged about 44 percent to US$4.35 billion. Earnings per share rose to 41 cents per share, topping the average analyst estimate of 35 cents. (http://bit.ly/2px3E6G) BofA made US$11.06 billion as net interest income in the quarter, up 5.5 percent from a year earlier. Donofrio said he expected continued improvement in net interest income in the second quarter. However, he added that the increase would be "more modest" than in the first quarter as interest rate movements are providing less of a tailwind for the bank. The lender relies heavily on higher interest rates to maximize profits as it has a large stock of deposits and rate-sensitive mortgage securities. BofA's non-interest expenses were nearly flat at US$14.85 billion. Moynihan said last year he would make trimming costs a top priority and would shrink annual expenses by an additional US$5 billion by 2018. The bank's efficiency ratio, a closely watched measure of revenue divided by expenses, was 66.2 percent, compared with 70.5 percent a year earlier. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York and Nikhil Subba and Sweta Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty, Bernard Orr) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Finance Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Wall Street on Goldman whiff: 'What the heck is going on?' Goldman Sachs saw earnings falter against expectations due to weaker trading revenue. The bank's shares are down more than 9 percent year to date and were getting hammered Tuesday. A lack of deals is putting pressure on Goldman. Jeff Cox | @JeffCoxCNBCcom 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Goldman slip 'short term': Pro    18 Hours Ago | 03:11 Goldman Sachs' stunning first-quarter profit disappointment immediately set off some serious head-scratching on Wall Street. The fifth-largest bank by assets in the U.S. reported earnings that missed on both top-line revenue and bottom-line profits, a rarity for a bank that historically has beaten Wall Street earnings targets 9 out of 10 times. Time will tell if the first three months of 2017 were a one-off miss or a sign of a more fundamental decline in the bank's operations. But for now, the letdown was palpable and set off a wave of investor worry, particularly because Goldman's competitors posted almost universally strong earnings. The bank's shares tumbled more than 3 percent at the market open and were down 4.5 percent at one point, falling to $216.02. It was the lowest intraday price since it traded at 214.97 on Nov. 30. "Given what you're seeing out of Bank of America, JPMorgan and Citigroup, this is a quarter which makes me wonder what the heck is going on," said Dick Bove, vice president of equity research at Rafferty Capital Markets. "Hopefully, it's just an aberrant quarter." Bove later on Tuesday cut his rating on Goldman from a "buy" to a "hold." Goldman's biggest area of worry was in trading, where revenues in the vital fixed income, commodities and currencies business were essentially flat year over year and down about 16 percent from the fourth quarter of 2016. The new year has been slow for equities trading, but other big institutions on the Street are making due with strong business in bonds and related debt instruments. "The big one that is glaring and sticks out is the decline in FICC. That was totally unexpected and totally aberrant as to what its competitors are doing," Bove said. One of the big problems for Wall Street in general and Goldman Sachs in particular has been the absence of deals. Mergers and acquisitions volume plunged 55 percent in the first quarter from Q4 in 2016, according to data provider Dealogic. While initial public offering volume surged in the quarter, much of it came via the Snap IPO that generated $3.9 billion of the total $13.4 billion in revenue raised during the quarter. Ramin Talaie | Getty Images "Look at the equity markets — there's nothing going on. The IPO pipeline is small and as unremarkable as I can remember," said Christopher Whalen, head of Whalen Global Advisors. "We're not funding acquisitions or deals. It's simply the Street refinancing the debt they're using to buy back their stock." The competition for deals is intense, and the benefits are skewing toward bigger firms that have dominated and smaller ones that are willing to compete for down-market business. "Goldman's been good at trading, but you're not going to hit that every quarter and you can't predict it. One or two trades can seriously affect your results every quarter," Whalen said. "It's Jurassic Park — that's what you've got, and the big dinosaurs win." The long-term damage for Goldman is hard to predict as well. Shares are down more than 9 percent in 2017, sharply underperforming an industry that is off about 5 percent as measured by the SPDR S&P Bank exchange-traded fund. Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein told investors Tuesday that the bank is "well-positioned" to meet the challenges ahead. "I don't think it's worrisome. It's probably just a one-off kind of a quarter. You'll probably see it improve at least to the extent that volatility begets more client activity over the next few quarters," said Justin Fuller, senior director at Fitch Ratings. "I don't think it's a bad quarter by any means." Jeff CoxFinance Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change KBE --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
BREAKING NEWS: Syria evacuations resume after deadly bombing … Sterling gives back some gains made after May calls UK vote … SC to announce Panamagate verdict tomorrow … Justice will be ensured in Mashal Khan lynching case: SC … Yuan gains ground, outflow fears ease as dollar weakness drags on … China's Xi restructures military, consolidates control … Palm hits 8-mth low, set for 6th losing session on weaker rivals … Gayle first to hit 10,000 Twenty20 runs … Tokyo stocks under pressure after British snap election news … Nestl� Pakistan 1QCY17 … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Europe » FTSE set for worst fall since Brexit aftermath after election called Europe FTSE set for worst fall since Brexit aftermath after election called Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 18th, 2017 19:34 0 LONDON: British shares headed for their worst day's drop since the aftermath of the Brexit referendum last June, after Prime Minister Theresa May said she would call an early election. The FTSE 100 dropped 1.6 percent to its lowest in more than seven weeks as sterling inched higher, further weighing on the index's stocks, most of which get earnings in foreign currencies. All but one of the blue-chip stocks were in the red. Britain's May called for an early election on June 8, saying it was the only way to guarantee political stability for years ahead as Britain negotiates its way out of the European Union . "If we have a stronger government pushing for a 'hard' Brexit, markets won't like that. But on the positive side, you would have more stable government for the UK," said David Stubbs, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Financial markets have clearly rendered their judgment of [the Brexit process] through sterling," he said. "Loss of single-market access, if it happens, necessitated a cheaper currency, that's the calculation markets made." Sterling's weakness combined with stronger-than-expected fundamental economic data had pushed the index to record highs in the past months. Investors can expect significant volatility in sterling over the six weeks until the election as polls indicated levels of support for the governing Conservatives, Stubbs said. Traders said the election could eventually lead to a stronger sterling if May's majority was strengthened and policy became more predictable. Lower metals and crude-oil prices were already weighing on the commodities-heavy index before May's announcement. Mining companies Anglo American, Glencore, Antofagasta, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton dropped as Chinese iron ore futures fell to three-month lows, with oversupply worries weighing on steel prices. Oil major BP was also a top faller, down 2.8 percent as the price of crude fell. Brent crude reached an 11-day low after a US government report indicated rising production . Mid caps and small caps outperformed the blue chips, falling 0.9 and 0.3 percent respectively but holding near record highs reached in the last trading session. "I think people have been pleasantly surprised by how sanguine companies' management teams have been," said Ian Williams, economist and strategy analyst at Peel Hunt. "In the last six weeks, the mood of companies presenting has been much more optimistic, and people are asking whether some of the risk has been priced in already." The top fallers on the mid-cap index were all commodity-linked stocks, led by iron ore pellet producer Ferrexpo, down 5.2 percent, and miner Evraz, down 6.3 percent. Among the few risers in mid- and small-cap stocks were shipping services providers James Fisher and Braemar Shipping Services, up 2.4 and 3.3 percent. Emerging markets-focused fund manager Ashmore was down 2 percent, despite earlier posting net inflows for the first time in nearly three years, as investors turned back to developing regions.   Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Sri Lankan rupee ends weaker on importer dollar demand Next Down in polls, France's Le Pen targets immigration for boost Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Top
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money Futures Banks Much More Biotech Markets Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All How Goldman Doubled Profit and Still Missed Wall Street's Targets Bradley Keoun Apr 18, 2017 4:32 PM EDT Goldman Sachs (GS) , the New York-based investment bank, said net income almost doubled during the first quarter as buoyant markets led to big gains on in-house stock and bond investments.  The fly in the ointment? Profit of $5.15 a share still trailed the $5.31 average of estimates from analysts surveyed by FactSet as the bank's fixed-income trading business garnered only a fraction of the growth reported by competitors JPMorgan Chase (JPM)  , Citigroup (C) and Bank of America (BAC) . Adding in stock trades, Goldman's overall revenue from transactions with clients dropped 2% to $3.36 billion, missing a gain of 10% projected by Deutsche Bank analysts. Companywide net income was $2.26 billion, according to a statement Tuesday. "The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses, and a more attractive backdrop for underwriting in our investment-banking franchise," CEO Lloyd Blankfein said in the statement. The firm benefited from a 16% increase in stock and bond-underwriting fees, as more companies took advantage of financial conditions to raise money in the capital markets. The windfall follows increased market activity following President Donald Trump's election as well as a weak period a year ago, when low oil prices and the potential for a Chinese currency devaluation unnerved investors. Investment-banking revenue, which includes fees from underwriting as well as advising on mergers, totaled $1.7 billion. EXCLUSIVE LOOK INSIDE: Citigroup is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS charitable trust portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buy or sell the stock? Learn more now. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like European Stocks Called Lower, Pound Holds at Six-Month Highs After May's Election Call European stocks are expected to open lower Wednesday as risk sentiment continues to remain elusive for global investors amid myriad geopolitical and electoral risks linked to the region. Martin Baccardax Apr 19, 2017 2:26 AM EDT Bank of America Outran Even Goldman Sachs in Bond-Trading Growth Revenue from trading bonds, currencies and interest-rate swaps surged 17%, a gain that was in line with Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase. James Langford Apr 18, 2017 4:47 PM EDT Dow Drops 113 Points as Mixed Earnings Push Stocks Lower Stocks close lower on Tuesday as shares of Goldman Sachs, Bank of America and Johnson & Johnson decline after the companies reported first quarter earnings. Valerie Young Apr 18, 2017 4:29 PM EDT Trending White House Name-Checks Infosys, Cognizant Ahead of H-1B Order European Stocks Called Lower, Pound Holds at Six-Month Highs After May's Election Call Check Out Audi's Mind Blowing R8 Sports Car With Laser Lights and a Killer Price Tag Here's What to Look for When Verizon Reports Earnings on Thursday Adidas Is Latest Major Brand to Have a Serious PR Nightmare Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Goldman Sachs Shares Socked After Trading Hit by Global Political Uncertainty ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Goldman Sachs Shares Socked After Trading Hit by Global Political Uncertainty By Victoria Craig Published April 18, 2017 Earnings FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print A sign is displayed in the reception of Goldman Sachs in Sydney, Australia, May 18, 2016. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo (Copyright Reuters 2017) Shares of Goldman Sachs (GS) saw their biggest drop since last June – accounting for more than half of the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s sharp 150+ point decline on Tuesday – after reporting a rare miss on first-quarter profit after trading revenue fell short compared to its rivals.  Continue Reading Below The New-York based investment bank said it booked profits per share of $5.15, higher than the $2.68 it earned during the same period of 2015, but below Wall Street’s expectation for $5.31 a share. Revenue, meanwhile, came in at $8.02 billion, 27% above the year ago period, but also missing the Street’s target of $8.44 billion.  JPMorgan’s (JPM) head of European equity research banks team, Kian Abouhossein, was “disappointed” with Goldman’s quarterly results, especially when compared against its investment-banking peers. Weighing on the bank’s results was a 2.4% decline in trading revenue to $3.36 billion during the quarter as revenue from trading for clients in bonds, currencies and commodities – a closely watched metric due to its importance to Goldman’s core trading business – rose just 1% from the 2016 period. Revenue from equities trading was down 6% from the year prior, which can be attributed to the decline in overall market volatility after the November elections. At JPMorgan Chase, revenue for institutional client services jumped 14% as fixed income revenue rose 17% during the first quarter. Citigroup (C) saw an 18% rise as fixed income revenues rose 19% for the quarter, while Bank of America (BAC), which also reported results on Monday, booked a 23% gain in sales and trading revenue alongside a 29% jump in fixed income. Morgan Stanley is scheduled to report earnings on Wednesday before the opening bell. “Part of the problem Goldman has is we’re in a low volatility environment and they had difficulty navigating that,” said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. “Low volatility in dollar-euro pair and crude oil – because of their oversize interest in the business compared to their peers, struggling there hurt them more than others.” Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Goldman’s Chief Financial Officer Martin Chavez, on the company’s earnings call with analysts, said the market was thrown into a period of “recalibration” in the first three months of the year as investors reassessed U.S. economic strength and growth potential as they await upcoming European elections. For Goldman, that meant underperformance during the quarter was driven primarily by a two-year low both in volatility for the dollar-euro and crude oil trades. Executives said while they “didn’t navigate the market well” during the period, “no quarter defines the franchise.” To that end, while Kinahan said the trading revenue miss was a big surprise, he sees it as a “one quarter slip up,” and expectations for more volatility as President Donald Trump and his administration navigate the challenges of public policy realities alongside upcoming UK and French elections, will likely help boost what was a weak area in the first part of the year. “The bar is low as to where volatility was but we have seen a pick up. We saw gold have a five-month high this week with oil back above $50. So, things over the last few weeks would lead you to believe these are good things for their trading revenues and fixed income has had a lot of movement, too,” he said. By the close of trade, the stock clawed back some of its losses after trading down as much as 5.5%. Shares ended down 4.7% at $215.59 each.  Investment banking revenues, generated by aiding in mergers and acquisitions and capital raising efforts, jumped 16% during the quarter, while total underwriting revenues paced up 37% with equities leading the way with a 70% surge from a year ago. Executives on the earnings call said the M&A pipeline is “good” and they remain “cautiously optimistic” about the outlook amid attractive financing levels, CEO confidence, and a supportive equity market backdrop. Related Content JPMorgan's Dimon: Consumers Strong, Retail Tumult 'Won't Be a Big Deal' Bank of America Profit Boosted by Surge in Trading Fmr. Goldman Sachs partner on earnings miss Should investors stay away from banks? What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Ex-JPMorgan analyst cleared of remaining insider trading charges Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Big Story 10 | Tue Apr 18, 2017 | 10:08am EDT Ex-JPMorgan analyst cleared of remaining insider trading charges By Nate Raymond A federal judge has dismissed the remaining charges against a former JPMorgan Chase & Co investment banking analyst accused of engaging in an insider trading scheme, after a jury in February largely acquitted him. U.S. District Judge Terry Hatter in Los Angeles on Monday dismissed four counts of insider trading and tender offer fraud pending against Ashish Aggarwal, who previously worked at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC in its San Francisco office. The decision, which was confirmed by lawyers for Aggarwal, came after a jury in February found him not guilty of 26 of 30 counts he faced. His lawyers argued the jury had already determined Aggarwal did not intend to commit the charged crimes. "We are pleased that the court, in granting our motion, agreed with us that the government's case could not proceed, and correctly put an end to this prosecution," Aggarwal's lawyers, Grant Fondo and Derek Cohen, said in a joint statement. A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Los Angeles did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Tuesday. Aggarwal was charged in August 2015 in connection with what prosecutors said were tips he provided a college friend, Shahriyar Bolandian, who they said in turn tipped his childhood friend, Kevan Sadigh. Prosecutors said Aggarwal tipped Bolandian to inside information before the announcements of Integrated Device Technology Inc's 2012 acquisition of PLX Technology Inc and Salesforce.com Inc's 2013 acquisition of ExactTarget Inc. Bolandian in turn told Sadigh in both cases, enabling them to trade ahead of the deals and make more than $600,000, prosecutors said. Both have pleaded not guilty and have yet to face trial. Aggarwal denied wrongdoing. His lawyers at trial said the prosecution's case was circumstantial and lacked evidence that Aggarwal knew about the trades before they happened, tipped his co-defendants or received anything in exchange. The case is U.S. v. Aggarwal et al, U.S. District Court, Central District of California, No. 15-cr-465. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Bernard Orr) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Big Story 10 Embrace automation, but manage side effects: Bank of Canada TORONTO New technologies could help boost Canada's flagging productivity and income growth, but could also widen income inequality as some workers benefit from automation and others are hurt by it, a senior Bank of Canada official said on Tuesday. Battling old habits, the mayor of Warsaw launches climate revolution LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - When Hanna Gronkiewicz-Waltz, the mayor of Warsaw, introduced bus lanes on one of the city's main arteries to cut travel times by public transport and to encourage more people to use it, not everybody in the Polish capital was impressed. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
BREAKING NEWS: Syria evacuations resume after deadly bombing … Sterling gives back some gains made after May calls UK vote … SC to announce Panamagate verdict tomorrow … Justice will be ensured in Mashal Khan lynching case: SC … Yuan gains ground, outflow fears ease as dollar weakness drags on … China's Xi restructures military, consolidates control … Palm hits 8-mth low, set for 6th losing session on weaker rivals … Gayle first to hit 10,000 Twenty20 runs … Tokyo stocks under pressure after British snap election news … Nestl� Pakistan 1QCY17 … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Americas » Wall St set to open lower as earnings gather pace   Americas Wall St set to open lower as earnings gather pace   Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 18th, 2017 18:44 0   NEW YORK: US stocks were on track to open slightly lower on Tuesday as investors weighed quarterly earnings and a possible delay in tax reforms, while keeping an eye on global politics. US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times on Monday that the Trump administration's timetable for tax reform was probably delayed following setbacks in negotiations with Congress over healthcare. Mnuchin's statement added to concerns about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his promises to cut taxes and simplify regulations - bets on which US stocks have hit record highs since his election. A raft of quarterly earnings from corporate heavyweights is expected to keep investors busy. Goldman Sachs shares sank 3.4 percent in premarket trading after the bank reported a lower-than-expected quarterly profit due to weak trading revenue. Bank of America inched up 1.2 percent after the company reported a strong jump in quarterly profit. Shares of Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan were trading lower. "The key for the market is still earnings, economic growth etc, and politics is merely a daily side show," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago, Illinois. Dow e-minis were down 63 points, or 0.31 percent at 8:32 a.m. ET (1232 GMT), with 37,433 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were down 6.75 points, or 0.29 percent, with 189,256 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 12 points, or 0.22 percent, on volume of 33,948 contracts. Safe-havens continued to be in favor ahead of crucial presidential elections in France and rising tensions between the United States and North Korea. Adding to uncertainties, British Prime Minister Theresa May called for an early election on June 8 to guarantee political stability as the country negotiates its way out of the European Union. Gold prices hovered close to five-month highs, while the dollar dipped. Wall Street had closed higher in very thin trading volumes on Monday as investors bought technology and bank stocks. Shares of Dow component UnitedHealth rose 1.7 percent to $170.01 after the health insurer reported better-than-expected quarterly results and raised its profit and revenue forecast for the year. Johnson & Johnson was down 1.3 percent at $124.10 after the healthcare conglomerate reported quarterly revenue that missed analysts' expectations. Netflix, the first of the FANG stocks to report, was up 1.4 percent at $149.24 after the video streaming service provider reported weaker-than-expected subscriber numbers in the first quarter, but forecast strong growth in the current quarter.   Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Morocco to start liberalising dirham by June Next Deutsche Bank says UK election call a ‘game-changer’ for sterling Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Top
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Goldman Sachs, J&J pull Wall Street lower Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed Apr 19, 2017 | 4:19am IST Goldman Sachs, J&J pull Wall Street lower By Chuck Mikolajczak | NEW YORK NEW YORK The S&P 500 fell for the fourth time in five sessions on Tuesday, weighed down by a drop in Goldman Sachs and Johnson & Johnson following their quarterly results, while geopolitical tensions added to investor caution. Goldman Sachs lost 4.7 percent to $215.59, after hitting its lowest intraday level since Nov. 29. The bank posted earnings that missed expectations as trading revenue dropped. Goldman shares suffered their biggest daily percentage drop since June 24, a day after Britain voted to leave the European Union. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) slumped 3.1 percent for its worst day in 14 months after quarterly revenue fell short of analysts' expectations. "The Goldman numbers today were disappointing to the market, in what hasn’t been a bad group of numbers for most of the banks," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey. "There was some optimism for greater top-line growth and we have seen in the early numbers that have come out that companies have certainly learned how to cost cut and manage the bottom line but they really are having trouble growing the top line." Healthcare .SPXHC, down 1 percent, and financials, off 0.8 percent, were the two worst-performing of the 11 major S&P sectors. Cardinal Health (CAH.N), down 11.5 percent, also weighed on healthcare after a disappointing profit forecast overshadowed a deal to buy medical supplies businesses from Medtronic (MDT.N) for $6.1 billion. Although Bank of America (BAC.N) reported a better-than-expected profit, its shares reversed course to close slightly lower, falling in line with the broader market. A rough start to the earnings season could add to investor concerns about market valuations after a strong post-election rally largely based on expectations of pro-growth policies from President Donald Trump's administration drove major indexes to record highs. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 113.64 points, or 0.55 percent, to 20,523.28, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 6.83 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,342.18 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 7.32 points, or 0.12 percent, to 5,849.47. Safe-havens continued to be in favor, with gold and U.S. Treasury prices climbing ahead of crucial presidential elections in France, rising tensions between the United States and North Korea and the calling of early elections in Britain. Despite the high-profile earnings misses, first-quarter results have been promising overall. According to Thomson Reuters data through Tuesday morning, of the 45 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported results, 76 percent have topped expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.11-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.27-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 17 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 40 new highs and 59 new lows. About 6.07 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.41 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Nick Zieminski) A street sign for Wall Street is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in Manhattan, New York City, U.S. December 28, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Sterling gets market's vote, stocks cold-shouldered SYDNEY Sterling stole center stage in Asia on Wednesday amid speculation Britain's surprise decision to call a snap election could ultimately deliver a more market-friendly outcome in its divorce from the European Union. Trump 'Buy American' edict may have little impact on U.S. steel DETROIT/NEW YORK U.S. President Donald Trump's "Buy American, Hire American" executive order on Tuesday left questions about how the government would enforce the order and whether it would make a real difference in output and employment, according to steel executives and analysts. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Farm loan write-offs win votes in India, but may hurt economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics NFLX UNH Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More IBM misses on revenues, drops in Tuesday's after-hour session >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Screaming Buy After Q1 Earnings The banking giant's results have achieved escape velocity. BAC stock deserves respect ... and a bid higher. By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Apr 18, 2017, 11:29 am EDT Get BAC alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Popular Posts: 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever Don’t Buy Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Because of the NFL, But … Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is Officially Off the Investment Pedestal Recent Posts: Why Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS), Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) and Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Screaming Buy After Q1 Earnings Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is Officially Off the Investment Pedestal View All Posts Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) shareholders had good reason to expect a great first-quarter earnings report from BofA on Tuesday morning. Especially in the shadow of impressive Q1 results from Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). While BAC stock reversed after opening higher on Tuesday, the results surely couldn’t have disappointed. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Indeed, BAC shareholders would be hard pressed to find anything wrong with the numbers at all. Revenue was up, income was up and results were better than expected across the board. Perhaps most important of all, BAC stock was firmly up on Tuesday morning, tacking on more gains following Monday’s sizeable advance. If there was any doubt Bank of America is (finally) back on track, it was wiped away today. Bank of America Q1 Earnings A quick look at the headline numbers for the quarter ending in March: Bank of America earned 41 cents per share versus expectations of only 35 cents per share. That figure was 46% better year-over-year. Revenue of $22.2 billion grew 12.5% YOY and topped estimates of $21.6 billion. Picking a highlight isn’t easy, in that all facets showed tremendous progress. Its consumer loan portfolio grew by $18 billion, while brokerage assets were up 21% on a year-over-year basis. Its wealth and investment management assets grew by $29 billion in new-asset inflow, and net interest income was up 5% thanks to rising interest rates. Better still, noninterest income — fee-based and stock/bond trading — grew 9% from Q1 2016’s levels, mirroring though topping Q1 trading revenue for JPMorgan and Citi. CEO Brian Moynihan commented on the numbers: “Our approach to responsible growth delivered strong results again this quarter. Consumer spending was up, our wealth management business had strong asset management flows, investment banking fees rebounded nicely, and we continued to provide credit and capital to our corporate and institutional clients to help them drive the economy forward.” That’s only half the good news. Bank of America Passes Muster on an Even Deeper Look While the most-watched measures of interest to current and prospective BAC shareholders were rock-solid, the more obscure (though arguably more important) figures of internal health were just as impressive. More so than most other major banks, Bank of America struggled to find its way out of the mess left behind by the 2008 subprime loan meltdown. BofA did poorly on a couple of the Federal Reserve’s so-called “stress tests,” and as such was limited in terms of how much of a dividend it could dish out, in turn upping the size and quality of the capital base it was required to build. The matter seems to be firmly in the past for the bank now. BofA’s return on average common equity was 7.3%, and its return on average tangible common equity rolled in at 10.3%. That’s a hair above Goldman Sachs’ ROTCE target of 10% for BAC. While the figure is still shy of the company’s aggressive ROTCE goal of 12%, Q1’s score showed progress from Q4’s ROTCE reading of 9.9%. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-screaming-buy-q1-earnings/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Companies That Will Disappear in a Decade 4 Healthcare Stocks Starting to Look Sick 3 Stocks to Buy to Ride the Next 3D Printing Cycle 5 Fortune 500 CEOs Lucky to Have Jobs Should You Buy Tesla or General Motors? iPhone 8 Supercycle or Bust? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks That Won’t Exist in a Decade 5 Fortune 500 CEOs Who Are Lucky to Have Jobs 4 Healthcare Stocks That Are Starting to Look Sick 3 Stocks to Buy to Ride the Next 3D Printing Cycle Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Long-Term Powerhouse Most Popular 7 Top Emerging Markets Stocks to Buy Now 5 Tech Stocks to Buy for Growth AND Dividends 3 of the Best Trades on Wall Street Right Now 7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower as earnings gather pace US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower as earnings gather pace Source : Last Updated: Tue, Apr 18, 2017 18:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Goldman Sachs down on profit, revenue miss * Bank of America's profit beat lifts shares * Futures down: Dow 63 pts, S&P 6.75 pts, Nasdaq 12 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan April 18 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were on track to open slightly lower on Tuesday as investors weighed quarterly earnings and a possible delay in tax reforms, while keeping an eye on global politics. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times on Monday that the Trump administration's timetable for tax reform was probably delayed following setbacks in negotiations with Congress over healthcare. Mnuchin's statement added to concerns about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his promises to cut taxes and simplify regulations - bets on which U.S. stocks have hit record highs since his election. A raft of quarterly earnings from corporate heavyweights is expected to keep investors busy. Goldman Sachs shares sank 3.4 percent in premarket trading after the bank reported a lower-than-expected quarterly profit due to weak trading revenue. Bank of America inched up 1.2 percent after the company reported a strong jump in quarterly profit. Shares of Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan were trading lower. "The key for the market is still earnings, economic growth etc, and politics is merely a daily side show," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago, Illinois. Dow e-minis were down 63 points, or 0.31 percent at 8:32 a.m. ET (1232 GMT), with 37,433 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were down 6.75 points, or 0.29 percent, with 189,256 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 12 points, or 0.22 percent, on volume of 33,948 contracts. Safe-havens continued to be in favor ahead of crucial presidential elections in France and rising tensions between the United States and North Korea. Adding to uncertainties, British Prime Minister Theresa May called for an early election on June 8 to guarantee political stability as the country negotiates its way out of the European Union. Gold prices hovered close to five-month highs, while the dollar dipped. Wall Street had closed higher in very thin trading volumes on Monday as investors bought technology and bank stocks. Shares of Dow component UnitedHealth rose 1.7 percent to $170.01 after the health insurer reported better-than-expected quarterly results and raised its profit and revenue forecast for the year. Johnson & Johnson was down 1.3 percent at $124.10 after the healthcare conglomerate reported quarterly revenue that missed analysts' expectations. Netflix, the first of the FANG stocks to report, was up 1.4 percent at $149.24 after the video streaming service provider reported weaker-than-expected subscriber numbers in the first quarter, but forecast strong growth in the current quarter. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28420.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.7%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28420.00 (0%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 Narendra Modi News Money US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower as earnings gather pace Shares1 Tue, 18 Apr 2017-06:39pm , Reuters U.S. stocks were on track to open slightly lower on Tuesday as investors weighed quarterly earnings and a possible delay in tax reforms, while keeping an eye on global politics. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times on Monday that the Trump administration's timetable for tax reform was probably delayed following setbacks in negotiations with Congress over healthcare. Mnuchin's statement added to concerns about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his promises to cut taxes and simplify regulations - bets on which U.S. stocks have hit record highs since his election. A raft of quarterly earnings from corporate heavyweights is expected to keep investors busy. Goldman Sachs shares sank 3.4 percent in premarket trading after the bank reported a lower-than-expected quarterly profit due to weak trading revenue. Bank of America inched up 1.2 percent after the company reported a strong jump in quarterly profit. Shares of Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan were trading lower. "The key for the market is still earnings, economic growth etc, and politics is merely a daily side show," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago, Illinois. Dow e-minis were down 63 points, or 0.31 percent at 8:32 a.m. ET (1232 GMT), with 37,433 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were down 6.75 points, or 0.29 percent, with 189,256 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 12 points, or 0.22 percent, on volume of 33,948 contracts. Safe-havens continued to be in favor ahead of crucial presidential elections in France and rising tensions between the United States and North Korea. Adding to uncertainties, British Prime Minister Theresa May called for an early election on June 8 to guarantee political stability as the country negotiates its way out of the European Union. Gold prices hovered close to five-month highs, while the dollar dipped. Wall Street had closed higher in very thin trading volumes on Monday as investors bought technology and bank stocks. Shares of Dow component UnitedHealth rose 1.7 percent to $170.01 after the health insurer reported better-than-expected quarterly results and raised its profit and revenue forecast for the year. Johnson & Johnson was down 1.3 percent at $124.10 after the healthcare conglomerate reported quarterly revenue that missed analysts' expectations. Netflix, the first of the FANG stocks to report, was up 1.4 percent at $149.24 after the video streaming service provider reported weaker-than-expected subscriber numbers in the first quarter, but forecast strong growth in the current quarter. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Vijay Mallya's arrest 'a major victory': Former Kingfisher employee   Comments   Also Read Money Auction of Mallya's private jet to be further delayed Money Caught and bailed: Here's how Vijay Mallya led an extravagant life Money SIP, STP and SWP for long-term returns Money Kingfisher Airlines crashed on poor decision, recall experts Money How Snapdeal can get out of Snapchat crossfire Money RInfra, Veolia to extend partnership beyond Mumbai Metro Next Article > New gold extraction method both cheaper and faster < Previous ArticleNext Article > Vijay Mallya's arrest 'a major victory': Former Kingfisher employee Next node New gold extraction method both cheaper and faster Related US Federal Reserve raises rates as job gains, firming inflation stoke confidence Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags Steven Mnuchin Donald Trump Theresa May Bank of America British Chicago Congress European Union Financial Times France Goldman Sachs Illinois Johnson & Johnson Morgan Stanley Netflix North Korea United States Wells Fargo U. S. Paul Nolte S&P U. S. Treasury UnitedHealth Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News UN panel raises questions over military courts in Pakistan British lawmakers set to approve PM May's June 8 election plan Syria evacuations resume days after bombing -state media, war monitor Turkey's electoral board will evaluate complaints on referendum on Wednesday - NTV Amarinder orders crackdown on sex determination centres Sport Another blow for Bayern Munich as keeper Manuel Neuer suffers broken foot Tennis-Fit-again Murray eyes first Monte Carlo final Australia planning Bangladesh tour, says Bangladesh Cricket Board official Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, April 19 Australia planning Bangladesh tour, says Bangladesh Cricket Board official Entertainment 'Thor: Ragnarok' director Taika Waititi to play Korg in film FIRST poster of Salman Khan's 'Tubelight' is OUT NOW! You CAN'T miss Pooja Bhatt's reply to Sonu Nigam's azaan rant! Alec Baldwin to replace Robert Osborne as The Essentials host Janet Jackson's creative director speaks out on divorce Money China relaxes some cross-border capital flow curbs - sources Silver prices fall by Rs 288 in futures trade on global cues R Sridhar joins IndoStar Capital as Executive VC, CEO Nickel prices rise 0.26% in futures trade as demand picks up Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower as earnings gather pace By Reuters Published: 09:04 EDT, 18 April 2017 | Updated: 09:04 EDT, 18 April 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan April 18 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were on track to open slightly lower on Tuesday as investors weighed quarterly earnings and a possible delay in tax reforms, while keeping an eye on global politics. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times on Monday that the Trump administration's timetable for tax reform was probably delayed following setbacks in negotiations with Congress over healthcare. Mnuchin's statement added to concerns about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his promises to cut taxes and simplify regulations - bets on which U.S. stocks have hit record highs since his election. A raft of quarterly earnings from corporate heavyweights is expected to keep investors busy. Goldman Sachs shares sank 3.4 percent in premarket trading after the bank reported a lower-than-expected quarterly profit due to weak trading revenue. Bank of America inched up 1.2 percent after the company reported a strong jump in quarterly profit. Shares of Morgan Stanley, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan were trading lower. "The key for the market is still earnings, economic growth etc, and politics is merely a daily side show," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago, Illinois. Dow e-minis were down 63 points, or 0.31 percent at 8:32 a.m. ET (1232 GMT), with 37,433 contracts changing hands. S&amp;P 500 e-minis were down 6.75 points, or 0.29 percent, with 189,256 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 12 points, or 0.22 percent, on volume of 33,948 contracts. Safe-havens continued to be in favor ahead of crucial presidential elections in France and rising tensions between the United States and North Korea. Adding to uncertainties, British Prime Minister Theresa May called for an early election on June 8 to guarantee political stability as the country negotiates its way out of the European Union. Gold prices hovered close to five-month highs, while the dollar dipped. Wall Street had closed higher in very thin trading volumes on Monday as investors bought technology and bank stocks. Shares of Dow component UnitedHealth rose 1.7 percent to $170.01 after the health insurer reported better-than-expected quarterly results and raised its profit and revenue forecast for the year. Johnson &amp; Johnson was down 1.3 percent at $124.10 after the healthcare conglomerate reported quarterly revenue that missed analysts' expectations. Netflix, the first of the FANG stocks to report, was up 1.4 percent at $149.24 after the video streaming service provider reported weaker-than-expected subscriber numbers in the first quarter, but forecast strong growth in the current quarter. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS TOWIE star Ferne McCann urges boyfriend Arthur Collins to turn himself in 'immediately' over nightclub acid attack  Shock revelations  EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Bumping along! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley goes braless for 30th birthday at Soho House with 49-year-old fiancé Jason Statham 'I'm surrounded by people I like to be with': Victoria Beckham reveals she 'doesn't have a lot friends' due to her busy career... but never feels lonely Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL' Yes, you can wear black and white and flat shoes to a wedding! How to be the best dressed guest this season  SPONSORED 'It's totally ridiculous': Peter Andre 'furious with ex-wife Katie Price after she claimed Princess, 9, and Junior, 11, love that they divorced' Someone eats their Leftovers! Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in vest after getting pumped at gym Pump it up!  I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills Back from Coachella 'We are worried about Rob': Kardashian sisters watch their brother's back while Blac Chyna threatens split in KUWTK sneak peek Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born Things got steamy Kris Jenner's fake home used in Keeping Up With The Kardashians hits the market for $9 million  The 61-year-old momager is not moving house  'All the problems were down to drink and drugs': Stephanie Davis shares snap with son Caben... amid claims she 'wants to wed Jeremy McConnell' 'That was out of the Blue!?' Lee Ryan wins praise for EastEnders debut as 'Woody' Woodward... yet some viewers are baffled by 'random' introduction A piercing look! Bella Thorne shows off her nipple bar in see-through lingerie top in sizzling social media The racy actress shared an eyeful Frilly in florals! Rose Byrne strikes an elegant pose on the red carpet for premiere of Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks Among the cavalcade of stars Creaming it! Catherine Zeta-Jones dons creme three-piece with lacy low-cut top for Feud event in New York City The cream of the crop  Daddy's little girl! Chris Hemsworth makes hearts melt as he lavishes attention on sweet daughter India Rose during a day at the playground SPOILER ALERT: 'The littlest thing would spark an argument': Nathan Massey reappears on TOWIE as he confirms it's 'over' with Cara De La Hoyde    Megan McKenna tries to make amends with Pete Wicks with an emotional phone call on TOWIE... following THAT explosive row in the street Mel B sports heart-shaped pink specs as she removes laptop and heaps of files from lawyer's office in midst of messy Stephen Belafonte divorce Birthday babe! Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap 'After the last guy... deffo girls!' Bisexual Marnie Simpson reveals doomed romance with love rat ex Lewis Bloor has swayed her towards dating women  'Shopping in my daughter's closet!' Yolanda Hadid twins with Gigi as she borrows her color block Versace jacket for day out In her modeling footsteps Golden girl! Rosario Dawson shows off her toned legs in split gown at Unforgettable premiere She plays new trophy wife Unforgettable Showstopper! Katherine Heigl looks sensational in figure-hugging dress at Unforgettable premiere in Hollywood White goddess 'Birthday suit!': Kourtney Kardashian shares naked pool picture to celebrate turning 38 Embraced body confidence SPOILER ALERT: Emmerdale viewers set for a shock as Rhona Goskirk is raped by new husband Pierce Harris on their wedding night Chilling  Attack of the klones! Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian look identical (thanks to the cosmetic surgeon) in new topless teaser for make-up collaboration 'Bump coming along!' Missé Beqiri sparks pregnancy speculation in snap with beau Jake Hall... as followers note her 'massive boobs' Reality worlds collide She sheer is confident! Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill flashes her knickers in see-through black leggings She certainly knows how to model underwear 'How am I supposed to hate him!': Fans can't help but swoon over actor Chris Mason... despite playing horrific rapist Leo Humphries in hit drama Broadchurch Lacy lady! Rebel Wilson wears a one-piece swimsuit and lace kaftan as she enjoys Palm Springs poolside after catch up with Hugh Sheridan 'I love how close we were': Kim Kardashian shares throwback video to mark Kourtney's 38th birthday The 36-year-old star shared a flashback  Crystal Palace chair Steve Parish to join Dragon's Den alongside Jenny Campbell... after Sarah Willingham quit due to husband's cancer scare  Born to smile! Makeup free Delta Goodrem shows off her toned pins in a pair of tight leggings following sweaty workout Peace and love 'Let them roam free': Braless Sam Faiers drives her fans wild as she flaunts her ample assets in extreme plunging caged jumpsuit and perspex heels  She should have brought the palm leaves: Braless Sinitta makes a boob in see-through top to judge £3k talent show in London bar 'You made my day!': Faith Hill surprises adorable young fan who sings a duet with the country superstar Took time out of her busy tour schedule  'I'll always keep trying': Proud Vicky Pattison shares incredible transformation photo on Instagram... after a lengthy battle with her fitness and weight Keira Knightley returns to Pirates Of The Caribbean after ten years as she makes fleeting appearance in exciting new trailer for the fifth installment She's a natural! Youthful Elsa Pataky, 40, steps out in a sexy backless floral frock as ambassador for L'Oréal's Botanical hair care range 'Summer needs to hurry up!': Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shares throwback snap of herself flaunting her fabulous figure in strapless bikini   Surf's up! Camille Grammer, 48, parades her knock-out body on the beach while on vacation in Hawaii Ex-wife of Frasier star Kelsey  It's in the jeans! Model Jessica Gomes cuts a casual figure in double denim as she steps out in Los Angeles Recently launched her beauty range That's a Cole lot of leg! Lily shows off her pins in shirt as she gets cosy with Inbetweenera' Simon Bird for The Philanthropist play Diana and Sir Elton WEREN'T close, claims Wayne Sleep: Ballet star says Candle In The Wind singer didn't know the Princess that well Harper, 5, and Romeo Beckham, 14, surprise their 'happy' mum Victoria with a birthday cake and a singalong at her SoulCycle exercise class in LA SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's grooming story takes another dark turn as Bethany is raped by Nathan's friend... and Lucy Fallon admits her dad can't watch 'I drew a line in the sand': Jessica Chastain says she demands to know salaries of her male costars before agreeing to a role 'Hills' baby boom!' Whitney Port talks 'difficult' pregnancy as she praises fellow MTV castmates as 'responsible adults' Baby, it's cold outside! Reese Witherspoon wraps up in a big black coat as she steps out in NYC Celebrated Easter in Los Angeles Summer babe! Home And Away star Pia Miller shows off flawless bikini body poolside as she soaks up the sun in LA 'Perfect!' Rande Gerber shares swimwear snap of wife Cindy Crawford as they mark the end of Coachella music festival The 51-year-old sunned her famous physique  'How did Hannah give birth to a black baby?' Girls under fire over casting of Lena Dunham's child in finale episode EXCLUSIVE: Back to work! Meghan Markle heads to the Suits set after a blissful Easter weekend holed up in her Toronto pad with Prince Harry Shades of grey! Salma Hayek is a smart traveler in casual chic outfit and chunky boots as she departs LAX Glamorous in grey  'People have been asking if we swing...' Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, displays her incredible physique in the Maldives with Robin Thicke, 40 'She looked really sad': Kylie Jenner and ex Tyga have 'awkward run-in' at Coachella just weeks after latest break-up Tough times Curvy model Jordyn Woods calls for the end of the 'plus-size' label as she admits she is 'nervous' about being in best friend Kylie Jenner's reality show  'She was asked to audition': Britain's Got Talent star Sarah Ikumu 'scouted to appear on the show'... after being sent straight to semi-finals by the gold buzzer How you can get Blake Lively's figure: Try the star's simple 3-step workout that targets all your major muscles in one session  Enviable physique Director's cut! Giggling Tom Cruise looks relieved as he lands in Paris by helicopter and leaves set after filming daring M:I6 - Mission Impossible scenes James Packer's Hollywood adventure is over: Billionaire sells stake in RatPac venture despite hits The Revenant, Gravity and Birdman Elsa Pataky reveals her husband Chris Hemsworth STILL hasn't learned to speak Spanish after SIX years together - despite promising her he'd learn it in TWO MONTHS 'Here's lookin' at you, Jen!' Reese Witherspoon pens sweet tribute to pal Garner for her 45th birthday 'It's the last thing she needs while heavily pregnant': Jennifer Metcalfe becomes the next target of hackers as 'nude photos of her are leaked online' Amber Turner sizzles in thigh-skimming red playsuit for TOWIE filming... after 'breaking down in tears' over backlash from Dan Edgar split 'It can be right, and it's still wrong': Harry Styles FINALLY breaks silence on romance with Taylor Swift and hints his debut solo album has songs about Kendall Jenner Beauty beyond years! Calvin Klein celebrates women of ALL ages in new campaign featuring models young and old, from Lauren Hutton, 73, to Uma Thurman's 18-year-old daughter Maya  Queen Letizia, 44, looks younger than ever as she takes to the stage in a VERY trendy outfit at literature awards in Madrid The 44-year-old looked younger than ever  New dad Benedict Cumberbatch enjoys a country walk in the Cotswolds... after becoming a father for the second time Heading out for a stroll 'She was salty!': Courtney Love claims Hollywood legend Elizabeth Taylor used an expletive to greet her when they met at a Hollywood party 'A great missed opportunity': Mark Hamill wishes Luke, Leia and Han could have shared one final scene together in The Force Awakens 'It's obviously his name': Disney assures Star Wars fans Han Solo IS his real name... despite confusingly hinting otherwise Kevin Spacey will host Broadway's Tony Awards for first time... as actor jokes Neil Patrick Harris, Hugh Jackman were 'unavailable' 'They look so weird': Katie Price sends her fans wild over her heavily painted BROWS as she shares throwback snap of herself with baby Jett Bathing beauty Kate Upton flaunts her famous hourglass figure in skimpy halterneck bikini on romantic break with fiancé Justin Verlander Lucky she didn't cause a car accident! Olivia Culpo stuns in flannel dress and fishnet stockings as she struts down Hollywood Boulevard 'I love you so much mumma, forever': Bindi Irwin shares touching tribute to her mum Terri ahead of Mother's Day Laura Whitmore cannot be missed in bold fashion-forward dress as she takes her play Not Dead Yet to Dublin 'I get that from my dad': Kendall Jenner reveals she's not as 'girly' as her famous sisters while looking a dream in tangerine for Harper's Bazaar Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez 'stay in gated luxury villa community where her ex Marc Anthony lives in the Dominican Republic' Is that your downward dog, Ella? Health food guru posts picture of herself performing yoga The 25-year-old posted the picture of herself doing a yoga handstand   Traveling in style! Jessica Simpson rolls $3,350 Gucci luggage and pricey Birkin bag as she leaves kids at home to jet out of LA with husband Eric Damsel in denim: Kate Bosworth looks chic in baggy jeans as she arrives at LAX airport to a crowd of fans She unveiled her sunglass collection  Good things come in threes! Rose Byrne does frock treble... and defends her 'white savior' role in DNA drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz heads back to £5m mansion... despite speculation he is set to be evicted from singer's home 'You can save so many children!': Blake Lively talks cracking down on child pornography as she covers Variety's Power Of Women NY issue Tummy trouble! Sheryl Crow flashes belly button by accident as her shirt comes open in NYC... as news breaks her 'ex' Kid Rock is engaged 'If you need me I'll be here': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid puts bump on display in tiny bikini Bumping along nicely  The new Smalls! The Sandlot child star Patrick Renna and wife welcome their first son into the world The 38-year-old proudly announced news on Monday  Fashion parade in Chelsea! Lottie Moss rocks near-identical ensemble to MIC's Frankie Gaff as they go low-key with frayed jeans and statement jackets Amber Heard's father reveals she would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk who is worth $11.2bn - but a source claims the pair have no plans to tie the knot From winter to spring in one day! Anne Hathaway models black leather before switching into sheer purple to promote new film in NYC Boho chic! Naomi Watts, 48, looks radiant and youthful as she steps out in retro style outfit in New York She's the Australian actress who is known for her effortless style. Finding her inner hippie! Jennifer Love Hewitt wears Woodstock 1969 shirt with ripped jeans as she takes daughter Autumn shopping Doting mother Emily Blunt cradles baby daughter Violet as she touches down in London for low-key Easter getaway Rare public appearance 'Paradise': Love Island beauty Kady McDermott displays her toned derriere in a bikini as she enjoys romantic getaway with boyfriend Scott Thomas Sienna Miller reveals she and ex Tom Sturridge are still 'best friends' and do bedtime with daughter Marlowe 'every day' 'Togetherness is ideal' Getting on her Wick(s)! Megan McKenna appears riled as she chats on the phone during TOWIE filming... as saga with ex Pete rages on 'Channeling my inner Kylie!' Mollie King dazzles in gold halterneck bikini as she soaks up the sun at Coachella Soaking up the sunshine James Corden rips Star Wars and Girls in rap battle with actor Riz Ahmed... who fires back by branding Carpool Karaoke king a 'singing Uber driver' Crossing the pond? Lana Del Rey tells Courtney Love she would like to live in London as she covers Dazed magazine Why I'm shunned by Hollywood: Richard Gere says the studios won't hire him because his Tibetan activism will upset China La La Anthony removes wedding bling as she steps out for first time since split from Carmelo... amid claims he 'got another woman pregnant' Leg it! TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou looks sexy in a daringly short black mini skirt and perspex heels as she films scenes with Tommy Mallet Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn slips into a skimpy scarlet bikini as she soaks up the sun poolside in Marbella Ensured all eyes were on her once again Billie Lourd shows off legs in mini skirt while hand-in-hand with beau Taylor Lautner on loved up stroll with her dog The happy couple  Lovely in leather! Anne Hathaway highlights toned legs in chic tights with off-the-shoulder sweater as she takes meetings in NYC Katy Perry claims she 'wasn't allowed' to interact with gay people during strict evangelical upbringing and admits there was 'generational racism' while growing up Olivia Buckland reveals she and Alex Bowen have set a date for the first Love Island wedding... and show host Caroline Flack is on the guest list Ready to get wet! Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk poses in a bikini by a pool... after admitting she's hooked on Keeping Up With The Kardashians Now Sofia Vergara's ex-fiancé Nick Loeb accuses her of violating his First Amendment rights in latest twist of legal saga over frozen embryos they made  'Sun's out!' Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope displays her shapely bottom as she hits the outdoor pool in vibrant red swimsuit during stay at health spa Jeremy McConnell and Stephanie Davis 'set for RETURN' to Celebrity Big Brother this summer alongside Rhian Sugden, Charlotte Crosby and Bear Chantelle Connelly puts on raunchy display in gold lamé bodysuit... as she shows off her ample assets in a cheeky Instagram video Tongues wagging  'It looks like Halloween came early!' Pink-haired Pixie Lott is left with mascara running down her face as she gets doused with water while playing radio game 'I almost killed him!': Anne Hathaway says she nearly flew off old-school slide with young son when hitting a NYC park Sliding away  What a catch! Bella Thorne models fishnet top and stockings with very short skirt and kinky boots as she plugs Famous In Love in NYC Wrapping it up! Lucy Hale and Ashley Benson head to GMA in NYC as they promote Pretty Little Liars before big series finale EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she spends every dollar on chemotherapy!'  Minnie Driver's bitter  neighbor loses legal battle and finally knocks down wall dividing their Hollywood homes  Janet Jackson's pal Gil Duldulao says she's 'not a gold digger seeking a $500M divorce settlement' Open and honest  Aloha! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shows off her bikini body as she hits the beach in Hawaii Renovation expert jetted to the island destination Katie Couric's face DROPS as she is asked to weigh in on Megyn Kelly and Tamron Hall shake-up at 'Today' Katie Couric was all smiles on Monday night  Leigh-Anne Pinnock reunites with footballer beau Andre Gray as she arrives back in the UK... after pining for her man on Little Mix tour Has been missing him Kym Marsh is stylish in stripes as she and daughter Polly, 6, head out for a family dinner date in Manchester  Upstaged by her cute daughter  'You're an inspiration!': Kris Jenner pens birthday message to daughter Kourtney Kardashian on 38th birthday while sharing rare baby photos Ready for The Bachelorette! Teen Mom vet Farrah Abraham reveals she wants to go on dating show... after confirming split from Simon Saran Busty Ola Jordan flaunts her VERY ample assets in sizzling selfie as she continues to enjoy romantic break in the Maldives with her husband James The (Esse)X Factor? Gemma Collins shows off her powerful singing skills as she croons along to Britain's Got Talent hopeful Sarah Ikumu 'It was all posturing bulls***': Mel Gibson threw an ashtray THROUGH a wall during Braveheart budget meetings with studio Stephen Fry admits 'it's my fault' as tweeting luvvies line up to joke and comment on snap general election  Candid confession  Games Of Thrones star Lena Headey opens up about her struggle with depression, while urging her fans to forget societal 'bull***t' and embrace 'human realness' She turned a street into her catwalk! Joanna Krupa looks stunning as she models green jacket and skinny jeans while strolling in LA Model strut Liv Tyler adds an edgy touch to her flowing black dress with a leather biker jacket as she steps out for fashion store opening in Tokyo 'When you let the girls run free!' Size 22 model Tess Holliday puts her curves on full display in a VERY sheer bra after meeting her idol Dita Von Teese in Las Vegas Big night? 5 Seconds Of Summer rocker Luke Hemmings looks weary as he leaves Hollywood hot-spot with Ashton Irwin Lads on the town Leaving Los Angeles! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in fitted crop-top after long weekend at Coachella... as she prepares for return to London Thirsty work! Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum showcases her toned bikini body as she sips cocktails and frolics in the sea on her lengthy Ibiza holiday He's engaged! Kid Rock proposes to longtime girlfriend Audrey Berry with large diamond ring... 10 years after divorcing Pamela Anderson Too much coffee? Cackling Vicky Pattison verges on hysterical as she excitedly arrives at the ITV studios in formal work attire TV pro turned giddy 'I lost four toenails and was covered in cuts and bruises!' Heavily pregnant Amy Childs suffers dangerous fall as she prepares to give birth 'any day'  The prince of darkness is back! Shock rocker Alice Cooper returns for Australian tour 40 years after his first trip Down Under Leggy Lily Collins turns heads in a semi-sheer thigh-split gown as she steps out in London after receiving 'epic' message from Michelle Obama Jennifer Garner is in very high spirits as she enjoys birthday lunch with a pal... after claims Ben Affleck has 'moved out of the family home and is dating someone' 'Taking selfies left, right and centre': Love Island star Malin Andersson spends £7k on cosmetic surgery so she can look good on Instagram Amber Heard, 30, would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk and is planning 'to settle down and have a family' with the Tesla owner  Who won the battle of the royal palace versus the pop princess pad? How Lady Gaga's sleek Malibu compound made William's Kensington study look stuffy Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Biometrics Market share forecast to grow at 16.1% CAGR from 2016 to 2023 According to industry research report “Biometrics Market Size By Application (Banking & Finance, Commercial, Residential, Consumer Electronics, Defense & Security, Government, Transportation, Healthcare), By Product (AFIS, Non-AFIS, Hand Geometry, Signature, Voice, Iris, Face), Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook, Application Potential, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2023”, says that global Biometrics technology has marked its significant presence across the security landscape and is being deployed widely across all the sectors globally. Biometrics market size accounted for USD 9.58 billion in 2015 and is expected to exceed a revenue of USD 31 billion by 2023, per Global Market Insights, Inc. Request for a sample of this research report @ www.fractovia.org/request-sample/200 Biometrics technology is based on the concept of statistical analysis of biological data, which is believed to be less prone to hacking than the password trends. The biometrics identifiers are physiological and/or behavioral characteristics of respective individuals which are analyzed to authenticate the identity of the individuals. Example of these identifiers are fingerprint, face recognition, palm veins, palm print, DNA, iris recognition, hand geometry, and retina. There has been a lot of fraudulent cases recorded lately and the industries are much alert towards their data security and privacy, which is leading towards huge adoption of biometrics technology worldwide. In 2014, JP Morgan Chase, a banking MNC, was a victim of data breach in which hackers accessed the critical data of approximately 83 million customers. This made the BFSI sector more vigilant and increased the biometrics adoption across this industry. Banks and financial institutions have now integrated biometrics technology with their mobile applications to ensure highly secured online access to their customers. For instance, ING Group and Deutsche Bank are using biometric authentication on their mobile banking app with the help of Apple’s Touch ID. The biometrics market growth in the BFSI industry is estimated to record a CAGR of 20% over the period of 2016-2023. Biometrics application in the government sector is yet another significant area for potential growth prospects. The increasing number of fraud and hacking cases have promoted the adoption of this technology by the government to set high security and privacy standards. The growing popularity of electronics passports containing biometrics identifiers such as fingerprints, iris, facial data, etc., along with the government inclination towards building a robust infrastructure are few of the factors catalyzing biometrics market size in the government sector. The biometrics application in this sector is expected to reach USD 6.5 billion by 2023. Moreover, the residential biometrics application is also estimated to witness significant growth over the coming years owing to the growing trend of fingerprint door locks and rising demand for home safety and security. The biometrics application in the residential security segment is anticipated to surpass USD 1.1 billion by 2023. Browse key industry insights spread across 80 Pages with 43 market data tables & 35 figures from the report, “Biometrics Market” in detail along with the table of contents: www.fractovia.org/news/industry-research-report/biometric… Favorable regulatory landscape has made North America a vital contributor towards the biometrics market share. The U.S will primarily drive the regional revenue over the coming timeframe. The Asia Pacific biometrics market will also witness significant growth trends over the coming timeframe, with an estimated CAGR of 17.2% over the period of 2016-2023. Government norms favoring the biometrics authentication are the major revenue drivers across this region. For instance, the concept of e-Aadhaar by Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), emphasizes on logging through biometrics technology to ensure secured and authenticated identification of individuals. The industry players are continuously exploring new technologies to sustain their market value and stay ahead of the competition. The coming years will offer huge growth opportunities for the security device manufacturers on account of security being a key parameter to be looked after across all the sectors. Consumer Electronics, Commercial, Residential, Transportation, and Healthcare industries will also witness huge adoption of biometrics technology over the next few years. The market is consolidated with top players such as 3M Cogent, NEC Corporation, and Morpho (Safran) accounting for the majority of the overall industry revenue. Browse Related Reports: Pneumatic Conveying Systems Market – Global Industry Analysis Report, Share, Size, Growth, Price Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2022 www.fractovia.org/news/industry-research-report/pneumatic… About Fractovia.org Fractovia.org is one of India’s leading in-house and free news portal. It is fully automated, and operates on a constant premise, interfacing with news sites and offering redesigned breaking features to readers across the globe. Our mission is to offer individuals opportunities for connections with news writers and distributors which they can pursue. We operate by mapping articles pertaining to breaking news, constantly and progressively, against a pre-determined word-based theme, offering important connections to readers and clients, as well as distributers. Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Fractovia.org Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@fractovia.org Website: www.fractovia.org This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Interleukin Genetics Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial Results Next PostNext Degreed Enhances Targeted Development™ Capabilities to Help Employers Close Skill Gaps Via Personalized, Mobile Learning Experiences Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Democrat Just Misses Victory in Georgia House Race By JONATHAN MARTIN and RICHARD FAUSSET 2:41 AM ET Jon Ossoff had hoped to avert a runoff by energizing liberals in a district that had not elected a Democrat since the Carter years. The race was seen as an early referendum on President Trump. He will face Karen Handel, the top Republican vote-getter, in a June runoff. Analysis From Times Reporters O’Reilly’s Future at Fox Dims as Support of Murdochs Erodes By EMILY STEEL, MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT and JIM RUTENBERG 10:50 PM ET Bill O’Reilly’s fate is expected to be discussed at a company board meeting this week, as another woman has accused him of sexual harassment and protests grew larger outside Fox’s offices in Manhattan.  Comments Carrier Wasn’t Sailing to Deter North Korea By MARK LANDLER and ERIC SCHMITT 9:02 PM ET The White House declared that ordering an American aircraft carrier into the Sea of Japan would be a powerful deterrent to North Korea. Except that the carrier was sailing in the opposite direction.  Comments Trump Signs Order That Could Curb Foreign Workers By GLENN THRUSH, NICK WINGFIELD and VINDU GOEL 9:04 PM ET The president said the executive order was a way to end the “theft of American prosperity,” which he said had been brought on by low-wage immigrant labor. How Trump’s Order May Affect Tech Worker Visas More in Politics Trump Raised $107 Million for Inauguration, Doubling Record New York Politicians Offer Tax Returns and Pokes at Trump British Leader Calls for Election, Seeking a Boost for ‘Brexit’ By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May, announcing an early election on June 8, bet that voters would give her Conservative Party a strong mandate as her government negotiates Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union.  Comments What Is a Snap Election and What Would Follow? Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Op-Docs: Season 6 Video by EMILY SHESKIN. Photo by Emily Sheskin Jesselyn “Jesszilla” Silva is only 10 years old, but she’s already in the ring and has her heart set on the Olympics. Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 9:45 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Europe Edition Your Wednesday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:34 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ What did we learn about the newest member of the Supreme Court, Justice Neil Gorsuch, from his first day on the job? Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Sketch Guy Sometimes, Spending Brings a Bigger Return Than Saving By CARL RICHARDS We all get that nagging feeling that the money we want to spend on someone and something we love should be saved instead. Here’s a counterargument. The New Health Care Birth Control Causes Depression? Not So Fast By AARON E. CARROLL Even if there were a connection with hormone-based contraception, the benefits might outweigh any risks.  Comments Ivanka Trump Brand Poses Ethical Issues for New Post By DANNY HAKIM and RACHEL ABRAMS The president’s daughter, now a White House adviser, has filed 173 foreign trademarks in 21 countries, as well as in Hong Kong and the European Union. Facebook Murder Suspect Kills Himself, Police Say By RICHARD PÉREZ-PEÑA, CHRISTOPHER MELE and SERGE F. KOVALESKI Steve Stephens shot himself when Pennsylvania State Police were attempting to pull him over, a police spokeswoman said. The Social Network Is Facing Criticism for ‘Horrific Crime’ Facebook Is Bedeviled by a Murder Posted on Its Site Etan Patz’s Killer Given 25 Years to Life in Prison By JAMES C. McKINLEY Jr. The sentencing of Pedro Hernandez, who was found guilty of the 1979 kidnapping and murder, brings to a close a case that confounded investigators for decades. The Interpreter How Autocrats Can Triumph in Democratic Countries By AMANDA TAUB Unscrupulous leaders can manipulate the political environment, making it more likely that they will win future contests and gain false legitimacy. Videos Fuel Charges of Fraud in Tight Turkish Vote As Zeal for China Dims, Global Firms Air Grievances By SUI-LEE WEE 12:01 AM ET Though they still fear retaliation, international companies are escalating their behind-the-scenes rhetoric as China becomes a more difficult business environment. Inmate Sues Crime Magazine for Labeling Him a ‘Rat’ By ALAN FEUER Russell Allen says he was considered “a rat” because of an error by Don Diva magazine, suffering death threats, solitary confinement and being disowned by his family. Mark Your Calendar: Tribeca Film Festival, Day by Day By MIKE HALE To plan your itinerary, here are movies, talks and events, from a documentary on Gilbert Gottfried to “The Godfather.” The Daily 360 0:46 Dinner With a Dung Beetle Sam Wolson for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Two Russian Bombers Fly Near Alaska, and U.S. Scrambles Jets Hungary Detains Migrants Behind Razor-Wire Fences No U.S. Statement on Damage Done by ‘Mother of All Bombs’ 2 Held in France Over Plot to Disrupt Election Judge Rules Auburn Must Let Richard Spencer Speak The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Bach ‘Demands Everything of You’ Alisa Weilerstein, set to perform all six of Bach’s solo cello suites in a single concert on Saturday, chooses her favorite page of the score. Los Angeles Has America’s Most Important Orchestra Our critic finds that an inspiring leader has left the Los Angeles Philharmonic in peerless artistic shape. Book Review: Why Democrats Should Fight In “This Fight Is Our Fight,” Elizabeth Warren offers a manifesto for the Democratic resistance to President Trump. The Opinion Pages Editorial Mr. Trump Plays by His Own Rules (or No Rules) The president and his administration are fostering a culture of self-enrichment and self-dealing.  Comments Brooks: How to Leave a Mark on People Leonhardt: You’re Too Busy. You Need a ‘Shultz Hour.’ Collins and Labash: The Best Two Weeks of Trump’s First 100 Days? Join us on Facebook » My Daughter Is Not Transgender. She’s a Tomboy. By LISA SELIN DAVIS 10:05 PM ET She has short hair and doesn’t like princesses, so adults keep asking if she wants to be a boy. Can’t she just be who she is?  Comments What Happens When Women Legislate America Is Losing the Credibility War What’s Next After the Referendum? User Subscriptions Copy Edit This! Quiz No. 5 Reporter’s Personal Connection to the Story She Wrote About Modern Italian ‘Slavery’ Times Insider » Copy Edit This! Quiz No. 5 The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Books ‘Book of Snobs’ Updates the Science of Social Cues Opinion What’s Next After Turkey’s Referendum? Pro Football N.F.L. Is Awash in Gambling Contradictions Food Become a Disciple of Duck Wings Opinion When Veterans Protested the Vietnam War N.Y. / Region Chapel That Survived Sept. 11 May Close Magazine America’s New ‘Anxiety’ Disorder Opinion India’s Lethal Race Problem Times Insider The (Other) Other Side of Chris Christie Magazine The Bureau of Resistance Opinion When Hate Leads to Depression Sometimes the physical impact of a hate crime is just the beginning. Fashion & Beauty This Designer Wants You to Transform Her Clothes Sections World » Criticism of Beijing’s North Korea Policy Comes From Unlikely Place: China The Interpreter: How Autocrats Can Triumph in Democratic Countries Theresa May Calls for New Election in Britain, Seeking Stronger ‘Brexit’ Mandate Business Day » Bill O’Reilly’s Future at Fox Grows Dim as the Murdochs’ Support Erodes As Zeal for China Dims, Global Companies Complain More Boldly Trump Signs Order That Could Lead to Curbs on Foreign Workers Opinion » Op-Docs: Girl Boxer Editorial: Democracy Loses in Turkey David Brooks: How to Leave a Mark on People U.S. » Jon Ossoff, a Democrat, Narrowly Misses Outright Win in Georgia House Race In Arkansas, a Tempered Victory for Death Penalty Opponents Chemist’s Misconduct Is Likely to Void 20,000 Massachusetts Drug Cases Technology » Trump Signs Order That Could Lead to Curbs on Foreign Workers How Trump’s ‘Hire American’ Order May Affect Tech Worker Visas Mark Zuckerberg Sees Augmented Reality Ecosystem in Facebook Arts » A Word With: Steve Martin on Teaching You (and Himself) How to Be a Comedian ‘Indecent’ Pays Heartfelt Tribute to a Stage Scandal Los Angeles Has America’s Most Important Orchestra. Period. Politics » Jon Ossoff, a Democrat, Narrowly Misses Outright Win in Georgia House Race Ad by Pro-Trump Group Attacks the Club for Growth Trump Raised $107 Million for Inauguration, Doubling Record Fashion & Style » This Doctor Will See You Now (if You’re a Star With a Pimple) On the Runway: Dressing the Part: Melania Trump at the White House Easter Egg Roll Up Next: The Rising Art World Star Behind ‘Black Dada’ Movies » Mark Your Calendar: The Tribeca Film Festival, Day by Day A Word With: After a Half-Century in Music, Clive Davis Is Still in Love ‘Fate of the Furious’ Slows at Home but Roars Overseas New York » Pedro Hernandez Gets 25 Years to Life in Murder of Etan Patz A Mayor Raises Questions by Refusing to Take Any Chapel That Survived Sept. 11 Attacks May Not Survive Rent Increase Sports » Cameroonian Siblings Find a New Interest (Tennis) in a New Land Rangers 2, Canadiens 1 | Series tied, 2-2: The Rangers Finally Win a Playoff Game at Home As It Embraces Las Vegas, N.F.L. Is Awash in Gambling Contradictions Theater » ‘Indecent’ Pays Heartfelt Tribute to a Stage Scandal Kevin Spacey Is to Host the Tony Awards The First Time: Lynn Nottage: The First Time I Truly Faced My Fear of Driving Science » Scientists and Activists Look Beyond the March for Science The March for Science: Why Some Are Going, and Some Will Sit Out Out There: ‘Genius’ Unravels the Mysteries of Einstein’s Universe Obituaries » Sylvia Moy, Songwriter Who Worked With Stevie Wonder, Dies at 78 Allan Holdsworth, Virtuoso Guitarist, Dies at 70 Frederick Borsch, Bishop Who Worked to Empower Minorities, Dies at 81 Television » Review: ‘Fargo’ Sees Double in a Setting That’s Now Familiar Review: 3 Anniversary Programs Look at Los Angeles in Flames Watching: Margaret’s 5 TV Shows to Watch This Week Health » A California Court for Young Adults Calls on Science Personal Health: The Cost of Not Taking Your Medicine The Checkup: Too Clean for Our Children’s Good? Travel » Frugal Traveler: Which Travel Search Site Is Best? It Depends on Your Goals Trending: Heavy Snow Means Excellent Rafting on Western Rivers Harlem’s French Renaissance Books » Books of The Times: ‘The New Book of Snobs’ Updates the Shifting Science of Social Cues Books of The Times: ‘Shattered’ Charts Hillary Clinton’s Course Into the Iceberg Nonfiction: Elizabeth Warren Lays Out the Reasons Democrats Should Keep Fighting Education » Loans ‘Designed to Fail’: States Say Navient Preyed on Students Voices of Navient’s Borrowers: ‘The Biggest Mistake of My Life’ Ex-Professor Says Dismissed Racketeering Case Is Still ‘Devastating’ Food » A Day in the Life of a Food Vendor Red, Ripe and Renegade: Berries That Break All the Rules The Chef: Cooking Got Barbara Lynch Out of South Boston, and Brought Her Back Sunday Review » Roger Cohen: France in the End of Days Opinion: Why You Should Read Books You Hate Editorial: Mr. Trump’s 10-Second Convictions Real Estate » Renters: In Queens, a Rent-Stabilized Family Compound Razing the Hamptons Ask Real Estate: Plumbing Problems The Upshot » Public Health: Bare Market: What Happens if Places Have No Obamacare Insurers? Political Calculus: Georgia Election: Expect the Early Vote Count to Be Misleading Unfriendly Skies: How Much Would You Put Up With to Avoid United Airlines? Magazine » The Climate Issue: Is It O.K. to Tinker With the Environment to Fight Climate Change? The Climate Issue: When Rising Seas Transform Risk Into Certainty First Words: America’s New ‘Anxiety’ Disorder Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Favorite S.U.V.s, From Most Affordable to Luxurious Bigger, Faster, More Lavish: Americans Crave S.U.V.s, and Carmakers Oblige G.M. Takes a Back Seat to Tesla as America’s Most Valued Carmaker T Magazine » Back in the U.S.S.R.: Russia’s Fashion Resurgence The Story of a Thing: A Singer’s Prized Place for Letters — and Photographs Elegant Pastel Earrings That Welcome Spring Times Insider » A New Act for Health Care Coverage What We’re Reading The (Other) Other Side of Chris Christie Real Estate » The High End Condo Project at Former Hospital Site Moves Forward in Brooklyn By C.J. HUGHES After a bitter negotiation, a new condominium development begins selling its first units in Cobble Hill, where the Long Island College Hospital used to be. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Cancel Subscription Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Traditional banks outshine Goldman in 1Q fixed-income trading Conference In|Vest Remaining cautious on energy credits at Hancock Holding Mortgage income provides boost to Fulton Financial's quarterly results Rise in consumer loans soothes the pain of a C&I slowdown search goes here Traditional banks outshine Goldman in 1Q fixed-income trading Published April 18 2017, 8:33am EDT More in Earnings Fixed income Wealth management Lloyd Blankfein Goldman Sachs Bank of America Citigroup JPMorgan Chase Print Email Share Share on Goldman Sachs Group reported the smallest increase in fixed-income trading among peers that have reported first-quarter results, citing weaker interest from clients in commodities and currencies. The surprise results contrast with reports from Goldman Sachs’s three bigger competitors. Bank of America said Tuesday that its trading revenue climbed 29%, while JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup last week reported revenue from that business exceeded estimates. “The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses,” CEO Lloyd Blankfein said in describing first-quarter results. Bloomberg News Goldman’s revenue from bond trading climbed 1% to $1.69 billion, the New York-based company said in a news release Tuesday. Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg estimated $2.03 billion. Shares of the company slid 2.2% to $221.21 in early trading at 7:44 a.m. in New York. The stock had dropped 5.5% this year through Monday. “The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses,” CEO Lloyd Blankfein said in the release. However, its net income almost doubled to $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share, from $1.14 billion, or $2.68 a share a year earlier. The average estimate of 17 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg was for adjusted earnings of $5.34 a share. Companywide revenue rose 27% to $8.03 billion, compared with the $8.33 billion average estimate of analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Expenses increased 15 percent to $5.49 billion. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Bank of America profits jump, helped by interest rates - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map THE INVESTIGATORS: Texas contractor skips out on Baton Rouge home repairs WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Bank of America profits jump, helped by interest rates 2017-04-18T17:54:48Z2017-04-18T17:54:48Z (AP Photo/Chuck Burton). In this Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo, a man uses a Bank of America ATM near the company's headquarters in Charlotte, N.C. Bank of America Corporation reports earnings Tuesday, April 18, 2017. By KEN SWEET AP Business Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Bank of America's first quarter profits grew nearly 40 percent, the bank said Tuesday, helped by higher interest rates as well as a strong performance in its investment banking division. The Charlotte, North Carolina-based consumer banking giant reported net income of $4.86 billion, compared with $3.47 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Bank of America earned 41 cents per share, beating the 35 cents that analysts were looking for. "The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that," BofA's CEO Brian Moynihan said in a prepared statement. Like its major competitors, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo, Bank of America benefited from higher interest rates. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates once in December and again in March, which has allowed the big retail banks to charge more for their loans. The bank said it had net interest income of $11.06 billion, compared with $10.49 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank expects that if interest rates continue to move higher, Bank of America could see its net interest income grow by $3.3 billion over the next 12 months. Bank of America's investment and trading divisions, which includes Merrill Lynch, also had a strong quarter, in line with the bank's competitors. Global investment banking had net income of $1.73 billion compared with $1.09 billion in the same period a year earlier. Bank of America's desks did much better than Goldman Sachs, who also reported its results on Tuesday which missed analysts' expectations. Revenue from trading rose to $3.9 billion from $3.4 billion. Overall, Bank of America had revenue of $22.49 billion compared with $20.79 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank was able to keep its expenses flat as well, at $14.84 billion, which helped bolster the bank's bottom line. Bank of America's stock fell 31 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $22.47 in midday trading. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> White House cancels meeting to decide stance on climate pact White House cancels meeting to decide stance on climate pact Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:06 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:06:14 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:06 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:06:14 GMT Trump's top advisers are currently divided on the issue of whether or not the U.S. should remain part of the Paris Climate accord, with some, including Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt, eager for the U.S. to leave the deal. More >> Trump's top advisers are currently divided on the issue of whether or not the U.S. should remain part of the Paris Climate accord, with some, including Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt, eager for the U.S. to leave the deal.More >> High-profile Georgia congressional race heads to a runoff High-profile Georgia congressional race heads to a runoff Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:06 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:06:12 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:06 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:06:12 GMT A congressional election Tuesday in Georgia is the latest proxy between President Donald Trump and the opposition movement that loathes him. More >> A congressional election Tuesday in Georgia is the latest proxy between President Donald Trump and the opposition movement that loathes him.More >> The Latest: Georgia congressional race heads to runoff The Latest: Georgia congressional race heads to runoff Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:05:54 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:05:54 GMT Democrat Jon Ossoff has dropped below the majority vote he needs to avoid a runoff in Georgia's nationally watched special congressional election.More >> Democrat Jon Ossoff has dropped below the majority vote he needs to avoid a runoff in Georgia's nationally watched special congressional election.More >> Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Fresno shooter wanted to kill many white people, police say Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:05:01 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:05 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:05:01 GMT Police say a man shot and killed three people on the streets of downtown Fresno on Tuesday, shouting "God is great" in Arabic during at least one of the slayings and later telling police that he hates white people. More >> Police say a man shot and killed three people on the streets of downtown Fresno on Tuesday, shouting "God is great" in Arabic during at least one of the slayings and later telling police that he hates white people.More >> McDonald's order trips up Facebook slaying suspect McDonald's order trips up Facebook slaying suspect Posted: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:04:37 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:04 AM EDT2017-04-19 07:04:37 GMT Facebook slaying suspect Steve Stephens was undone by a 20-piece Chicken McNuggets and an order of fries.More >> Facebook slaying suspect Steve Stephens was undone by a 20-piece Chicken McNuggets and an order of fries.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Sessions plans crackdown on violent gangs, especially MS-13 Sessions plans crackdown on violent gangs, especially MS-13 Attorney General Jeff Sessions says the Justice Department will crack down on violent gangs More >> Attorney General Jeff Sessions says the Justice Department will crack down on violent gangsMore >> Documents highlight Prince's struggle with opioid addiction Documents highlight Prince's struggle with opioid addiction Before his death, Prince abused opioid pain pills, suffered withdrawal symptoms and received at least one opioid prescription under his bodyguard's name, according to search warrants and affidavits unsealed Monday More >> Before his death, Prince abused opioid pain pills, suffered withdrawal symptoms and received at least one opioid prescription under his bodyguard's name, according to search warrants and affidavits unsealed MondayMore >> The Latest: Vigil held for Facebook video shooting victim The Latest: Vigil held for Facebook video shooting victim A vigil has been held in Cleveland for the victim of a deadly shooting that was videotaped and then posted on Facebook More >> A vigil has been held in Cleveland for the victim of a deadly shooting that was videotaped and then posted on FacebookMore >> Trump talks tough on North Korea, says Kim 'gotta behave' Trump talks tough on North Korea, says Kim 'gotta behave' The White House displayed a tough and unyielding approach to North Korea and its nuclear ambitions Monday, with President Donald Trump warning that Kim Jong Un has "gotta behave" and Vice President Mike Pence advising Kim not to test America's resolve More >> The White House displayed a tough and unyielding approach to North Korea and its nuclear ambitions Monday, with President Donald Trump warning that Kim Jong Un has "gotta behave" and Vice President Mike Pence advising Kim not to test America's resolveMore >> Trump attacks lead Democrat in Georgia congressional race Trump attacks lead Democrat in Georgia congressional race President Donald Trump is attacking top Democratic House candidate running in a GOP-leaning Georgia congressional district More >> President Donald Trump is attacking top Democratic House candidate running in a GOP-leaning Georgia congressional districtMore >> Overcoming Opioids: The quest for less addictive drugs Overcoming Opioids: The quest for less addictive drugs With some 2 million Americans hooked on opioid painkillers, drug companies are racing to find alternatives to stem the epidemic More >> With some 2 million Americans hooked on opioid painkillers, drug companies are racing to find alternatives to stem the epidemicMore >> Trump: China, US working on 'North Korea problem' Trump: China, US working on 'North Korea problem' Trump, in a tweet, asserts China's help on "the North Korea problem.'' More >> Trump, in a tweet, asserts China's help on "the North Korea problem.''More >> Trump: China, US working on 'North Korea problem' Trump: China, US working on 'North Korea problem' Trump, in a tweet, asserts China's help on "the North Korea problem.'' More >> Trump, in a tweet, asserts China's help on "the North Korea problem.''More >> Pence meets with Alaska governor ahead of Asia trip Pence meets with Alaska governor ahead of Asia trip Vice President Mike Pence is meeting with Alaska Gov. Bill Walker ahead of the vice president's 10-day visit to the Asia-Pacific region More >> Vice President Mike Pence is meeting with Alaska Gov. Bill Walker ahead of the vice president's 10-day visit to the Asia-Pacific regionMore >> Manifesto-writing fugitive appears in federal court Manifesto-writing fugitive appears in federal court A Wisconsin fugitive accused of stealing an arsenal of firearms and sending an anti-government manifesto to the White House was arrested after a retired school counselor found him camping on his property More >> A Wisconsin fugitive accused of stealing an arsenal of firearms and sending an anti-government manifesto to the White House was arrested after a retired school counselor found him camping on his propertyMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Jean-Luc Mélenchon barges way into tight French presidential race Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Le Pen steps up anti-immigration rhetoric ahead of French election US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Trump moves to push ‘Hire American’ agenda Trump congratulates Erdogan on controversial referendum victory Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Weetabix to be sold to US group Post Holdings for $1.76bn Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya faces extradition after London arrest Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election The market indicators to watch in France’s presidential election Pound leaps to 10-week higher after UK snap election plan Active fund managers can add value but price is still too high Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe May is the most culturally conservative leader since Thatcher London’s housing crisis is abetted by illicit funds Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub The best advice for parents at the start of term Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television London life: what should you give to ‘homeless’ people? We’re going on an au pair hunt Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times BofA profits rise 40% as post-crisis earnings rebound continues Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 46° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Showers early. Tonight A few showers early, then clear overnight. Low 37F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 30%. Updated: April 18, 2017 @ 5:13 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Breaking UPDATE: Serious injuries in Blaine Co. school bus rollover, police say Close Chuck Burton In this Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo, a man uses a Bank of America ATM near the company's headquarters in Charlotte, N.C. Bank of America Corporation reports earnings Tuesday, April 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton) AP Bank of America profits jump, helped by interest rates By KEN SWEET AP Business Writer Apr 18, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago 0 Chuck Burton In this Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo, a man uses a Bank of America ATM near the company's headquarters in Charlotte, N.C. Bank of America Corporation reports earnings Tuesday, April 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton) NEW YORK (AP) — Bank of America's first quarter profits grew nearly 40 percent, the bank said Tuesday, helped by higher interest rates as well as a strong performance in its investment banking division. The Charlotte, North Carolina-based consumer banking giant reported net income of $4.86 billion, compared with $3.47 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Bank of America earned 41 cents per share, beating the 35 cents that analysts were looking for. "The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that," BofA's CEO Brian Moynihan said in a prepared statement. Like its major competitors, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo, Bank of America benefited from higher interest rates. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates once in December and again in March, which has allowed the big retail banks to charge more for their loans. The bank said it had net interest income of $11.06 billion, compared with $10.49 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank expects that if interest rates continue to move higher, Bank of America could see its net interest income grow by $3.3 billion over the next 12 months. Bank of America's investment and trading divisions, which includes Merrill Lynch, also had a strong quarter, in line with the bank's competitors. Global investment banking had net income of $1.73 billion compared with $1.09 billion in the same period a year earlier. Bank of America's desks did much better than Goldman Sachs, who also reported its results on Tuesday which missed analysts' expectations. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Revenue from trading rose to $3.9 billion from $3.4 billion. Overall, Bank of America had revenue of $22.49 billion compared with $20.79 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank was able to keep its expenses flat as well, at $14.84 billion, which helped bolster the bank's bottom line. Bank of America's stock fell 31 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $22.47 in midday trading. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business Earnings Estimates Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Earnings Reports × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Latest in section Live video feed that showed giraffe birth to be taken down Firm says it will stop operating Topeka hospital this summer Yahoo bows out as public company with revenue shrinking Trump targets visa program he says hurts American workers Kansas grocery stores will start selling full-strength beer More on this topic Live video feed that showed giraffe birth to be taken down Firm says it will stop operating Topeka hospital this summer Yahoo bows out as public company with revenue shrinking Trump targets visa program he says hurts American workers Kansas grocery stores will start selling full-strength beer Most Popular Coroner: Death at Twin Falls sporting goods store was suicide FBI steps in to help with 1995 Burley murder Obituary: Kelsey Rae Park Top national lawyer joins $10 million Dietrich civil suit UPDATE: 1 dead, 3 injured in I-84 crash between Burley and Twin Falls Most Commented Inside Politics: Hangovers, Coffee, and Lemonade(13) Top national lawyer joins $10 million Dietrich civil suit(8) Reader comment: An alternative perspective on climate change(6) Idaho lawmakers challenge veto of grocery sales tax repeal(5) TFPD investigated sexual abuse claims before hiring officer accused of assaulting girls(4) Business Directory Latest Local Offers Kiwi Loco Celebrate your birthday with Kiwi Loco! Click here for details! Updated Apr 12, 2017 Gem State Roofing Gem State Roofing offers discounts to all senior citizens! Call us today to schedule your free estimate! 208-941-4579 Updated Apr 12, 2017 Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Health-med-fit Ranking fast food chains from most to least calories Health-med-fit The 51 countries with the highest diabetes rates Southern Idaho Entertainment Ranking the best sports movies of all time Sarah Michelle Gellar still has awesome skills with a skewer Blown leads, 11 OTs and surprises abound in NHL first round For Tribeca film fest, a new political moment to reconcile Business and politics stoke record sales of Ivanka's brand Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Goldman Sachs and Bank of America see profits jump 18 April 2017 From the section Business These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-39630869 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Reuters Image caption Bank of America is one of the largest banks in the US Two major US banks have reported increased profits for the first quarter of the year, amid higher interest rates and an energy sector rebound. Profits at Bank of America were $4.35bn (£3.44bn), up 44% from the same period in 2016, with gains across its major divisions. Goldman Sachs profits rose 80% from a year earlier to $2.2bn. But the firm disappointed analysts with a decline in revenues from institutional investors. Shares in Goldman Sachs fell more than 3% after the market opened. Goldman chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said: "The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses and a more attractive backdrop for underwriting in our investment banking franchise." Goldman said revenue in the January to March period was about $8bn. Investment banking revenue rose 16%, but its institutional client services unit - the largest division by revenue - declined 2% from the 2016 first quarter. Total costs at the bank increased by 15%, driven by higher pay. At Bank of America, gains in the global banking unit helped to boost profits in the January-to-March period. The division's net income was $1.7bn, rising 58% year-on-year due to record investment banking fees. Total revenue increased 7% to $22.2bn. "The US economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that," chief executive Brian Moynihan said. Bank of America, which serves some 46 million households, last year was hurt by losses related to property and the energy industry in the first quarter. Those have declined, but the firm said it saw an uptick in credit card losses from the end of 2016. Related Topics Banking Goldman Sachs Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story JP Morgan and Citi quarterly profit helped by higher rates 13 April 2017 Federal Reserve to let US economy 'coast' - Yellen 11 April 2017 Top Stories MPs' vote set to trigger snap election Theresa May's surprise call for a vote on 8 June needs the backing of at least two-thirds of MPs. 19 April 2017 Man wanted over nightclub acid attack 18 April 2017 US gunman kills three 'in race attack' 19 April 2017 Features 'Living at home with my dead father' Video My dad, Charlie Chaplin Video Footage reveals hidden whale world Analysis: Brexit deadline a specific factor for PM Do snap elections mean bigger majorities? Virgin Money boss on battling depression Video 'My life on death row is like twilight zone' Serving up a different kind of export Reality Check: What are the polls saying? News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 77° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low near 60F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 18, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Chuck Burton In this Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo, a man uses a Bank of America ATM near the company's headquarters in Charlotte, N.C. Bank of America Corporation reports earnings Tuesday, April 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton) AP Bank of America profits jump, helped by interest rates By KEN SWEET AP Business Writer 8 hrs ago (…) Chuck Burton In this Thursday, April 13, 2017, photo, a man uses a Bank of America ATM near the company's headquarters in Charlotte, N.C. Bank of America Corporation reports earnings Tuesday, April 18, 2017. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton) NEW YORK (AP) — Bank of America's first quarter profits grew nearly 40 percent, the bank said Tuesday, helped by higher interest rates as well as a strong performance in its investment banking division. The Charlotte, North Carolina-based consumer banking giant reported net income of $4.86 billion, compared with $3.47 billion in the same period a year earlier. On a per-share basis, Bank of America earned 41 cents per share, beating the 35 cents that analysts were looking for. "The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that," BofA's CEO Brian Moynihan said in a prepared statement. Like its major competitors, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo, Bank of America benefited from higher interest rates. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates once in December and again in March, which has allowed the big retail banks to charge more for their loans. The bank said it had net interest income of $11.06 billion, compared with $10.49 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank expects that if interest rates continue to move higher, Bank of America could see its net interest income grow by $3.3 billion over the next 12 months. Bank of America's investment and trading divisions, which includes Merrill Lynch, also had a strong quarter, in line with the bank's competitors. Global investment banking had net income of $1.73 billion compared with $1.09 billion in the same period a year earlier. Bank of America's desks did much better than Goldman Sachs, who also reported its results on Tuesday which missed analysts' expectations. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Who's hired? Check our People in Business Revenue from trading rose to $3.9 billion from $3.4 billion. Overall, Bank of America had revenue of $22.49 billion compared with $20.79 billion in the same period a year earlier. The bank was able to keep its expenses flat as well, at $14.84 billion, which helped bolster the bank's bottom line. Bank of America's stock fell 31 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $22.47 in midday trading. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wire Business Earnings Estimates Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Earnings Reports Locations Charlotte North Carolina United States North America View (…) comments Most popular Buyers struggle to find homes in red-hot St. Louis housing market Chesterfield mobile home residents might have to move as apartment developers eye suburb In unusual vote, St. Louis TIF Commission holds up downtown hotel project Meat bonanza: Beef boom to mean lower steak and burger prices Joplin's post-tornado TIF faces whirlwind of criticism Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Republic Services asks court to keep protesters from blocking landfill entrances City officials hope to reopen Kingshighway bridge around end of month Yahoo bows out as public company with revenue shrinking Trump orders review of visa program to encourage hiring Americans PetSmart to buy Chewy.com, and the price fetched may be eye-popping Quick links Columnists David Nicklaus Gas prices People in Business Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces $1.00 for Sunday Delivery Tickets on sale now for the 2017 Women of Achievement Luncheon. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 Narendra Modi News Money FTSE set for worst fall since Brexit aftermath after election called Shares0 Tue, 18 Apr 2017-05:04pm , Reuters British shares headed for their worst day's drop since the aftermath of the Brexit referendum last June, after Prime Minister Theresa May said she would call an early election. The FTSE 100 dropped 1.6 percent to its lowest in more than seven weeks as sterling inched higher, further weighing on the index's stocks, most of which get earnings in foreign currencies. All but one of the blue-chip stocks were in the red. Britain's May called for an early election on June 8, saying it was the only way to guarantee political stability for years ahead as Britain negotiates its way out of the European Union . "If we have a stronger government pushing for a 'hard' Brexit, markets won't like that. But on the positive side, you would have more stable government for the UK," said David Stubbs, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Financial markets have clearly rendered their judgment of [the Brexit process] through sterling," he said. "Loss of single-market access, if it happens, necessitated a cheaper currency, that's the calculation markets made." Sterling's weakness combined with stronger-than-expected fundamental economic data had pushed the index to record highs in the past months. Investors can expect significant volatility in sterling over the six weeks until the election as polls indicated levels of support for the governing Conservatives, Stubbs said. Traders said the election could eventually lead to a stronger sterling if May's majority was strengthened and policy became more predictable. Lower metals and crude-oil prices were already weighing on the commodities-heavy index before May's announcement. Mining companies Anglo American, Glencore, Antofagasta, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton dropped as Chinese iron ore futures fell to three-month lows, with oversupply worries weighing on steel prices. Oil major BP was also a top faller, down 2.8 percent as the price of crude fell. Brent crude reached an 11-day low after a U.S. government report indicated rising production . Mid caps and small caps outperformed the blue chips, falling 0.9 and 0.3 percent respectively but holding near record highs reached in the last trading session. "I think people have been pleasantly surprised by how sanguine companies' management teams have been," said Ian Williams, economist and strategy analyst at Peel Hunt. "In the last six weeks, the mood of companies presenting has been much more optimistic, and people are asking whether some of the risk has been priced in already." The top fallers on the mid-cap index were all commodity-linked stocks, led by iron ore pellet producer Ferrexpo, down 5.2 percent, and miner Evraz, down 6.3 percent. Among the few risers in mid- and small-cap stocks were shipping services providers James Fisher and Braemar Shipping Services, up 2.4 and 3.3 percent. Emerging markets-focused fund manager Ashmore was down 2 percent, despite earlier posting net inflows for the first time in nearly three years, as investors turned back to developing regions. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Caught and bailed: Here's how Vijay Mallya led an extravagant life Money SIP, STP and SWP for long-term returns Money Kingfisher Airlines crashed on poor decision, recall experts Money How Snapdeal can get out of Snapchat crossfire Money RInfra, Veolia to extend partnership beyond Mumbai Metro Money 'Mallya wanted to be a King of everything' Next Article > Yogi Adityanath govt has started showing results already: BJP Next node Yogi Adityanath govt has started showing results already: BJP Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags David Stubbs Theresa May Antofagasta Ashmore BHP Billiton European Union Evraz Glencore UK Britain Anglo American Ian Williams JP Morgan Asset Management James Fisher Peel Hunt Rio Tinto U. S. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News UN panel raises questions over military courts in Pakistan British lawmakers set to approve PM May's June 8 election plan Syria evacuations resume days after bombing -state media, war monitor Turkey's electoral board will evaluate complaints on referendum on Wednesday - NTV Amarinder orders crackdown on sex determination centres Sport Another blow for Bayern Munich as keeper Manuel Neuer suffers broken foot Tennis-Fit-again Murray eyes first Monte Carlo final Australia planning Bangladesh tour, says Bangladesh Cricket Board official Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, April 19 Australia planning Bangladesh tour, says Bangladesh Cricket Board official Entertainment 'Thor: Ragnarok' director Taika Waititi to play Korg in film FIRST poster of Salman Khan's 'Tubelight' is OUT NOW! You CAN'T miss Pooja Bhatt's reply to Sonu Nigam's azaan rant! Alec Baldwin to replace Robert Osborne as The Essentials host Janet Jackson's creative director speaks out on divorce Money China relaxes some cross-border capital flow curbs - sources Silver prices fall by Rs 288 in futures trade on global cues R Sridhar joins IndoStar Capital as Executive VC, CEO Nickel prices rise 0.26% in futures trade as demand picks up Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad FTSE set for worst fall since Brexit aftermath after election called By Reuters Published: 07:29 EDT, 18 April 2017 | Updated: 07:29 EDT, 18 April 2017 e-mail By Helen Reid LONDON, April 18 (Reuters) - British shares headed for their worst day's drop since the aftermath of the Brexit referendum last June, after Prime Minister Theresa May said she would call an early election. The FTSE 100 dropped 1.6 percent to its lowest in more than seven weeks as sterling inched higher, further weighing on the index's stocks, most of which get earnings in foreign currencies. All but one of the blue-chip stocks were in the red. Britain's May called for an early election on June 8, saying it was the only way to guarantee political stability for years ahead as Britain negotiates its way out of the European Union . "If we have a stronger government pushing for a 'hard' Brexit, markets won't like that. But on the positive side, you would have more stable government for the UK," said David Stubbs, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Financial markets have clearly rendered their judgment of [the Brexit process] through sterling," he said. "Loss of single-market access, if it happens, necessitated a cheaper currency, that's the calculation markets made." Sterling's weakness combined with stronger-than-expected fundamental economic data had pushed the index to record highs in the past months. Investors can expect significant volatility in sterling over the six weeks until the election as polls indicated levels of support for the governing Conservatives, Stubbs said. Traders said the election could eventually lead to a stronger sterling if May's majority was strengthened and policy became more predictable. Lower metals and crude-oil prices were already weighing on the commodities-heavy index before May's announcement. Mining companies Anglo American, Glencore, Antofagasta, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton dropped as Chinese iron ore futures fell to three-month lows, with oversupply worries weighing on steel prices. Oil major BP was also a top faller, down 2.8 percent as the price of crude fell. Brent crude reached an 11-day low after a U.S. government report indicated rising production . Mid caps and small caps outperformed the blue chips, falling 0.9 and 0.3 percent respectively but holding near record highs reached in the last trading session. "I think people have been pleasantly surprised by how sanguine companies' management teams have been," said Ian Williams, economist and strategy analyst at Peel Hunt. "In the last six weeks, the mood of companies presenting has been much more optimistic, and people are asking whether some of the risk has been priced in already." The top fallers on the mid-cap index were all commodity-linked stocks, led by iron ore pellet producer Ferrexpo, down 5.2 percent, and miner Evraz, down 6.3 percent. Among the few risers in mid- and small-cap stocks were shipping services providers James Fisher and Braemar Shipping Services, up 2.4 and 3.3 percent. Emerging markets-focused fund manager Ashmore was down 2 percent, despite earlier posting net inflows for the first time in nearly three years, as investors turned back to developing regions. (Reporting by Helen Reid; Editing by Larry King) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS TOWIE star Ferne McCann urges boyfriend Arthur Collins to turn himself in 'immediately' over nightclub acid attack  Shock revelations  EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Bumping along! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley goes braless for 30th birthday at Soho House with 49-year-old fiancé Jason Statham 'I'm surrounded by people I like to be with': Victoria Beckham reveals she 'doesn't have a lot friends' due to her busy career... but never feels lonely Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL' Yes, you can wear black and white and flat shoes to a wedding! How to be the best dressed guest this season  SPONSORED 'It's totally ridiculous': Peter Andre 'furious with ex-wife Katie Price after she claimed Princess, 9, and Junior, 11, love that they divorced' Someone eats their Leftovers! Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in vest after getting pumped at gym Pump it up!  I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills Back from Coachella 'We are worried about Rob': Kardashian sisters watch their brother's back while Blac Chyna threatens split in KUWTK sneak peek Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born Things got steamy Kris Jenner's fake home used in Keeping Up With The Kardashians hits the market for $9 million  The 61-year-old momager is not moving house  'All the problems were down to drink and drugs': Stephanie Davis shares snap with son Caben... amid claims she 'wants to wed Jeremy McConnell' 'That was out of the Blue!?' Lee Ryan wins praise for EastEnders debut as 'Woody' Woodward... yet some viewers are baffled by 'random' introduction A piercing look! Bella Thorne shows off her nipple bar in see-through lingerie top in sizzling social media The racy actress shared an eyeful Frilly in florals! Rose Byrne strikes an elegant pose on the red carpet for premiere of Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks Among the cavalcade of stars Creaming it! Catherine Zeta-Jones dons creme three-piece with lacy low-cut top for Feud event in New York City The cream of the crop  Daddy's little girl! Chris Hemsworth makes hearts melt as he lavishes attention on sweet daughter India Rose during a day at the playground SPOILER ALERT: 'The littlest thing would spark an argument': Nathan Massey reappears on TOWIE as he confirms it's 'over' with Cara De La Hoyde    Megan McKenna tries to make amends with Pete Wicks with an emotional phone call on TOWIE... following THAT explosive row in the street Mel B sports heart-shaped pink specs as she removes laptop and heaps of files from lawyer's office in midst of messy Stephen Belafonte divorce Birthday babe! Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap 'After the last guy... deffo girls!' Bisexual Marnie Simpson reveals doomed romance with love rat ex Lewis Bloor has swayed her towards dating women  'Shopping in my daughter's closet!' Yolanda Hadid twins with Gigi as she borrows her color block Versace jacket for day out In her modeling footsteps Golden girl! Rosario Dawson shows off her toned legs in split gown at Unforgettable premiere She plays new trophy wife Unforgettable Showstopper! Katherine Heigl looks sensational in figure-hugging dress at Unforgettable premiere in Hollywood White goddess 'Birthday suit!': Kourtney Kardashian shares naked pool picture to celebrate turning 38 Embraced body confidence SPOILER ALERT: Emmerdale viewers set for a shock as Rhona Goskirk is raped by new husband Pierce Harris on their wedding night Chilling  Attack of the klones! Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian look identical (thanks to the cosmetic surgeon) in new topless teaser for make-up collaboration 'Bump coming along!' Missé Beqiri sparks pregnancy speculation in snap with beau Jake Hall... as followers note her 'massive boobs' Reality worlds collide She sheer is confident! Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill flashes her knickers in see-through black leggings She certainly knows how to model underwear 'How am I supposed to hate him!': Fans can't help but swoon over actor Chris Mason... despite playing horrific rapist Leo Humphries in hit drama Broadchurch Lacy lady! Rebel Wilson wears a one-piece swimsuit and lace kaftan as she enjoys Palm Springs poolside after catch up with Hugh Sheridan 'I love how close we were': Kim Kardashian shares throwback video to mark Kourtney's 38th birthday The 36-year-old star shared a flashback  Crystal Palace chair Steve Parish to join Dragon's Den alongside Jenny Campbell... after Sarah Willingham quit due to husband's cancer scare  Born to smile! Makeup free Delta Goodrem shows off her toned pins in a pair of tight leggings following sweaty workout Peace and love 'Let them roam free': Braless Sam Faiers drives her fans wild as she flaunts her ample assets in extreme plunging caged jumpsuit and perspex heels  She should have brought the palm leaves: Braless Sinitta makes a boob in see-through top to judge £3k talent show in London bar 'You made my day!': Faith Hill surprises adorable young fan who sings a duet with the country superstar Took time out of her busy tour schedule  'I'll always keep trying': Proud Vicky Pattison shares incredible transformation photo on Instagram... after a lengthy battle with her fitness and weight Keira Knightley returns to Pirates Of The Caribbean after ten years as she makes fleeting appearance in exciting new trailer for the fifth installment She's a natural! Youthful Elsa Pataky, 40, steps out in a sexy backless floral frock as ambassador for L'Oréal's Botanical hair care range 'Summer needs to hurry up!': Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shares throwback snap of herself flaunting her fabulous figure in strapless bikini   Surf's up! Camille Grammer, 48, parades her knock-out body on the beach while on vacation in Hawaii Ex-wife of Frasier star Kelsey  It's in the jeans! Model Jessica Gomes cuts a casual figure in double denim as she steps out in Los Angeles Recently launched her beauty range That's a Cole lot of leg! Lily shows off her pins in shirt as she gets cosy with Inbetweenera' Simon Bird for The Philanthropist play Diana and Sir Elton WEREN'T close, claims Wayne Sleep: Ballet star says Candle In The Wind singer didn't know the Princess that well Harper, 5, and Romeo Beckham, 14, surprise their 'happy' mum Victoria with a birthday cake and a singalong at her SoulCycle exercise class in LA SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's grooming story takes another dark turn as Bethany is raped by Nathan's friend... and Lucy Fallon admits her dad can't watch 'I drew a line in the sand': Jessica Chastain says she demands to know salaries of her male costars before agreeing to a role 'Hills' baby boom!' Whitney Port talks 'difficult' pregnancy as she praises fellow MTV castmates as 'responsible adults' Baby, it's cold outside! Reese Witherspoon wraps up in a big black coat as she steps out in NYC Celebrated Easter in Los Angeles Summer babe! Home And Away star Pia Miller shows off flawless bikini body poolside as she soaks up the sun in LA 'Perfect!' Rande Gerber shares swimwear snap of wife Cindy Crawford as they mark the end of Coachella music festival The 51-year-old sunned her famous physique  'How did Hannah give birth to a black baby?' Girls under fire over casting of Lena Dunham's child in finale episode EXCLUSIVE: Back to work! Meghan Markle heads to the Suits set after a blissful Easter weekend holed up in her Toronto pad with Prince Harry Shades of grey! Salma Hayek is a smart traveler in casual chic outfit and chunky boots as she departs LAX Glamorous in grey  'People have been asking if we swing...' Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, displays her incredible physique in the Maldives with Robin Thicke, 40 'She looked really sad': Kylie Jenner and ex Tyga have 'awkward run-in' at Coachella just weeks after latest break-up Tough times Curvy model Jordyn Woods calls for the end of the 'plus-size' label as she admits she is 'nervous' about being in best friend Kylie Jenner's reality show  'She was asked to audition': Britain's Got Talent star Sarah Ikumu 'scouted to appear on the show'... after being sent straight to semi-finals by the gold buzzer How you can get Blake Lively's figure: Try the star's simple 3-step workout that targets all your major muscles in one session  Enviable physique Director's cut! Giggling Tom Cruise looks relieved as he lands in Paris by helicopter and leaves set after filming daring M:I6 - Mission Impossible scenes James Packer's Hollywood adventure is over: Billionaire sells stake in RatPac venture despite hits The Revenant, Gravity and Birdman Elsa Pataky reveals her husband Chris Hemsworth STILL hasn't learned to speak Spanish after SIX years together - despite promising her he'd learn it in TWO MONTHS 'Here's lookin' at you, Jen!' Reese Witherspoon pens sweet tribute to pal Garner for her 45th birthday 'It's the last thing she needs while heavily pregnant': Jennifer Metcalfe becomes the next target of hackers as 'nude photos of her are leaked online' Amber Turner sizzles in thigh-skimming red playsuit for TOWIE filming... after 'breaking down in tears' over backlash from Dan Edgar split 'It can be right, and it's still wrong': Harry Styles FINALLY breaks silence on romance with Taylor Swift and hints his debut solo album has songs about Kendall Jenner Beauty beyond years! Calvin Klein celebrates women of ALL ages in new campaign featuring models young and old, from Lauren Hutton, 73, to Uma Thurman's 18-year-old daughter Maya  Queen Letizia, 44, looks younger than ever as she takes to the stage in a VERY trendy outfit at literature awards in Madrid The 44-year-old looked younger than ever  New dad Benedict Cumberbatch enjoys a country walk in the Cotswolds... after becoming a father for the second time Heading out for a stroll 'She was salty!': Courtney Love claims Hollywood legend Elizabeth Taylor used an expletive to greet her when they met at a Hollywood party 'A great missed opportunity': Mark Hamill wishes Luke, Leia and Han could have shared one final scene together in The Force Awakens 'It's obviously his name': Disney assures Star Wars fans Han Solo IS his real name... despite confusingly hinting otherwise Kevin Spacey will host Broadway's Tony Awards for first time... as actor jokes Neil Patrick Harris, Hugh Jackman were 'unavailable' 'They look so weird': Katie Price sends her fans wild over her heavily painted BROWS as she shares throwback snap of herself with baby Jett Bathing beauty Kate Upton flaunts her famous hourglass figure in skimpy halterneck bikini on romantic break with fiancé Justin Verlander Lucky she didn't cause a car accident! Olivia Culpo stuns in flannel dress and fishnet stockings as she struts down Hollywood Boulevard 'I love you so much mumma, forever': Bindi Irwin shares touching tribute to her mum Terri ahead of Mother's Day Laura Whitmore cannot be missed in bold fashion-forward dress as she takes her play Not Dead Yet to Dublin 'I get that from my dad': Kendall Jenner reveals she's not as 'girly' as her famous sisters while looking a dream in tangerine for Harper's Bazaar Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez 'stay in gated luxury villa community where her ex Marc Anthony lives in the Dominican Republic' Is that your downward dog, Ella? Health food guru posts picture of herself performing yoga The 25-year-old posted the picture of herself doing a yoga handstand   Traveling in style! Jessica Simpson rolls $3,350 Gucci luggage and pricey Birkin bag as she leaves kids at home to jet out of LA with husband Eric Damsel in denim: Kate Bosworth looks chic in baggy jeans as she arrives at LAX airport to a crowd of fans She unveiled her sunglass collection  Good things come in threes! Rose Byrne does frock treble... and defends her 'white savior' role in DNA drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz heads back to £5m mansion... despite speculation he is set to be evicted from singer's home 'You can save so many children!': Blake Lively talks cracking down on child pornography as she covers Variety's Power Of Women NY issue Tummy trouble! Sheryl Crow flashes belly button by accident as her shirt comes open in NYC... as news breaks her 'ex' Kid Rock is engaged 'If you need me I'll be here': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid puts bump on display in tiny bikini Bumping along nicely  The new Smalls! The Sandlot child star Patrick Renna and wife welcome their first son into the world The 38-year-old proudly announced news on Monday  Fashion parade in Chelsea! Lottie Moss rocks near-identical ensemble to MIC's Frankie Gaff as they go low-key with frayed jeans and statement jackets Amber Heard's father reveals she would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk who is worth $11.2bn - but a source claims the pair have no plans to tie the knot From winter to spring in one day! Anne Hathaway models black leather before switching into sheer purple to promote new film in NYC Boho chic! Naomi Watts, 48, looks radiant and youthful as she steps out in retro style outfit in New York She's the Australian actress who is known for her effortless style. Finding her inner hippie! Jennifer Love Hewitt wears Woodstock 1969 shirt with ripped jeans as she takes daughter Autumn shopping Doting mother Emily Blunt cradles baby daughter Violet as she touches down in London for low-key Easter getaway Rare public appearance 'Paradise': Love Island beauty Kady McDermott displays her toned derriere in a bikini as she enjoys romantic getaway with boyfriend Scott Thomas Sienna Miller reveals she and ex Tom Sturridge are still 'best friends' and do bedtime with daughter Marlowe 'every day' 'Togetherness is ideal' Getting on her Wick(s)! Megan McKenna appears riled as she chats on the phone during TOWIE filming... as saga with ex Pete rages on 'Channeling my inner Kylie!' Mollie King dazzles in gold halterneck bikini as she soaks up the sun at Coachella Soaking up the sunshine James Corden rips Star Wars and Girls in rap battle with actor Riz Ahmed... who fires back by branding Carpool Karaoke king a 'singing Uber driver' Crossing the pond? Lana Del Rey tells Courtney Love she would like to live in London as she covers Dazed magazine Why I'm shunned by Hollywood: Richard Gere says the studios won't hire him because his Tibetan activism will upset China La La Anthony removes wedding bling as she steps out for first time since split from Carmelo... amid claims he 'got another woman pregnant' Leg it! TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou looks sexy in a daringly short black mini skirt and perspex heels as she films scenes with Tommy Mallet Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn slips into a skimpy scarlet bikini as she soaks up the sun poolside in Marbella Ensured all eyes were on her once again Billie Lourd shows off legs in mini skirt while hand-in-hand with beau Taylor Lautner on loved up stroll with her dog The happy couple  Lovely in leather! Anne Hathaway highlights toned legs in chic tights with off-the-shoulder sweater as she takes meetings in NYC Katy Perry claims she 'wasn't allowed' to interact with gay people during strict evangelical upbringing and admits there was 'generational racism' while growing up Olivia Buckland reveals she and Alex Bowen have set a date for the first Love Island wedding... and show host Caroline Flack is on the guest list Ready to get wet! Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk poses in a bikini by a pool... after admitting she's hooked on Keeping Up With The Kardashians Now Sofia Vergara's ex-fiancé Nick Loeb accuses her of violating his First Amendment rights in latest twist of legal saga over frozen embryos they made  'Sun's out!' Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope displays her shapely bottom as she hits the outdoor pool in vibrant red swimsuit during stay at health spa Jeremy McConnell and Stephanie Davis 'set for RETURN' to Celebrity Big Brother this summer alongside Rhian Sugden, Charlotte Crosby and Bear Chantelle Connelly puts on raunchy display in gold lamé bodysuit... as she shows off her ample assets in a cheeky Instagram video Tongues wagging  'It looks like Halloween came early!' Pink-haired Pixie Lott is left with mascara running down her face as she gets doused with water while playing radio game 'I almost killed him!': Anne Hathaway says she nearly flew off old-school slide with young son when hitting a NYC park Sliding away  What a catch! Bella Thorne models fishnet top and stockings with very short skirt and kinky boots as she plugs Famous In Love in NYC Wrapping it up! Lucy Hale and Ashley Benson head to GMA in NYC as they promote Pretty Little Liars before big series finale EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she spends every dollar on chemotherapy!'  Minnie Driver's bitter  neighbor loses legal battle and finally knocks down wall dividing their Hollywood homes  Janet Jackson's pal Gil Duldulao says she's 'not a gold digger seeking a $500M divorce settlement' Open and honest  Aloha! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shows off her bikini body as she hits the beach in Hawaii Renovation expert jetted to the island destination Katie Couric's face DROPS as she is asked to weigh in on Megyn Kelly and Tamron Hall shake-up at 'Today' Katie Couric was all smiles on Monday night  Leigh-Anne Pinnock reunites with footballer beau Andre Gray as she arrives back in the UK... after pining for her man on Little Mix tour Has been missing him Kym Marsh is stylish in stripes as she and daughter Polly, 6, head out for a family dinner date in Manchester  Upstaged by her cute daughter  'You're an inspiration!': Kris Jenner pens birthday message to daughter Kourtney Kardashian on 38th birthday while sharing rare baby photos Ready for The Bachelorette! Teen Mom vet Farrah Abraham reveals she wants to go on dating show... after confirming split from Simon Saran Busty Ola Jordan flaunts her VERY ample assets in sizzling selfie as she continues to enjoy romantic break in the Maldives with her husband James The (Esse)X Factor? Gemma Collins shows off her powerful singing skills as she croons along to Britain's Got Talent hopeful Sarah Ikumu 'It was all posturing bulls***': Mel Gibson threw an ashtray THROUGH a wall during Braveheart budget meetings with studio Stephen Fry admits 'it's my fault' as tweeting luvvies line up to joke and comment on snap general election  Candid confession  Games Of Thrones star Lena Headey opens up about her struggle with depression, while urging her fans to forget societal 'bull***t' and embrace 'human realness' She turned a street into her catwalk! Joanna Krupa looks stunning as she models green jacket and skinny jeans while strolling in LA Model strut Liv Tyler adds an edgy touch to her flowing black dress with a leather biker jacket as she steps out for fashion store opening in Tokyo 'When you let the girls run free!' Size 22 model Tess Holliday puts her curves on full display in a VERY sheer bra after meeting her idol Dita Von Teese in Las Vegas Big night? 5 Seconds Of Summer rocker Luke Hemmings looks weary as he leaves Hollywood hot-spot with Ashton Irwin Lads on the town Leaving Los Angeles! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in fitted crop-top after long weekend at Coachella... as she prepares for return to London Thirsty work! Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum showcases her toned bikini body as she sips cocktails and frolics in the sea on her lengthy Ibiza holiday He's engaged! Kid Rock proposes to longtime girlfriend Audrey Berry with large diamond ring... 10 years after divorcing Pamela Anderson Too much coffee? Cackling Vicky Pattison verges on hysterical as she excitedly arrives at the ITV studios in formal work attire TV pro turned giddy 'I lost four toenails and was covered in cuts and bruises!' Heavily pregnant Amy Childs suffers dangerous fall as she prepares to give birth 'any day'  The prince of darkness is back! Shock rocker Alice Cooper returns for Australian tour 40 years after his first trip Down Under Leggy Lily Collins turns heads in a semi-sheer thigh-split gown as she steps out in London after receiving 'epic' message from Michelle Obama Jennifer Garner is in very high spirits as she enjoys birthday lunch with a pal... after claims Ben Affleck has 'moved out of the family home and is dating someone' 'Taking selfies left, right and centre': Love Island star Malin Andersson spends £7k on cosmetic surgery so she can look good on Instagram Amber Heard, 30, would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk and is planning 'to settle down and have a family' with the Tesla owner  Who won the battle of the royal palace versus the pop princess pad? How Lady Gaga's sleek Malibu compound made William's Kensington study look stuffy Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 57° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 57° Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Bank of America on Tuesday became the latest big U.S. bank to release financial results for the first three months of the year. Chuck Burton AP Business April 18, 2017 6:52 AM Bank of America’s first-quarter profit jumps 40 percent By Deon Roberts deroberts@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Bank of America on Tuesday reported $4.9 billion in first-quarter profits, an increase of 40 percent from the same quarter last year. The Charlotte-based bank said it had $22 billion in revenue, up 7 percent, while its total expenses were flat. In a statement, CEO Brian Moynihan attributed the stronger results in part to higher consumer spending and an improvement in investment banking fees. The bank also noted it benefited from rising interest rates, which the Federal Reserve increased in March for the third time since the financial crisis. Bank of America becomes the latest big U.S. bank to release results for the first three months of the year. Last week, Wells Fargo reported flat earnings of $5.5 billion, as expenses rose in part from a sales scandal that erupted last fall. Executives for the San Francisco-based bank, which has its biggest employee hub in Charlotte, said last week that the company expects to cut staff over time in an effort to curb rising expenses. Also last week, New York’s JPMorgan Chase & Co. said its first-quarter profit rose 17 percent to $6.4 billion, while Citigroup said its profit also climbed 17 percent to $4.1 billion.   Investors are expecting improving financial results from Bank of America and other big banks in the wake of November’s election of President Donald Trump, who has raised hopes for lighter regulation on the industry and faster increases in interest rates by the Federal Reserve. Those higher rates could help bank profits. “The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that,” Moynihan said in his statement. Since the election, Bank of America’s share price has risen 34 percent, outpacing jumps at Citigroup, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo – and surpassing the 19 percent increase in the KBW index, which tracks stocks of 24 big banks. But Moynihan, now in his eight year as chief executive, also remains under pressure to improve key profitability measures at his company. The CEO for years has been cutting away at expenses at a bank that grew unwieldy after decades of acquisitions. Such efforts have involved shedding branches and employees in Charlotte and elsewhere. In February, the bank announced it was testing “completely automated” branches, its latest push into self-service as Moynihan seeks to further lower costs. Deon Roberts: 704-358-5248, @DeonERoberts LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 days ago Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:03 7 days ago Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:43 11 days ago RTP startup founded by military vet automates gun cleaning 0:50 16 days ago Lenovo promotes technology and art in Wake schools View More Video Business Asian stocks slip on UK surprise election, weak earnings New Zealand toughens requirements for skilled immigrants University of Virginia getting new solar-panel system Fiat Chrysler opens parts distribution center in Winchester The Latest: Pence promotes Trump's economic plans in Japan Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ardagh Group SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ardagh Group SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ardagh Group SA’s (ARD) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Davy Research Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Stake Cut by Whalerock Point Partners LLC Norges Bank Acquires New Position in Exponent, Inc. (EXPO) Norges Bank Purchases New Position in Consolidated Communications Holdings Inc (CNSL) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Purchases 5,404 Shares of Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDK) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $16.351 Million Position in Dean Foods Co (DF) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires 3,736 Shares of Flowserve Corp (FLS) NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Raised to Neutral at Credit Suisse Group AG Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for OFG Bancorp (OFG) Triton International Limited (TRTN) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Begins Coverage on Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc (RETA) CSRA Inc (CSRA) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) to Hold Cryolife Inc (CRY) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC Lebenthal Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sartorius Ag (SARTF) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Penntex Midstream Partners LP (PTXP) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Pampa Energia S.A. (PAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Stake Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC Ardagh Group SA’s (ARD) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Davy Research April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Davy Research reissued their outperform rating on shares of Ardagh Group SA (NYSE:ARD) in a report published on Wednesday morning. They currently have a $23.50 price objective on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on ARD. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Ardagh Group SA in a research note on Monday, April 10th. They issued a neutral rating and a $23.00 price objective for the company. Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on shares of Ardagh Group SA in a research note on Monday, April 10th. They issued a buy rating and a $25.00 price objective for the company. Deutsche Bank AG assumed coverage on shares of Ardagh Group SA in a research note on Monday, April 10th. They issued a buy rating and a $24.00 price objective for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on shares of Ardagh Group SA in a research note on Monday, April 10th. They issued a neutral rating and a $24.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG restated an outperform rating and issued a $26.00 price objective on shares of Ardagh Group SA in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $23.93. Ardagh Group SA (NYSE:ARD) opened at 20.89 on Wednesday. The firm’s market capitalization is $232.11 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $21.64 and a 200 day moving average of $21.64. Ardagh Group SA has a 12-month low of $20.72 and a 12-month high of $23.44. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/ardagh-group-sas-ard-outperform-rating-reaffirmed-at-davy-research.html. Ardagh Group SA Company Profile Ardagh Group SA, formerly Ardagh Finance Holdings SA, is a Luxembourg-based company engaged in the packing industry. The Company focuses on the design and manufacture of rigid packaging solutions mainly for food and beverage markets. Its activities are divided into two business segments: Metal packing, which supplies aluminum and steel beverage cans, two-piece aluminum, two-piece tinplate and three-piece tinplate food and specialty cans, as well as a range of can ends, among others, and Glass packing, which delivers glass containers, bottles and jars, among others. Receive News & Ratings for Ardagh Group SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ardagh Group SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EMERGING MARKETS-Turkish lira, bonds firm after Erdogan victory By Reuters Published: 04:59 EDT, 18 April 2017 | Updated: 04:59 EDT, 18 April 2017 e-mail By Claire Milhench LONDON, April 18 (Reuters) - The Turkish lira firmed and sovereign dollar bond prices rose on Tuesday after President Tayyip Erdogan's victory in a referendum that handed him sweeping powers, while emerging equities fell as geopolitical tensions dampened risk appetite. The lira strengthened 0.2 percent but was still off a two-week high hit on Monday after a narrow victory for Erdogan in Turkey's referendum on constitutional reform. Erdogan has argued that a concentration of power is needed to prevent instability, but opposition parties challenged the result. European monitors said the referendum did not meet international standard. Turkish dollar bond prices rose across the curve to five-month highs and five-year credit default swaps traded at a two-week low of 233 basis points (bps), according to IHS Markit data. The average yield spread paid by Turkish sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified narrowed by 3 bps to 305 bps, an 11-day low. Greg Saichin, chief investment officer for emerging markets fixed income at Allianz Global Investors, said the tight result was a surprise. "The markets are taking this initial result as positive in so far as the buck now stops with one person and in theory political noise should come down," he said, adding that the next battleground will be the planned 2019 election. "Should the economic outlook deteriorate, or the system move towards a more autocratic style that does not sit well with voters, chances are that the next election will be again about a referendum on Erdogan's new powers," he said. Turkish economic weakness was exposed in data released on Monday showing a rise in the budget deficit and unemployment at a seven-year peak. Away from Turkey, emerging market assets sold off, with MSCI's emerging equities index down 0.3 percent as tensions with North Korea kept investors away from riskier assets. Amongst the biggest fallers were Hong Kong down 1.4 percent to a one-month low, and Chinese mainland stocks, down 0.8 percent. But South Korea steadied, rising 0.1 percent to an 11-day high. The United States and South Korea have pledged to forge a stronger alliance but U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said the free trade agreement between the two will be reviewed. The Korean won fell 0.7 percent to a one-week low. South African assets remained under pressure, with stocks down 0.7 percent and the rand slipping 0.5 percent against the dollar, off a near three-week high. Russian dollar-denominated stocks fell 0.6 percent and the rouble weakened 0.5 percent off a two-week high, with oil prices heading back towards $55 a barrel. The Hungarian forint firmed 0.2 percent against the euro after slumping to a four-month low on Monday. Thousands of Hungarians rallied in Budapest on Saturday against what they said were attempts by the government to silence critical voices, in the latest mass protest. Ashmore, a bellwether stock for the emerging markets asset management sector, saw quarterly net inflows for the first time in nearly three years, helping to drive a 7 percent rise in its total assets. For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg on year Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 959.21 -3.50 -0.36 +11.24 Czech Rep 975.55 -0.97 -0.10 +5.85 Poland 2251.36 +17.73 +0.79 +15.58 Hungary 32566.38 -56.02 -0.17 +1.76 Romania 8238.76 -19.97 -0.24 +16.28 Greece 679.84 -3.73 -0.55 +5.62 Russia 1085.45 -8.82 -0.81 -5.80 South Africa 46340.87 -303.62 -0.65 +5.56 Turkey 90674.31 +20.51 +0.02 +16.04 China 3196.60 -25.57 -0.79 +3.00 India 29523.67 +110.01 +0.37 +10.88 Currencies Latest Prev Local Local close currency currency % change % change in 2017 Czech Rep 26.74 26.65 -0.33 +1.00 Poland 4.24 4.25 +0.12 +3.84 Hungary 312.79 313.54 +0.24 -1.27 Romania 4.52 4.52 +0.12 +0.41 Serbia 123.54 123.54 +0.00 -0.15 Russia 56.17 55.86 -0.55 +9.07 Kazakhstan 310.60 310.81 +0.07 +7.42 Ukraine 26.85 26.82 -0.13 +0.56 South Africa 13.35 13.28 -0.51 +2.87 Kenya 103.35 103.30 -0.05 -0.95 Israel 3.66 3.66 -0.06 +5.23 Turkey 3.69 3.70 +0.19 -4.50 China 6.89 6.88 -0.08 +0.83 India 64.51 64.46 -0.07 +5.33 Brazil 3.10 3.10 +0.00 +5.01 Mexico 18.51 18.50 -0.07 +11.93 Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 334 2 .05 7 76.26 1 (Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker Editing by Jeremy Gaunt.) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS TOWIE star Ferne McCann urges boyfriend Arthur Collins to turn himself in 'immediately' over nightclub acid attack  Shock revelations  EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Bumping along! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley goes braless for 30th birthday at Soho House with 49-year-old fiancé Jason Statham 'I'm surrounded by people I like to be with': Victoria Beckham reveals she 'doesn't have a lot friends' due to her busy career... but never feels lonely Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL' Yes, you can wear black and white and flat shoes to a wedding! How to be the best dressed guest this season  SPONSORED 'It's totally ridiculous': Peter Andre 'furious with ex-wife Katie Price after she claimed Princess, 9, and Junior, 11, love that they divorced' Someone eats their Leftovers! Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in vest after getting pumped at gym Pump it up!  I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills Back from Coachella 'We are worried about Rob': Kardashian sisters watch their brother's back while Blac Chyna threatens split in KUWTK sneak peek Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born Things got steamy Kris Jenner's fake home used in Keeping Up With The Kardashians hits the market for $9 million  The 61-year-old momager is not moving house  'All the problems were down to drink and drugs': Stephanie Davis shares snap with son Caben... amid claims she 'wants to wed Jeremy McConnell' 'That was out of the Blue!?' Lee Ryan wins praise for EastEnders debut as 'Woody' Woodward... yet some viewers are baffled by 'random' introduction A piercing look! Bella Thorne shows off her nipple bar in see-through lingerie top in sizzling social media The racy actress shared an eyeful Frilly in florals! Rose Byrne strikes an elegant pose on the red carpet for premiere of Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks Among the cavalcade of stars Creaming it! Catherine Zeta-Jones dons creme three-piece with lacy low-cut top for Feud event in New York City The cream of the crop  Daddy's little girl! Chris Hemsworth makes hearts melt as he lavishes attention on sweet daughter India Rose during a day at the playground SPOILER ALERT: 'The littlest thing would spark an argument': Nathan Massey reappears on TOWIE as he confirms it's 'over' with Cara De La Hoyde    Megan McKenna tries to make amends with Pete Wicks with an emotional phone call on TOWIE... following THAT explosive row in the street Mel B sports heart-shaped pink specs as she removes laptop and heaps of files from lawyer's office in midst of messy Stephen Belafonte divorce Birthday babe! Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap 'After the last guy... deffo girls!' Bisexual Marnie Simpson reveals doomed romance with love rat ex Lewis Bloor has swayed her towards dating women  'Shopping in my daughter's closet!' Yolanda Hadid twins with Gigi as she borrows her color block Versace jacket for day out In her modeling footsteps Golden girl! Rosario Dawson shows off her toned legs in split gown at Unforgettable premiere She plays new trophy wife Unforgettable Showstopper! Katherine Heigl looks sensational in figure-hugging dress at Unforgettable premiere in Hollywood White goddess 'Birthday suit!': Kourtney Kardashian shares naked pool picture to celebrate turning 38 Embraced body confidence SPOILER ALERT: Emmerdale viewers set for a shock as Rhona Goskirk is raped by new husband Pierce Harris on their wedding night Chilling  Attack of the klones! Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian look identical (thanks to the cosmetic surgeon) in new topless teaser for make-up collaboration 'Bump coming along!' Missé Beqiri sparks pregnancy speculation in snap with beau Jake Hall... as followers note her 'massive boobs' Reality worlds collide She sheer is confident! Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill flashes her knickers in see-through black leggings She certainly knows how to model underwear 'How am I supposed to hate him!': Fans can't help but swoon over actor Chris Mason... despite playing horrific rapist Leo Humphries in hit drama Broadchurch Lacy lady! Rebel Wilson wears a one-piece swimsuit and lace kaftan as she enjoys Palm Springs poolside after catch up with Hugh Sheridan 'I love how close we were': Kim Kardashian shares throwback video to mark Kourtney's 38th birthday The 36-year-old star shared a flashback  Crystal Palace chair Steve Parish to join Dragon's Den alongside Jenny Campbell... after Sarah Willingham quit due to husband's cancer scare  Born to smile! Makeup free Delta Goodrem shows off her toned pins in a pair of tight leggings following sweaty workout Peace and love 'Let them roam free': Braless Sam Faiers drives her fans wild as she flaunts her ample assets in extreme plunging caged jumpsuit and perspex heels  She should have brought the palm leaves: Braless Sinitta makes a boob in see-through top to judge £3k talent show in London bar 'You made my day!': Faith Hill surprises adorable young fan who sings a duet with the country superstar Took time out of her busy tour schedule  'I'll always keep trying': Proud Vicky Pattison shares incredible transformation photo on Instagram... after a lengthy battle with her fitness and weight Keira Knightley returns to Pirates Of The Caribbean after ten years as she makes fleeting appearance in exciting new trailer for the fifth installment She's a natural! Youthful Elsa Pataky, 40, steps out in a sexy backless floral frock as ambassador for L'Oréal's Botanical hair care range 'Summer needs to hurry up!': Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shares throwback snap of herself flaunting her fabulous figure in strapless bikini   Surf's up! Camille Grammer, 48, parades her knock-out body on the beach while on vacation in Hawaii Ex-wife of Frasier star Kelsey  It's in the jeans! Model Jessica Gomes cuts a casual figure in double denim as she steps out in Los Angeles Recently launched her beauty range That's a Cole lot of leg! Lily shows off her pins in shirt as she gets cosy with Inbetweenera' Simon Bird for The Philanthropist play Diana and Sir Elton WEREN'T close, claims Wayne Sleep: Ballet star says Candle In The Wind singer didn't know the Princess that well Harper, 5, and Romeo Beckham, 14, surprise their 'happy' mum Victoria with a birthday cake and a singalong at her SoulCycle exercise class in LA SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's grooming story takes another dark turn as Bethany is raped by Nathan's friend... and Lucy Fallon admits her dad can't watch 'I drew a line in the sand': Jessica Chastain says she demands to know salaries of her male costars before agreeing to a role 'Hills' baby boom!' Whitney Port talks 'difficult' pregnancy as she praises fellow MTV castmates as 'responsible adults' Baby, it's cold outside! Reese Witherspoon wraps up in a big black coat as she steps out in NYC Celebrated Easter in Los Angeles Summer babe! Home And Away star Pia Miller shows off flawless bikini body poolside as she soaks up the sun in LA 'Perfect!' Rande Gerber shares swimwear snap of wife Cindy Crawford as they mark the end of Coachella music festival The 51-year-old sunned her famous physique  'How did Hannah give birth to a black baby?' Girls under fire over casting of Lena Dunham's child in finale episode EXCLUSIVE: Back to work! Meghan Markle heads to the Suits set after a blissful Easter weekend holed up in her Toronto pad with Prince Harry Shades of grey! Salma Hayek is a smart traveler in casual chic outfit and chunky boots as she departs LAX Glamorous in grey  'People have been asking if we swing...' Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, displays her incredible physique in the Maldives with Robin Thicke, 40 'She looked really sad': Kylie Jenner and ex Tyga have 'awkward run-in' at Coachella just weeks after latest break-up Tough times Curvy model Jordyn Woods calls for the end of the 'plus-size' label as she admits she is 'nervous' about being in best friend Kylie Jenner's reality show  'She was asked to audition': Britain's Got Talent star Sarah Ikumu 'scouted to appear on the show'... after being sent straight to semi-finals by the gold buzzer How you can get Blake Lively's figure: Try the star's simple 3-step workout that targets all your major muscles in one session  Enviable physique Director's cut! Giggling Tom Cruise looks relieved as he lands in Paris by helicopter and leaves set after filming daring M:I6 - Mission Impossible scenes James Packer's Hollywood adventure is over: Billionaire sells stake in RatPac venture despite hits The Revenant, Gravity and Birdman Elsa Pataky reveals her husband Chris Hemsworth STILL hasn't learned to speak Spanish after SIX years together - despite promising her he'd learn it in TWO MONTHS 'Here's lookin' at you, Jen!' Reese Witherspoon pens sweet tribute to pal Garner for her 45th birthday 'It's the last thing she needs while heavily pregnant': Jennifer Metcalfe becomes the next target of hackers as 'nude photos of her are leaked online' Amber Turner sizzles in thigh-skimming red playsuit for TOWIE filming... after 'breaking down in tears' over backlash from Dan Edgar split 'It can be right, and it's still wrong': Harry Styles FINALLY breaks silence on romance with Taylor Swift and hints his debut solo album has songs about Kendall Jenner Beauty beyond years! Calvin Klein celebrates women of ALL ages in new campaign featuring models young and old, from Lauren Hutton, 73, to Uma Thurman's 18-year-old daughter Maya  Queen Letizia, 44, looks younger than ever as she takes to the stage in a VERY trendy outfit at literature awards in Madrid The 44-year-old looked younger than ever  New dad Benedict Cumberbatch enjoys a country walk in the Cotswolds... after becoming a father for the second time Heading out for a stroll 'She was salty!': Courtney Love claims Hollywood legend Elizabeth Taylor used an expletive to greet her when they met at a Hollywood party 'A great missed opportunity': Mark Hamill wishes Luke, Leia and Han could have shared one final scene together in The Force Awakens 'It's obviously his name': Disney assures Star Wars fans Han Solo IS his real name... despite confusingly hinting otherwise Kevin Spacey will host Broadway's Tony Awards for first time... as actor jokes Neil Patrick Harris, Hugh Jackman were 'unavailable' 'They look so weird': Katie Price sends her fans wild over her heavily painted BROWS as she shares throwback snap of herself with baby Jett Bathing beauty Kate Upton flaunts her famous hourglass figure in skimpy halterneck bikini on romantic break with fiancé Justin Verlander Lucky she didn't cause a car accident! Olivia Culpo stuns in flannel dress and fishnet stockings as she struts down Hollywood Boulevard 'I love you so much mumma, forever': Bindi Irwin shares touching tribute to her mum Terri ahead of Mother's Day Laura Whitmore cannot be missed in bold fashion-forward dress as she takes her play Not Dead Yet to Dublin 'I get that from my dad': Kendall Jenner reveals she's not as 'girly' as her famous sisters while looking a dream in tangerine for Harper's Bazaar Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez 'stay in gated luxury villa community where her ex Marc Anthony lives in the Dominican Republic' Is that your downward dog, Ella? Health food guru posts picture of herself performing yoga The 25-year-old posted the picture of herself doing a yoga handstand   Traveling in style! Jessica Simpson rolls $3,350 Gucci luggage and pricey Birkin bag as she leaves kids at home to jet out of LA with husband Eric Damsel in denim: Kate Bosworth looks chic in baggy jeans as she arrives at LAX airport to a crowd of fans She unveiled her sunglass collection  Good things come in threes! Rose Byrne does frock treble... and defends her 'white savior' role in DNA drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz heads back to £5m mansion... despite speculation he is set to be evicted from singer's home 'You can save so many children!': Blake Lively talks cracking down on child pornography as she covers Variety's Power Of Women NY issue Tummy trouble! Sheryl Crow flashes belly button by accident as her shirt comes open in NYC... as news breaks her 'ex' Kid Rock is engaged 'If you need me I'll be here': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid puts bump on display in tiny bikini Bumping along nicely  The new Smalls! The Sandlot child star Patrick Renna and wife welcome their first son into the world The 38-year-old proudly announced news on Monday  Fashion parade in Chelsea! Lottie Moss rocks near-identical ensemble to MIC's Frankie Gaff as they go low-key with frayed jeans and statement jackets Amber Heard's father reveals she would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk who is worth $11.2bn - but a source claims the pair have no plans to tie the knot From winter to spring in one day! Anne Hathaway models black leather before switching into sheer purple to promote new film in NYC Boho chic! Naomi Watts, 48, looks radiant and youthful as she steps out in retro style outfit in New York She's the Australian actress who is known for her effortless style. Finding her inner hippie! Jennifer Love Hewitt wears Woodstock 1969 shirt with ripped jeans as she takes daughter Autumn shopping Doting mother Emily Blunt cradles baby daughter Violet as she touches down in London for low-key Easter getaway Rare public appearance 'Paradise': Love Island beauty Kady McDermott displays her toned derriere in a bikini as she enjoys romantic getaway with boyfriend Scott Thomas Sienna Miller reveals she and ex Tom Sturridge are still 'best friends' and do bedtime with daughter Marlowe 'every day' 'Togetherness is ideal' Getting on her Wick(s)! Megan McKenna appears riled as she chats on the phone during TOWIE filming... as saga with ex Pete rages on 'Channeling my inner Kylie!' Mollie King dazzles in gold halterneck bikini as she soaks up the sun at Coachella Soaking up the sunshine James Corden rips Star Wars and Girls in rap battle with actor Riz Ahmed... who fires back by branding Carpool Karaoke king a 'singing Uber driver' Crossing the pond? Lana Del Rey tells Courtney Love she would like to live in London as she covers Dazed magazine Why I'm shunned by Hollywood: Richard Gere says the studios won't hire him because his Tibetan activism will upset China La La Anthony removes wedding bling as she steps out for first time since split from Carmelo... amid claims he 'got another woman pregnant' Leg it! TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou looks sexy in a daringly short black mini skirt and perspex heels as she films scenes with Tommy Mallet Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn slips into a skimpy scarlet bikini as she soaks up the sun poolside in Marbella Ensured all eyes were on her once again Billie Lourd shows off legs in mini skirt while hand-in-hand with beau Taylor Lautner on loved up stroll with her dog The happy couple  Lovely in leather! Anne Hathaway highlights toned legs in chic tights with off-the-shoulder sweater as she takes meetings in NYC Katy Perry claims she 'wasn't allowed' to interact with gay people during strict evangelical upbringing and admits there was 'generational racism' while growing up Olivia Buckland reveals she and Alex Bowen have set a date for the first Love Island wedding... and show host Caroline Flack is on the guest list Ready to get wet! Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk poses in a bikini by a pool... after admitting she's hooked on Keeping Up With The Kardashians Now Sofia Vergara's ex-fiancé Nick Loeb accuses her of violating his First Amendment rights in latest twist of legal saga over frozen embryos they made  'Sun's out!' Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope displays her shapely bottom as she hits the outdoor pool in vibrant red swimsuit during stay at health spa Jeremy McConnell and Stephanie Davis 'set for RETURN' to Celebrity Big Brother this summer alongside Rhian Sugden, Charlotte Crosby and Bear Chantelle Connelly puts on raunchy display in gold lamé bodysuit... as she shows off her ample assets in a cheeky Instagram video Tongues wagging  'It looks like Halloween came early!' Pink-haired Pixie Lott is left with mascara running down her face as she gets doused with water while playing radio game 'I almost killed him!': Anne Hathaway says she nearly flew off old-school slide with young son when hitting a NYC park Sliding away  What a catch! Bella Thorne models fishnet top and stockings with very short skirt and kinky boots as she plugs Famous In Love in NYC Wrapping it up! Lucy Hale and Ashley Benson head to GMA in NYC as they promote Pretty Little Liars before big series finale EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she spends every dollar on chemotherapy!'  Minnie Driver's bitter  neighbor loses legal battle and finally knocks down wall dividing their Hollywood homes  Janet Jackson's pal Gil Duldulao says she's 'not a gold digger seeking a $500M divorce settlement' Open and honest  Aloha! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shows off her bikini body as she hits the beach in Hawaii Renovation expert jetted to the island destination Katie Couric's face DROPS as she is asked to weigh in on Megyn Kelly and Tamron Hall shake-up at 'Today' Katie Couric was all smiles on Monday night  Leigh-Anne Pinnock reunites with footballer beau Andre Gray as she arrives back in the UK... after pining for her man on Little Mix tour Has been missing him Kym Marsh is stylish in stripes as she and daughter Polly, 6, head out for a family dinner date in Manchester  Upstaged by her cute daughter  'You're an inspiration!': Kris Jenner pens birthday message to daughter Kourtney Kardashian on 38th birthday while sharing rare baby photos Ready for The Bachelorette! Teen Mom vet Farrah Abraham reveals she wants to go on dating show... after confirming split from Simon Saran Busty Ola Jordan flaunts her VERY ample assets in sizzling selfie as she continues to enjoy romantic break in the Maldives with her husband James The (Esse)X Factor? Gemma Collins shows off her powerful singing skills as she croons along to Britain's Got Talent hopeful Sarah Ikumu 'It was all posturing bulls***': Mel Gibson threw an ashtray THROUGH a wall during Braveheart budget meetings with studio Stephen Fry admits 'it's my fault' as tweeting luvvies line up to joke and comment on snap general election  Candid confession  Games Of Thrones star Lena Headey opens up about her struggle with depression, while urging her fans to forget societal 'bull***t' and embrace 'human realness' She turned a street into her catwalk! Joanna Krupa looks stunning as she models green jacket and skinny jeans while strolling in LA Model strut Liv Tyler adds an edgy touch to her flowing black dress with a leather biker jacket as she steps out for fashion store opening in Tokyo 'When you let the girls run free!' Size 22 model Tess Holliday puts her curves on full display in a VERY sheer bra after meeting her idol Dita Von Teese in Las Vegas Big night? 5 Seconds Of Summer rocker Luke Hemmings looks weary as he leaves Hollywood hot-spot with Ashton Irwin Lads on the town Leaving Los Angeles! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in fitted crop-top after long weekend at Coachella... as she prepares for return to London Thirsty work! Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum showcases her toned bikini body as she sips cocktails and frolics in the sea on her lengthy Ibiza holiday He's engaged! Kid Rock proposes to longtime girlfriend Audrey Berry with large diamond ring... 10 years after divorcing Pamela Anderson Too much coffee? Cackling Vicky Pattison verges on hysterical as she excitedly arrives at the ITV studios in formal work attire TV pro turned giddy 'I lost four toenails and was covered in cuts and bruises!' Heavily pregnant Amy Childs suffers dangerous fall as she prepares to give birth 'any day'  The prince of darkness is back! Shock rocker Alice Cooper returns for Australian tour 40 years after his first trip Down Under Leggy Lily Collins turns heads in a semi-sheer thigh-split gown as she steps out in London after receiving 'epic' message from Michelle Obama Jennifer Garner is in very high spirits as she enjoys birthday lunch with a pal... after claims Ben Affleck has 'moved out of the family home and is dating someone' 'Taking selfies left, right and centre': Love Island star Malin Andersson spends £7k on cosmetic surgery so she can look good on Instagram Amber Heard, 30, would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk and is planning 'to settle down and have a family' with the Tesla owner  Who won the battle of the royal palace versus the pop princess pad? How Lady Gaga's sleek Malibu compound made William's Kensington study look stuffy Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 Narendra Modi News World EMERGING MARKETS-Turkish lira, bonds firm after Erdogan victory Shares1 Tue, 18 Apr 2017-02:31pm , Reuters The Turkish lira firmed and sovereign dollar bond prices rose on Tuesday after President Tayyip Erdogan's victory in a referendum that handed him sweeping powers, while emerging equities fell as geopolitical tensions dampened risk appetite. The lira strengthened 0.2 percent but was still off a two-week high hit on Monday after a narrow victory for Erdogan in Turkey's referendum on constitutional reform. Erdogan has argued that a concentration of power is needed to prevent instability, but opposition parties challenged the result. European monitors said the referendum did not meet international standard. Turkish dollar bond prices rose across the curve to five-month highs and five-year credit default swaps traded at a two-week low of 233 basis points (bps), according to IHS Markit data. The average yield spread paid by Turkish sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified narrowed by 3 bps to 305 bps, an 11-day low. Greg Saichin, chief investment officer for emerging markets fixed income at Allianz Global Investors, said the tight result was a surprise. "The markets are taking this initial result as positive in so far as the buck now stops with one person and in theory political noise should come down," he said, adding that the next battleground will be the planned 2019 election. "Should the economic outlook deteriorate, or the system move towards a more autocratic style that does not sit well with voters, chances are that the next election will be again about a referendum on Erdogan's new powers," he said. Turkish economic weakness was exposed in data released on Monday showing a rise in the budget deficit and unemployment at a seven-year peak. Away from Turkey, emerging market assets sold off, with MSCI's emerging equities index down 0.3 percent as tensions with North Korea kept investors away from riskier assets. Amongst the biggest fallers were Hong Kong down 1.4 percent to a one-month low, and Chinese mainland stocks, down 0.8 percent. But South Korea steadied, rising 0.1 percent to an 11-day high. The United States and South Korea have pledged to forge a stronger alliance but U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said the free trade agreement between the two will be reviewed. The Korean won fell 0.7 percent to a one-week low. South African assets remained under pressure, with stocks down 0.7 percent and the rand slipping 0.5 percent against the dollar, off a near three-week high. Russian dollar-denominated stocks fell 0.6 percent and the rouble weakened 0.5 percent off a two-week high, with oil prices heading back towards $55 a barrel. The Hungarian forint firmed 0.2 percent against the euro after slumping to a four-month low on Monday. Thousands of Hungarians rallied in Budapest on Saturday against what they said were attempts by the government to silence critical voices, in the latest mass protest. Ashmore, a bellwether stock for the emerging markets asset management sector, saw quarterly net inflows for the first time in nearly three years, helping to drive a 7 percent rise in its total assets. For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg on year Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 959.21 -3.50 -0.36 +11.24 Czech Rep 975.55 -0.97 -0.10 +5.85 Poland 2251.36 +17.73 +0.79 +15.58 Hungary 32566.38 -56.02 -0.17 +1.76 Romania 8238.76 -19.97 -0.24 +16.28 Greece 679.84 -3.73 -0.55 +5.62 Russia 1085.45 -8.82 -0.81 -5.80 South Africa 46340.87 -303.62 -0.65 +5.56 Turkey 90674.31 +20.51 +0.02 +16.04 China 3196.60 -25.57 -0.79 +3.00 India 29523.67 +110.01 +0.37 +10.88 Currencies Latest Prev Local Local close currency currency % change % change in 2017 Czech Rep 26.74 26.65 -0.33 +1.00 Poland 4.24 4.25 +0.12 +3.84 Hungary 312.79 313.54 +0.24 -1.27 Romania 4.52 4.52 +0.12 +0.41 Serbia 123.54 123.54 +0.00 -0.15 Russia 56.17 55.86 -0.55 +9.07 Kazakhstan 310.60 310.81 +0.07 +7.42 Ukraine 26.85 26.82 -0.13 +0.56 South Africa 13.35 13.28 -0.51 +2.87 Kenya 103.35 103.30 -0.05 -0.95 Israel 3.66 3.66 -0.06 +5.23 Turkey 3.69 3.70 +0.19 -4.50 China 6.89 6.88 -0.08 +0.83 India 64.51 64.46 -0.07 +5.33 Brazil 3.10 3.10 +0.00 +5.01 Mexico 18.51 18.50 -0.07 +11.93 Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 334 2 .05 7 76.26 1 (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < REVEALED: What makes Alia Bhatt nervous and worried before her film's release?   Comments   Also Read World African American shoots three dead in Fresno, California World 'Hire American': Donald Trump signs executive order targeting H-1B visa programme used by Indians World Suspect in Facebook video murder kills self in Pennsylvania - Police World This Saudi man's message to his daughter about the hijab breaks all kind of stereotypes World Heartbreak for food lovers as Bangkok to ban street food World UK election will determine future direction of Scotland < Previous ArticleNext Article > REVEALED: What makes Alia Bhatt nervous and worried before her film's release? Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News UN panel raises questions over military courts in Pakistan British lawmakers set to approve PM May's June 8 election plan Syria evacuations resume days after bombing -state media, war monitor Turkey's electoral board will evaluate complaints on referendum on Wednesday - NTV Amarinder orders crackdown on sex determination centres Sport Another blow for Bayern Munich as keeper Manuel Neuer suffers broken foot Tennis-Fit-again Murray eyes first Monte Carlo final Australia planning Bangladesh tour, says Bangladesh Cricket Board official Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, April 19 Australia planning Bangladesh tour, says Bangladesh Cricket Board official Entertainment 'Thor: Ragnarok' director Taika Waititi to play Korg in film FIRST poster of Salman Khan's 'Tubelight' is OUT NOW! You CAN'T miss Pooja Bhatt's reply to Sonu Nigam's azaan rant! Alec Baldwin to replace Robert Osborne as The Essentials host Janet Jackson's creative director speaks out on divorce Money China relaxes some cross-border capital flow curbs - sources Silver prices fall by Rs 288 in futures trade on global cues R Sridhar joins IndoStar Capital as Executive VC, CEO Nickel prices rise 0.26% in futures trade as demand picks up Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Banks Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital US banks are now truly turning the page, asset manager says Silvia Amaro | @Silvia_Amaro 22 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Seeing signs that US banks are truly turning the page: Pro    Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 | 1:10 AM ET | 02:48 The dark days of the financial crisis seem to be over for North American banks with one analyst telling CNBC that rising interest rates will boost margins and increase optimism after a period a readjustment for Wall Street lenders. "When we look at the general landscape, I would say U.S. banks seem to be clearly ending with the eight-year crisis cycle or rebuilding cycle. We've seen signs that U.S. banks are truly turning the page," David Benamou, managing partner at Axiom Alternative Investments, told CNBC on Tuesday. Benamou's words come amid flurry of Wall Street earnings. JPMorgan reported last Thursday first-quarter earnings and revenue above expectations on higher loan growth and trading sales. Revenue reached $25.586 billion compared to the $24.877 billion expected by analysts. Citigroup, meanwhile, also reported higher-than-expected first-quarter earnings, with a net income higher by 17 percent year-over-year boosted by a rise in revenue and lower cost of credit. Its fixed income trading soared 19 percent in comparison to the same period last year. As Goldman Sachs and Bank of America Merrill Lynch prepare to release their numbers on Tuesday, Benamou told CNBC that one should expect last week's positive tone to be repeated. Indeed, expectations of higher interest rates in the U.S. are one of the main drivers of the optimism surrounding U.S. banks as these should boost banks' margins. Bank earnings have been suppressed in the recent low-rate environment, but lenders tend to do well when yields rise and they can charge borrowers more and garner more profits on all sorts of better-yielding investments. show chapters Earnings don't support post-election rally: Atlantic Equities    Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 1:15 AM ET | 03:32 Chris Wheeler, a U.S. banks analyst at Atlantic Equities, noted last Thursday that "much better fixed income results compared to this time last year" also supported banks' performance. President Donald Trump's election win has accentuated a belief of higher inflation going forward, which has in turn led to sharp repositioning in the bond markets. This increased activity has further added to the profits of Wall Street lenders. However, Wheeler warned that commercial lending has fallen. "Commercial lending was particularly strong in last two or three years, it's been very slow since the election," Wheeler told CNBC. "Optimism is quite high but everyone is a little bit nervous about when we should come in, what's the president going to do, what changes are going to come through, so they've been holding back, so loan growth is going to be a big focus of these numbers," he added. Promises from the new U.S. administration to slash regulation and to invest in infrastructure have further boosted banks' share prices. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Silvia AmaroDigital Reporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lifeway Foods, Inc. (LWAY) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target Sirius XM Holdings’ (SIRI) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Macquarie Janney Montgomery Scott Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Wells Fargo & Co Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Mylan (MYL) CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc Barclays PLC Reiterates Outperform Rating for Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Equal Weight” Rating for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) to Release Earnings on Thursday Associated Banc Corp (ASB) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday BB&T Co. (BBT) Set to Announce Earnings on Thursday Green Plains Inc (GPRE) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc. (GOLF) to Sell Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Gladstone Investment Co. (GAIN) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Vetr Inc. Downgrades General Electric Company (GE) to Hold Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ricoh Co Ltd (RICOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Basf Se (ETR:BAS) received a €66.00 ($70.21) price target from stock analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein in a research note issued on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “sell” rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. Morgan Stanley set a €82.00 ($87.23) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. Barclays PLC set a €89.00 ($94.68) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Macquarie set a €105.00 ($111.70) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a €95.00 ($101.06) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Basf Se has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €90.28 ($96.04). Shares of Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 90.564 on Tuesday. Basf Se has a 1-year low of €63.30 and a 1-year high of €94.15. The company has a market capitalization of €83.18 billion and a PE ratio of 20.536. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €90.64 and its 200-day moving average price is €85.81. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/sanford-c-bernstein-analysts-give-basf-se-bas-a-66-00-price-target-2.html. Basf Se Company Profile BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Cloudera Sets IPO Pricing, Terms By Paul Ausick April 17, 2017 11:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet Big data software firm Cloudera on Monday filed an amended Form S-1/A with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for an initial public offering (IPO) to issue 15 million shares of common stock in an expected range of $12 to $14 a share. At the midpoint of that range, Cloudera would raise $195 million at an implied market cap of around $1.66 billion, based on 128 million shares outstanding. Underwriters for the IPO have been granted an overallotment option on an additional 2.25 million shares. Underwriters include Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, Allen, Merrill Lynch, Citi, Deutsche Bank, Stifel, JMP Securities and Raymond James. In the filing, Cloudera said that Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) has indicated an interest in acquiring up to 10% of the IPO shares. If Intel were to do so, the chipmaking giant would hold about 21% of Cloudera’s outstanding shares following the offering. Cloudera’s open source-based Hadoop data management platform plays in the same league as Hortonworks Inc. (NASDAQ: HDP) and Box Inc. (NYSE: BOX), neither of which has been able to hold onto its IPO pricing. Hortonworks is down about 60% since its 2014 IPO, and Box is down nearly 30% since its IPO, according to Barron’s. Cloudera’s valuation had declined from $30.92 per share, the amount Intel paid in 2014, to $17.85 in Cloudera’s most recent awards to employees last month. From a one-time valuation of around $4 billion to less than $2 billion is not a particularly good sign for investors. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Gas Prices Rise in 41 States, Hit $2.41 Nationwide Why HCA Holdings Stock Tumbled Monday » Read more: Technology, IPOs and Secondaries, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Property Taxes Cities Where Crime Is Soaring Most Educated City in Each State 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Yahoo! Reports Earnings for the Last Time IBM Stumbles on Mixed Earnings Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P500 Valeant, Arena Pharmaceuticals in Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Goldman Sachs Earnings: A Disappointing Quarter, but There Was Some Good News Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Is on an Impressive Run Could Instagram's Revenue Really Hit $22 Billion by 2021? May WTI oil trades at $52.30/bbl vs. Nymex settlement at $52.41 WTI oil slips in electronic trade after settling at a more than 1-week low IBM expects fiscal 2017 non-GAAP earnings of 'at least' $13.80, FactSet est. $13.77 New Breakout Stocks Today Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Here's Why OncoMed Pharmaceuticals (OMED) Stock Fell Today Verizon's CEO Open to Merger Talks with Disney, Comcast, CBS Sterling gets market's vote, stocks cold-shouldered Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22 percent Goldman Sachs licks wounds in equities trading as peers grab share U.S. House Panel to Begin Hearings on Tax Reform Next Week U.S. Consumers Could Suffer From Dodd-Frank, CFPB Changes Oil Dips on Bloated U.S. Market Jake Tapper Nails The Hypocrisy In Trump's 'Buy American' Executive Order Trump's Call To Turkey's Erdogan Highlights The Ethical Mess He's Brought To The White House These People Are Locked In A 50-Hour Kissing Contest For A Free Car Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Downgrades General Electric Company (GE) to Hold Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ricoh Co Ltd (RICOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Chevron Co. (CVX) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Basic Energy Services, Inc. (BAS) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Maxim Group Analysts Give DelMar Pharmaceuticals Inc (DMPI) a $11.00 Price Target Digital Ally, Inc. (DGLY) Given a $9.00 Price Target at Westpark Capital Countrywide (CYWDF) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. DnB Nor ASA (DNHBY) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Dunelm Group Plc Unspon (DNLMY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research NVR, Inc. (NVR) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (WDR) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC GKN plc’s (GKN) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) Earns “Hold” Rating from Shore Capital Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Citigroup Inc Vetr Inc. Downgrades General Electric Company (GE) to Hold April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) was downgraded by equities research analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Friday. They currently have a $30.43 price target on the stock. Vetr‘s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 2.67% from the stock’s current price. A number of other brokerages have also recently commented on GE. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of General Electric Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “underweight” rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 target price on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Sanford C. Bernstein upgraded shares of General Electric Company from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their target price for the company from $33.00 to $40.00 in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a $36.00 target price on shares of General Electric Company and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $32.97. Shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.64 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $258.60 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.19 and a beta of 1.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $29.82 and a 200 day moving average of $30.22. General Electric Company has a 12-month low of $28.19 and a 12-month high of $33.00. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last issued its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46. The business earned $33.10 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $33.67 billion. General Electric Company had a net margin of 6.86% and a return on equity of 15.99%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 2.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.52 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Stockholders of record on Monday, February 27th will be paid a $0.24 dividend. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.24%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 23rd. General Electric Company’s payout ratio is 106.67%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Vetr Inc. Downgrades General Electric Company (GE) to Hold” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/vetr-inc-downgrades-general-electric-company-ge-to-hold.html. In other General Electric Company news, insider Jeffrey S. Bornstein acquired 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was acquired at an average price of $29.63 per share, with a total value of $148,150.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now owns 68,757 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,037,269.91. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total transaction of $4,719,608.72. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 738,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,842,090.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Fusion Family Wealth LLC acquired a new position in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new position in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $140,000. Turner Investments LLC acquired a new position in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $161,000. New Harbor Financial Group LLC raised its position in General Electric Company by 46.0% in the third quarter. New Harbor Financial Group LLC now owns 5,828 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 1,837 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $177,000. 54.68% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. General Electric Company Company Profile To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ashmore Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashmore Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (WDR) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC GKN plc’s (GKN) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) Earns “Hold” Rating from Shore Capital Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Citigroup Inc Meggitt (MEGGF) Raised to “Buy” at Bank of America Corp Morgan Stanley Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Software AG (STWRY) PTC Inc (PTC) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday PrivateBancorp Inc (PVTB) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) PT Lowered to $64.00 Barclays PLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for NuStar GP Holdings, LLC (NSH) Instinet Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Armstrong World Industries Inc (AWI) Faurecia (FURCY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Ecsc Group PLC (ECSC) Earns “Buy” Rating from Stockdale Securities Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Mizuho Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) to Release Earnings on Wednesday BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Given a $10.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Instinet Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) Earns “Hold” Rating from Shore Capital April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Ashmore Group plc (LON:ASHM)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by equities research analysts at Shore Capital in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. A number of other research firms also recently commented on ASHM. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on shares of Ashmore Group plc from GBX 312 ($3.93) to GBX 325 ($4.09) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a GBX 330 ($4.15) price objective on shares of Ashmore Group plc in a research note on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on shares of Ashmore Group plc from GBX 305 ($3.84) to GBX 320 ($4.03) and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Citigroup Inc raised shares of Ashmore Group plc to a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 370 ($4.66) price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Finally, BNP Paribas reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 290 ($3.65) price objective on shares of Ashmore Group plc in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 321.07 ($4.04). Shares of Ashmore Group plc (LON:ASHM) opened at 359.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 2.40 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 356.74 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 327.57. Ashmore Group plc has a one year low of GBX 240.00 and a one year high of GBX 379.70. The business also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 9th were issued a GBX 4.55 ($0.06) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.36%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 9th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) Earns “Hold” Rating from Shore Capital” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/ashmore-group-plc-ashm-earns-hold-rating-from-shore-capital.html. About Ashmore Group plc Ashmore Group plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which operates as a specialist emerging markets asset manager. The Company offers a range of investment themes, such as external debt, local currency, corporate debt, blended debt, equities, alternatives, multi-strategy and overlay/liquidity. Its geographical segments include United Kingdom, United States and Others. Receive News & Ratings for Ashmore Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashmore Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Be first to read MaltaToday and save 40% with our digital edition. Get it now for only €50 per year Back MaltaToday DealToday Jobs Pharmacies Restaurants My Account Logout Login to Digital Edition Register for SMS Alerts Sign-up with Facebook or enter your details manually below... First Name: Last Name: Email: Password: Hometown: Birthday: Create my account Sorry, we couldn't find that email. Existing users Email Send me a new password Password Login Sorry, we couldn't find those details. Enter Email Submit Sorry, we couldn't find that email. 19th April 2017 Get SMS Alerts Digital Edition Archives Search National Europe World Court & Police Interview Data & Surveys XTRA Budget 2017 Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch Football Rugby Motor Sports Boxing Tennis Cricket Food Gourmet Today Health & Fitness Today Health Environment Travel Art Books Entertainment Music Theatre & Dance Film Cultural Diary Valletta 2018 Blogs Editorial Letters Cartoons Home News Business Sports Lifestyle Arts Comment Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch World UN Holocaust files to be made public for first time since 1940s World US gunman kills three white men 'in race attack' World Child refugees in Europe 'forced to sell bodies' to pay smugglers World EU urges Ankara to probe claims of illegal vote in referendum National [WATCH] Brace yourselves for vindictive PN attacks, Cardona warns... National [WATCH] Muscat denies secret Panama company Egrant belongs to him... National Labour amends statute to be in compliance with party financing la... Court & Police Hamrun murder: Accused claims he was attacked while trying to set... World Turkish police helicopter crashes in east with 12 onboard Court & Police Hunter has licence permanently revoked, fined €5,000 for shooti... Valletta 2018 Valletta 2018 chairman wants Malta to get cracking for 2030 capit... National [WATCH] Labour, PN warn each other poses a threat to free healthc... Other Sports Italy's Andrea Presti takes top honours at the 2017 IFBB Diamond ... Court & Police Enemalta to compensate pharmacy for medicines spoilt by power cut National PN says Muscat must ask NAO to publish audit into government cred... Cultural Diary This small Zejtun church was a lookout for pirates and still has ... Home Business Business Comment Positive earnings reports pleases Wall Street | Calamatta Cuschieri European markets were closed during Monday’s trading session due to the Easter and bank holidays, but markets were kept busy with news coming out of Ankara Calamatta Cuschieri 18 April 2017, 9:15am Print Version European markets were closed during Monday’s trading session due to the Easter and bank holidays, but markets were kept busy with news coming out of Ankara European markets were closed during Monday’s trading session due to the Easter and bank holidays, but markets were kept busy with news coming out of Ankara that the referendum was marginally won by the Yes campaign. This now means that the Turkish president will now be granted executive powers and the Turkish political system will now change from a parliamentary system to a presidential system. Due to European markets being closed, focus shifted on to the American side of the Atlantic on Monday as earnings season is currently underway with many firms reporting their financial results. US Vice President, Mike Pence, visited the Demilitarised Zone between North and South Korea as part of his Asian tour. Pence’s visit comes as the North Korean regime has increased its rhetoric and continued with the advancement of its nuclear program. Despite this concern, Wall Street commenced trading on a positive note as the opening bell was rung and ended the day twenty points higher from the previous close. JC Penney shares rise higher JC Penney’s share price took a hit during Monday’s trading as the American department store reported that it was postponing the planned liquidation of 138 of its stores JC Penney’s share price took a hit during Monday’s trading as the American department store reported that it was postponing the planned liquidation of 138 of its stores. The company had previously reported that it was closing the stores in February as it was undergoing a cost cutting programme. Following this statement, sales had initially increased which then prompted the company to postpone its decision to close down the stores until at least 31 July. Wells Fargo’s profits fall as scandal takes its toll Shares in the American retail bank Wells Fargo, rose even though the bank is still trying to repair the damage done by the bogus accounts scandal. Well Fargo’s net income fell by 1% when compared to the same period last year with revenues also decreasing by 1% as they came in at $22bn. Ongoing investigations into the scandal have revealed that the bank’s top executives knew about the scandal a year before the news broke out. Investigations have revealed that the scandal was brought about by the aggressive targets placed on the bank’s employees. JP Morgan Chase posts solid results The American investment bank JP Morgan Chase, posted a 17% rise in net income during the first quarter of 2017 despite the fact that their retail banking unit showed signs of slowing down. The major contributor to the bank’s bottom line was the investment banking unit which also reported a 17% rise in revenues to $9.5bn. The bank might have to thank the Trump administration for the increase in revenues as the President himself has mentioned that interest rates should be increased, taxes should be lowered and lighter regulation should be implemented, as these are all factors that play well into the hands of JP Morgan Chase. Disclaimer: This article was issued by Simon Gauci Borda, Trader at Calamatta Cuschieri. For more information visit, www.cc.com.mt. The information, view and opinions provided in this article is being provided solely for educational and informational purposes and should not be construed as investment advice, advice concerning particular investments or investment decisions, or tax or legal advice. Calamatta Cuschieri Investment Services Ltd has not verified and consequently neither warrants the accuracy nor the veracity of any information, views or opinions appearing on this website. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Calamatta Cuschieri is one of Malta’s largest financial services firms. The company offe... More from Calamatta Cuschieri World UN Holocaust files to be made public for first tim... World US gunman kills three white men 'in race attack' World Child refugees in Europe 'forced to sell bodies' t... World EU urges Ankara to probe claims of illegal vote in... National [WATCH] Brace yourselves for vindictive PN attacks... National [WATCH] Muscat denies secret Panama company Egrant... National Labour amends statute to be in compliance with par... Court & Police Hamrun murder: Accused claims he was attacked whil... World Turkish police helicopter crashes in east with 12 ... Court & Police Hunter has licence permanently revoked, fined €5... Valletta 2018 Valletta 2018 chairman wants Malta to get cracking... National [WATCH] Labour, PN warn each other poses a threat ... Other Sports Italy's Andrea Presti takes top honours at the 201... Court & Police Enemalta to compensate pharmacy for medicines spoi... National PN says Muscat must ask NAO to publish audit into ... DealToday Trending Articles 1 National [WATCH] Brace yourselves for vindictive PN attacks, Cardona warns Labour officials 2 National [WATCH] Muscat denies secret Panama company Egrant belongs to him or his relatives 3 National [WATCH] Labour, PN warn each other poses a threat to free healthcare 4 Court & Police Hamrun murder: Accused claims he was attacked while trying to settle argument 5 Cultural Diary This small Zejtun church was a lookout for pirates and still has a traditional festa Latest Business News NAO holding on to audit of ministerial credit cards Business News 09:28 An investigation by the National Audit Office into the use of government credit cards by officials and ministers has been completed, bu... Positive earnings reports pleases Wall Street | Calamatta Cuschieri Business Comment 09:15 European markets were closed during Monday’s trading session due to the Easter and bank holidays, but markets were kept busy with news... 10% more Maltese visit Gozo over Easter Business News 18-04 The Gozo Channel registered a 10.6% increase in passengers travelling to Gozo during Easter week when compared to the same period last year Facebook examines moderation policies following Robert Godwin’s murder Technology 18-04 Facebook has launched a review of how it deals with violent content after taking more than two hours to remove a video which shows a man com... The week ahead | Calamatta Cuschieri Business Comment 17-04 The week ahead will be dominated by two major headlines: the result of Turkey’s referendum and the rising tensions between North and S... Digital Edition Archives Deals About Us Privacy Policy   Terms and conditions   Advertising rates   maltatoday@mediatoday.com.mt   +356 21382741 MediaToday is an independent media house based in Malta. Copyright © MediaToday Co. Ltd, Vjal ir-Rihan, San Gwann SGN 9016, Malta, Europe Reproduction of material from this website without written permission is strictly prohibited.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cybg Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives Underperform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Carr's Group PLC (CARR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Artilium plc (ARTA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap British American Tobacco plc’s (BATS) Hold Rating Reiterated at Whitman Howard BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Given a GBX 1,510 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Short Interest in Vectren Corp (VVC) Decreases By 39.1% Meggitt plc (MGGT) Upgraded by Bank of America Corp to “Buy” Judges Scientific PLC (JDG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Norcros plc’s (NXR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BancFirst Co. (BANF) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday CYS Investments Inc (CYS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Unilever plc (ULVR) a GBX 3,240 Price Target Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Given New GBX 120 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG TT Electronics plc (TTG) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives Underperform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada restated their underperform rating on shares of Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) in a report published on Wednesday morning. Royal Bank of Canada currently has a GBX 200 ($2.52) target price on the stock. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the company. Macquarie reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 293 ($3.69) price target on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lifted their price objective on Cybg Plc from GBX 300 ($3.78) to GBX 310 ($3.90) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an underweight rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.77) price objective on shares of Cybg Plc in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Panmure Gordon started coverage on Cybg Plc in a report on Thursday, February 16th. They set a sell rating and a GBX 245 ($3.08) price objective on the stock. Finally, Shore Capital restated a hold rating on shares of Cybg Plc in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Cybg Plc currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 247 ($3.11). Shares of Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) opened at 281.831 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 271.78 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 277.34. Cybg Plc has a one year low of GBX 203.70 and a one year high of GBX 306.90. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/cybg-plc-cybg-receives-underperform-rating-from-royal-bank-of-canada.html. In other Cybg Plc news, insider David Duffy sold 54,374 shares of Cybg Plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 264 ($3.32), for a total transaction of £143,547.36 ($180,676.35). About Cybg Plc CYBG PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which intends to be the holding company for CYB Investments Limited (CYBI) and Clydesdale Bank PLC (Clydesdale Bank). The Company will own National Australia Bank Limited’s Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank operations (the Clydesdale Bank business). Clydesdale Bank provides the United Kingdom retail and small and medium enterprises (SME) banking services. Receive News & Ratings for Cybg Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pagegroup PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Meggitt plc (MGGT) Upgraded by Bank of America Corp to “Buy” Judges Scientific PLC (JDG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Norcros plc’s (NXR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BancFirst Co. (BANF) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday CYS Investments Inc (CYS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Unilever plc (ULVR) a GBX 3,240 Price Target Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Given New GBX 120 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG TT Electronics plc (TTG) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Louisiana-Pacific Co. (LPX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Manning and Napier Inc (MN) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research LEGRAND SA EUR4 (LGRVF) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Investors Buy Shares of Hess Corp. (HES) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Short Interest in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Increases By 54.8% Capstone Mining Corp (CS) Research Coverage Started at CSFB Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital reiterated their buy rating on shares of Pagegroup PLC (LON:PAGE) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday morning. Liberum Capital currently has a GBX 415 ($5.22) target price on the stock. PAGE has been the subject of several other reports. Barclays PLC reiterated an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 410 ($5.16) price target on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research report on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 320 ($4.03) to GBX 360 ($4.53) and gave the company an underweight rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. HSBC Holdings plc lifted their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 440 ($5.54) to GBX 490 ($6.17) and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 400 ($5.03) price target (up from GBX 350 ($4.41)) on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 335 ($4.22) to GBX 395 ($4.97) and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Pagegroup PLC currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 399.91 ($5.03). Pagegroup PLC (LON:PAGE) opened at 491.4962 on Wednesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.53 billion. Pagegroup PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 156.30 and a 52-week high of GBX 494.50. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 433.32 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 400.93. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/pagegroup-plcs-page-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-liberum-capital.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be given a dividend of GBX 8.23 ($0.10) per share. This represents a yield of 1.92%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. Pagegroup PLC Company Profile PageGroup plc, formerly Michael Page International plc, is engaged in the recruitment consultancy and other ancillary services. The Company’s segments include EMEA, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific and Americas. The Company is organized into approximately three brands operating at various levels of the market: Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Executive. Receive News & Ratings for Pagegroup PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pagegroup PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Meggitt plc (MGGT) Upgraded by Bank of America Corp to “Buy” Judges Scientific PLC (JDG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Norcros plc’s (NXR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BancFirst Co. (BANF) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday CYS Investments Inc (CYS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Unilever plc (ULVR) a GBX 3,240 Price Target Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Given New GBX 120 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG TT Electronics plc (TTG) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Louisiana-Pacific Co. (LPX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Manning and Napier Inc (MN) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research LEGRAND SA EUR4 (LGRVF) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Investors Buy Shares of Hess Corp. (HES) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Short Interest in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Increases By 54.8% Capstone Mining Corp (CS) Research Coverage Started at CSFB Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital reiterated their buy rating on shares of Pagegroup PLC (LON:MPI) in a research note published on Wednesday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Liberum Capital currently has a GBX 415 ($5.22) target price on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently commented on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a GBX 410 ($5.16) price target on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 490 ($6.17) price target on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Royal Bank of Canada upped their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 400 ($5.03) to GBX 430 ($5.41) and gave the company a sector performer rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.54) price target on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 360 ($4.53) to GBX 390 ($4.91) and gave the company an underweight rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 422.27 ($5.31). WARNING: “Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/liberum-capital-reiterates-buy-rating-for-pagegroup-plc-mpi.html. About Pagegroup PLC PageGroup plc, formerly Michael Page International plc, is engaged in the recruitment consultancy and other ancillary services. The Company’s segments include EMEA, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific and Americas. The Company is organized into approximately three brands operating at various levels of the market: Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Executive. Receive News & Ratings for Pagegroup PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
