Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 63-82 We set you thinking Thursday 20 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World New 'Australian values' test planned for citizenship 1492663260 Business Kuwait oil minister says expects extension of OPEC, non-OPEC deal 1492671311 World Indonesian Muslim candidate wins Jakarta election-pollsters 1492607520 World US Vice President Pence praises Indonesia’s democratic, tolerant values 1492670810 World Indonesia prosecutors call for one-year jail term for Jakarta governor 1492665720 Entertainment Singapore Heritage Fest to share stories of S’pore’s TV history 1492575060 World Britain will lose more from Brexit than EU, bloc's foreign policy chief says 1492666380 World Southern Thailand attacks reflect tension over peace talks, conflict monitor says 1492668329 Singapore 8 JCs, including Anderson and Serangoon, to merge amid falling demand for places 1492664400 Business Pence says seeks fairer trade with Indonesia 1492667478 Business Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports 1492667515 Business Exclusive: Buffett likely voted shares to back Wells Fargo board 1492666921 World China says Interpol 'red notice' issued for tycoon Guo Wengui 1492665195 Business Worries over Trump policies cloud start of IMF, World Bank meetings 1492664774 Business Oil prices claw back some losses, but oversupply still weighs 1492664454 Business Elliott releases private letters after Arconic CEO's departure 1492663776 China&India Chinese villagers cut down live endangered tree to make coffin 1492659360 Daily Focus Sulphur-powered giant shipworm unearthed in Philippines 1492661816 Voices See mental well-being of workers as part of social security 1492661810 Entertainment Who is the new Mrs Aaron Kwok? All about Moka Fang, model and actress who’s the bride of Canto-pop star 1492650660 World Tennis superstar Serena Williams confirms her pregnancy 1492644960 Commentary Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout 1492632120 World Facebook out to read minds 1492647660 Entertainment Sifa 2017 to feature Korean opera, ‘intimate’ stories from homeowners 1492641420 World North Korea says 'don't mess with us' as U.S. plans next move 1492659846 World Media have duty to combat fake news, says M’sian PM Najib 1492653060 Singapore FAS affiliates hope for solution in donation saga 1492632120 Singapore Kong Hee apologises for ‘unwise decisions’, says ‘at peace’ with jail term 1492613340 Singapore Othman Wok was a ‘courageous soul who spoke up for diversity’ 1492632120 Singapore No multiracial Singapore if not for Othman Wok: PM Lee 1492632120 Business ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors 1492649760 World Malaysia doesn’t need Zakir Naik, MIC president says 1492656960 China&India Like Trump, China has no good North Korea options: QuickTake Q&A 1492658208 World Venezuelan protests against government leave three dead 1492656666 World China issues stricter rules for officials to report assets 1492655848 Business General Motors says Venezuela illegally seizes auto plant 1492656076 World Asylum seekers crossing into Canada increase with warmer weather 1492655901 Lifestyle 70-year-old Chinese woman poses in Minnie Mouse get-up to pay family bills 1492653360 World South Koreans feeling cheated after US carrier miscue 1492652209 Business BlackRock CEO Fink sees wave of M&A in asset management industry 1492651701 Business Booming ETFs help BlackRock weather investors' cost-cutting 1492632378 World Dominican Republic ratifies terms of Odebrecht's $184 million plea deal 1492651274 Lifestyle Head to Speyside for a great  whisky tour: Master blender 1492650721 Commentary Imagining endless possible futures 1492609560 World White House aware of 'potential negative impacts' of Iran deal review 1492635446 World White House defends portrayal of 'armada' push toward Korean peninsula 1492649296 World Mexican ex-governor stalls fast-track extradition from Guatemala 1492647640 World Ahok’s sound defeat in Jakarta Governor race a blow to Widodo 1492647120 Business Trump asks for probe into imports of foreign-made steel: officials 1492646370 Business United Airlines says it will testify at House hearing 1492645474 Business Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia A view of the exterior of the Citibank corporate headquarters in New York, New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:15 AM, April 20, 2017 HONG KONG - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focused more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realize the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalize on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22 percent Worries over Trump policies cloud start of IMF, World Bank meetings Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh Wells Fargo's banking agreement with Nevada extended Wells Fargo tests Facebook chatbot Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks Wall Street rallies in low volume led by banks, tech Wall Street ends lower; Trump comments dampen sentiment late Inside Today World US Vice President Pence praises Indonesia’s democratic, tolerant values Southern Thailand attacks reflect tension over peace talks, conflict monitor says Britain will lose more from Brexit than EU, bloc's foreign policy chief says Indonesia prosecutors call for one-year jail term for Jakarta governor China says Interpol 'red notice' issued for tycoon Guo Wengui Business Kuwait oil minister says expects extension of OPEC, non-OPEC deal Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports Pence says seeks fairer trade with Indonesia Exclusive: Buffett likely voted shares to back Wells Fargo board Worries over Trump policies cloud start of IMF, World Bank meetings Sports FAS affiliates hope for solution in donation saga Lions to face star-packed Argentina here on June 13 President Tony Tan urges Team S’pore to build on ‘exceptional’ 2016 FAS, Bill Ng trade salvos over donation saga ‘lies’ Bill Ng replies to Winston Lee's account: Full statement here Entertainment Who is the new Mrs Aaron Kwok? All about Moka Fang, model and actress who’s the bride of Canto-pop star Sifa 2017 to feature Korean opera, ‘intimate’ stories from homeowners Singapore Heritage Fest to share stories of S’pore’s TV history ‘Scammer’ in Edmund Chen case allegedly conned others Singapore talent on the Asian Children’s Book Award shortlist About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Money Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia Shares1 Thu, 20 Apr 2017-05:04am , Reuters With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focused more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Is blind hiring the best hiring? Money Salary received in NRE a/c is not taxable Money Will your job stay after long sabbatical? Money H1-B Visa gag to crimp IT firms' margins 2-3% Money Beacon manufacturers don't see red in 'red-beacon' ban Money DG Shipping warns Indian ships to stay away from Gulf of Aden Related Ahead of monetary policy review, HSBC says RBI may focus on excess liquidity management Black money: Probe into Indians named by HSBC, Leichstenstein banks complete, says Arun Jaitley Black money: Probe into Indians named by HSBC, Leichstenstein banks complete, says Arun Jaitley Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags HSBC China Citigroup Coalition Deutsche Bank Ajay Sharma Reuters Asia Pacific Muhammad Aurangzeb Eurasia Middle Eastern Robert Walters SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News 'You have no sense of responsibility': NGT rebukes Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on Yamuna damage May to make election pledge to end EU free movement of people into UK - Daily Mail Watchdog says Yemen rebel land mines killed, maimed hundreds Another death row inmate's life spared in Arkansas EU's top diplomat says China's New Silk Road must be open to Europeans Sport FEATURE-Athletics-New U.S. relays coach has big task - finding gold Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says FACTBOX-Athletics-The ups and downs of U.S. men's 4x100m relays Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, April 20 Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says Entertainment Michael B Jordan to star in 'Fahrenheit 451' film adaptation HC restrains police from action against Shah Rukh Khan in property damage case during 'Raees' promotions A decade long romance: Films that captured Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's on-screen chemistry Kashish 2017 to crowdfund South Asia's biggest LGBTQI film fest Rishi Kapoor on BMC radar for axing 'extra' branches of tree Money Global Q1 health IT VC deals at $1.6 bn; Indian tally at $61mn Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Franklin Templeton MF hikes stake in Somany Ceramics to 5.22% Zinc futures down 1 pc on muted demand, profit-booking GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in As... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States INWire | Thu Apr 20, 2017 | 11:51am IST Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia left right A man looks at the Pudong financial district of Shanghai November 20, 2013. REUTERS/Carlos Barria 1/2 left right People take photos with the skyline of the financial district of Singapore in the background April 14, 2014. REUTERS/Edgar Su 2/2 By Sumeet Chatterjee | HONG KONG HONG KONG With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focussed more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In INWire China's LeEco plans sale of $420 million Beijing real estate - sources TAIPEI/HONG KONG Chinese tech conglomerate LeEco is in talks to sell a prized property asset in the heart of Beijing it acquired in a $420 million deal last year, the latest effort by the electric car-to-smartphone behemoth to raise funds amid a severe cash crunch. Australia, NZ reach agreement on Pacific trade pact MELBOURNE Australia and New Zealand reached agreement on a landmark Pacific trade pact on Thursday to cut down trade barriers, boost tourism and raise living standards in the region, the two governments said on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick RBI to keep rates steady over the next 18 months: Reuters poll Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. Posted 20 Apr 2017 07:15 A view of the exterior of the Citibank corporate headquarters in New York, New York, U.S. May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files A J.P. Morgan logo is seen in New York City, U.S. January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A HONG KONG: With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focused more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realize the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalize on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia By Reuters Published: 19:04 EDT, 19 April 2017 | Updated: 19:04 EDT, 19 April 2017 e-mail By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG, April 20 (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focused more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&amp;A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway Heating things up 'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new music video... shot the day before terror attack Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Romantic vacation 'Don't say that!' Sam Faiers scolds beau Paul Knightley as he BLASTS Loose Women panel with foul-mouthed slur... after they slam him for THAT kiss Time to Chris and make-up? Jesy Nelson taunts ex Clark as she flashes assets in sexy red leather bralet as Little Mix star prepares to 'paint the town red' Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA Flaunted her bump in a clinging low-cut number  What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her 'Lock up daughters and crowbars!': Corrie viewers AGHAST as Tina McIntyre's killer Rob Donovan makes return to the cobbles to meet Tracy Barlow 'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together How romantic Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  EXCLUSIVE: 'She met up with him and they went to a pool party': TOWIE's Kate Wright 'enjoyed dates with Rio Ferdinand in Dubai'... as poses in swimwear Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester) 'It's all a lot looser': Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd makes VERY lewd profession about pregnant star on Mummy Diaries... as fans fawn over Nelly She snaps back quick! Slender Amanda Seyfried makes first red carpet appearance with Thomas Sadoski after giving birth last month Return to spotlight So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Full family outing  Oh not again, Abbey! Bleary-eyed Clancy appears worse for wear as she is guided into car by husband Peter Crouch following star-studded dinner TOWIE's Courtney Green enjoys campsite night with beau Myles Barnett in saucy reunion... as Chloe Lewis admits to sex on the beach That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and patterned tights in London Gone with the wind! Lucy Mecklenburgh almost suffers a serious wardrobe faux pas when her bright orange floral dress blows up as she heads out in LA All that glitters! Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown as she attends Harper's Bazaar bash in New York Got her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash Ready to have fun 'Where has he been hiding?' Pregnant Binky Felstead shares a treasured family throwback... as fans go crazy for her 'hot' older brother Oliver Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  Hollywood nights Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles All bundled up  in sweats and a bomber jacket Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA Looked in fine form Emmerdale star Lucy Pargeter, 40, joyously announces arrival of twin daughters with fiancé Rudi Coleano... after conceiving using IVF Lily Aldridge flashes flesh in gold velvet dress with asymmetric rear sash at World Of Children Hero Awards She's no stranger to showing a bit of skin TOWIE star Ferne McCann 'dumps' her boyfriend after police 'find guns and drugs' at his home and hunt him over nightclub acid attack  Beaming Lisa Snowdon dazzles in flirty frilled blouse as she cosies up to dashing fiancé George Smart at star-studded art gallery bash Bust date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson A very plunging dress for her night out  All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC Warm spring temperatures  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'too soon' to start dating again following the tragic death of her husband René Angélil Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled An all-star cast EXCLUSIVE Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead 'Do not disturb!' Make-up free Ashley James shows off her incredible body in sexy 'mankini' style bikini as she relaxes in hammock after swim on idyllic Mexican holiday Pretty in pink! Priyanka Chopra takes the plunge in cutout dress at Harper's Bazaar's 150th anniversary party Miss World 2000 Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her age-defying figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway JoJo Fletcher and Jordan Rodgers wear matching leather jackets as they share a kiss at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere Dressing together Matching cleavage! Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event Former supermodel 'We talk about children. All the time!' Geordie Shore's Charlotte Crosby reveals she's 'baby mad' and has already picked out names Teddy and Wolf with beau Stephen Bear 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises' RHOC star Missé Beqiri adds fuel to pregnancy speculation with beau Jake Hall as she strategically masks her stomach... yet swiftly DELETES and replaces shot She wasn't EX-pecting to see him! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in VERY sexy lace bustier top as attends same private view as her former MIC flame Spencer Matthews 'Double trouble': Alexa Chung wears playful slogan T-shirt with oversized fluffy jacket and cropped jeans as she touches down in LA  New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot Snap, snapping away Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mum' 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian 'I love the big guy!' Delta Goodrem continues to fuel romance rumours with The Voice co-star Seal while chatting to Today's Karl Stefanovic...who jokes about their own tabloid 'relationship' A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood 'It's going to be a scarier version': Chris Pratt teases the storyline behind upcoming sequel Jurassic World 2 Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her blossoming bump in a jumpsuit on Instagram... just a day after celebrating her 30th birthday 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album Baby on board! Katherine Heigl slips on motorcycle jacket and jeans for flight out of LAX with four-month-old son Joshua Jr. Newly single Mel B wows in a striped blue dress as she steps out for meeting... after it's revealed star will join Spice Girls reunion following split from 'unnerving' Stephen Belafonte Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Looking incredible Caitlyn Jenner steps out after revealing she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage  Lauren Goodger shrouds her curves in a grey T-shirt and black leggings as she heads to the gym... after putting on a bodacious bikini display in Dubai Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Fab in florals! Tyra Banks is radiant in colorful pantsuit at star-studded Freeform Upfront event Khloe Kardashian rocks track pants after visiting Tristan Thompson...as it's claimed she is 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over new tell-all book PICTURED: Ferne McCann kisses bad boy beau Arthur Collins in happier times... as she demands he turns himself in to police over nightclub acid attack When life gives you lemons! Defiant Vicky Pattison hits back at weight gain claims in VERY busty yellow bikini... as fans laud her 'phenomenal' looks Millie Mackintosh exudes Grecian goddess glamour in a halterneck ivory gown as she jets over to Monaco for her SIXTH getaway in just four months 'Hell NO, I'm not pregnant': Coronation Street's Tina O'Brien forced to deny she's expecting her third child after fans tweet about her on-screen 'bump'  No lady Doctor in the Tardis (for now): BBC writes to worried fan to 'assure' them that Peter Capaldi's replacement WON'T be a woman 'He's funny... and has a big c***': Heather Locklear crudely reveals the appeal of ex David Spade amid his romance with Naya Rivera Jon Hamm's kidnapper divorces the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in new season three trailer Showing him what he's missing! Mariah Carey, 47, flaunts her generous chest in low-cut LBD after split from beau Bryan Tanaka, 34 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man and was 'prepared to lose everything' Get ready beauty lovers! Kylie Jenner gives her fans a sneak peek at new KKW make-up collaboration with sister Kim Kardashian after teasing the collection in a video  Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace 'What a fantastic day!' Jessica Ennis-Hill is joined by dapper husband Andy Hill as she's made a Dame by Duke of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace Ronnie Wood's ex Jo is left 'furious' after she was thrown off an overbooked easyJet flight on her way home from Easter break  My mini me! Low-key Jenna Dewan enjoys girls' day out with adorable daughter Everly Happy days  Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Things working out? Hilary Duff shows off toned legs in skintight leggings as she exercises with (and stares adoringly at) ex Jason Walsh Getting her smile back: Billie Lourd is cheered up by beau Taylor Lautner as she puts on a leggy display during shopping trip Ready to mingle? Brad Pitt 'has been dating a bit' just six months after split with Angelina Jolie The actor 'has been dating' according report from People magazine. Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  'I didn't want to fail this child!': Katherine Heigl says she deliberated for nine months before naming son after husband Joshua Kelley Happy birthday sweetie! Katie Holmes unveils three cakes for daughter Suri's 11th birthday party... while Tom Cruise jets around Europe Out of this world! Gigi Hadid wears NASA cap with oversized sweats on casual solo outing in New York The 21-year-old covered up while on a solo outing Strike a pose! Ashley Graham flashes her cleavage and shapely legs in slinky LBD for New York photo shoot Showing all her best bits Doting dad! Ben Affleck steps out with son Samuel... after it's revealed Jennifer Garner 'waited to file for divorce until after his rehab stint' Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James 'Nothing to see here!' Rachel Riley left red-faced after cheeky Countdown spelling incident... as viewers take to Twitter in amusement The 70s called... Tallia Storm flaunts  abs in tiny pink crop top and patterned flares...after revealing she's moved on from Brooklyn with mystery older man VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'You lazy cows are still in bed?' Abbey Clancy joins forces with her personal trainer brother to put the BNTM girls through their paces 'People don't want to know you!' BNTM's first transgender model Talulah-Eve poses in her underwear... as she reveals tension with Abbey Clancy Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris 'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression' Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami 'Claustrophobia rocks!' Josh Brolin begins pre-production for Deadpool 2 with face cast as Cable Stop the music! Prince's estate sues his long-time sound engineer over planned release of six unheard tracks from the late singer, citing 'theft and misappropriation of trade secrets' Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle NFL stars and Snoop Dog slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben Affleck until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous Pregnant Chanelle Hayes debuts her bare baby bump in a stunning shoot... after revealing she's expecting a second boy  Glowing 'I was LIVING': Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video EXCLUSIVE 'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby return at Cannes Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans 'I'm going to mention it in my Christmas card': Julia Roberts receives People's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a FIFTH time... beating pal George Clooney record Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama A Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family 'I want to do it justice for survivors': Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon defends her grooming storyline... after it's revealed the character will be raped Gail Porter flashes a smile as she steps out in London... three months after revealing her bankruptcy woes The TV presenter, 46, was seen smiling  Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film The Promise on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's release in an attempt to discredit Armenian genocide Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit the latest issue of Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Kate's show of support: Dressed-down Duchess of Cambridge hosts a reception for Heads Together Marathon runners at Kensington Palace 'It is horrible that people can do that': Elsa Pataky weighs in on celebrity photo hacking and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones Defiant Chloe Sims steps out in casual blue shirt for TOWIE filming amid explosive rivalry with Megan McKenna over her ex Pete Wicks Drama to one side 'Be with someone you'd want your daughter to be with': Jamie O'Hara takes a thinly veiled dig at Ferne McCann His cousin was a victim Boyfriend of TOWIE's Ferne McCann pictured living the high-life and swigging champagne just days before becoming a suspect in acid attack 'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in Hollywood 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ Open and honest  'He brings joy into our lives!' Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears Geordie Shore's Elettra Lamborghini leaves Chloe Ferry in tears as she gets STEAMY in the shower with Marty McKenna... with backlash from fans 'Hard work pays off!' MIC's Louise Thompson displays her gym-honed six-pack as she goes braless in a bandeau top  Body beautiful Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney 'Are you obsessed with dieting?' Loose Women cause a Twitter storm for probing fantastic looking Rosemary Conley, 70, about her weight Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she pines for Coachella in throwback snap Pining for the sunshine 'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good' 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?' Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Super WAG Coleen Rooney grabs a cup of coffee on the go as she runs early morning errands around Cheshire in paint splattered sweater Nick Knowles looks dapper as he leaves BBC studios ahead of his new presenting role in collaboration with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 'Always wants what she can't have!' Stephanie Davis lashes out at 'compulsive liar' Danielle Armstrong in support of TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou 'No one knows anything about us': Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before first fashion campaign The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof Joking about the highly publicised incident Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills Opted to make a humanitarian statement 'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49 'I don't MEAN to swear - it just slips out!' Gordon Ramsay insists his notorious penchant for bad language is not intentional... and that his mother tells him off for it Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  Chose a fitted dress 'My FAT driver is questioning my health': Outraged Size 22 model Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol Chloe Madeley flaunts her incredibly gym-honed frame in a skimpy red bikini... as she jokes about her holiday diet taking its toll Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser Lee Ryan erupts into a fit of giggles as Eamonn Holmes accidentally introduces him as a Blue Peter presenter in hilarious live TV gaffe Not that squeaky clean Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London Make-up free Jessie Wallace keeps it casual in workout leggings and a baggy tee as she runs errands Worlds away from leopard print-loving Kat EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris The supermodel caught the eye of many Prince Harry insists he was just 'doing his bit' by revealing his mental health battles after his mother's death - and says Diana would be 'encouraged' to see it Tangerine dream! Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging keyhole swimwear as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway 'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lack Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Larry Fink fired back at Jamie Dimon's assertion that regulation is hurting the US economy Bob Bryan Apr. 19, 2017, 3:23 PM 2,063 facebook linkedin twitter email print JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon and BlackRock CEO Larry Fink Kimberly White, Neilson Barnard/Getty Images; composite by Bob Bryan/Business Insider Larry Fink doesn't buy Jamie Dimon's complaints about regulation and the mortgage market. In an interview with Bloomberg TV on Wednesday, the BlackRock CEO said that he doesn't think the economy has been seriously hurt by the tighter regulations on financial institutions since the financial crisis, contrary to what Dimon argued after JPMorgan's earnings were released on Thursday. "I don't believe that we had a reduction in economic activity because of regulation," said Fink. "I think the leaders of banks, of financial institutions, would do anything to drive growth. And I believe when there is demand for a loan, when there is demand for a mortgage, in most cases they drove that demand." Fink also said he wasn't "a believer that regulation really inhibited loan growth." This runs counter to concerns raised by Dimon, the JPMorgan CEO, in an earnings call with media. Dimon cited an analysis by JPMorgan's fixed income team that showed up to $500 billion in mortgages had not been made since the financial crisis due to new regulations. "If that number is right, shame on us," Dimon said on the call. This also goes along with a section from Dimon's annual letter to shareholders that attacked the stronger regulatory regime and said it was hurting "lower income buyers, first-time homebuyers, the self-employed and individuals with prior defaults who deserve another chance." In essence, Dimon is arguing that by not allowing these groups to build wealth through homeownership, the economic dynamism of the US is dampened. The real estate industry employs a large number of Americans through the construction and sales of homes, and these people in turn go out and spend more in the economy. With fewer homes being sold and built, Dimon's thinking implies, the US economy misses out on these second-order benefits. Fink said the new, stricter methodology used to calculate credit scores may have eliminated some more risky, junk loans, but said these changes aren't necessarily a bad thing. "But let's be clear, FICO scores did change. So that homeowner who maybe was able to get a mortgage in 2007 — that was just an inappropriate loan in many cases. And no, we don't want to go back to that," Fink said. Fink suggested that most of the worry from bank CEOs like Dimon is because regulation has driven up costs for their banks. This, in turn, hurts profitability and makes executives — who, it is probably fair to say, like to maximize profits — chafe against the regulations. "What I'm trying to suggest is, I believe there would be a lot of savings because many of these institutions have hired huge amounts of lawyers and all that," Fink said. "And if there's a better atmosphere, a better relationship with regulators, that indeed will save money, and maybe some of that money can go back into capital."  SEE ALSO: Big-money investors haven't hated US stocks this much since the financial crisis NOW WATCH: Here's the surprising reason highways have those concrete walls alongside them Loading video... More: Larry Fink Jamie Dimon Mortgage BlackRock JPMorgan facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Larry Fink fired back at Jamie Dimon's assertion that regulation is hurting the US economy Larry Fink fired back at Jamie Dimon's assertion that regulation is hurting the US economy Larry Fink doesn't buy Jamie Dimon's complaints... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ameren Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ameren Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Shares Sold by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Stake Decreased by Mascoma Wealth Management LLC Boston Scientific Co. (BSX) Stake Decreased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $38.149 Million Position in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Reduces Position in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Position Reduced by Capital Investment Advisors LLC First Financial Corp IN Buys 205 Shares of Ameren Corp (AEE) Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS TD Securities Increases Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Price Target to C$70.00 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) CAO Mandy Berman Sells 3,697 Shares of Stock Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Given a C$67.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Corecivic Inc (CXW) CFO David Garfinkle Sells 10,000 Shares Select Medical Holdings Co. (SEM) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for SL Green Realty Corp (SLG) Alkermes Plc (ALKS) CMO Elliot Ehrich Sells 10,000 Shares Premier Oil PLC (PMO) Insider Iain Macdonald Buys 23,076 Shares of Stock Black Knight Financial Services Inc (BKFS) CEO Thomas J. Sanzone Sells 30,000 Shares of Stock Zacks: Randstad Hldgs Nv (RANJY) Receives Average Rating of “Sell” from Brokerages Somerset Trust Co Has $477,000 Stake in Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Shares Bought by Somerset Trust Co First Financial Corp IN Buys 205 Shares of Ameren Corp (AEE) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First Financial Corp IN increased its position in Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE) by 10.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 2,138 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after buying an additional 205 shares during the period. First Financial Corp IN’s holdings in Ameren Corp were worth $117,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Ameren Corp by 40.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 557,355 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $27,411,000 after buying an additional 161,866 shares in the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Ameren Corp by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 533,158 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $26,221,000 after buying an additional 4,600 shares in the last quarter. Baillie Gifford & Co. boosted its position in shares of Ameren Corp by 2.3% in the fourth quarter. Baillie Gifford & Co. now owns 322,460 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $16,917,000 after buying an additional 7,374 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Ameren Corp by 19.2% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,640,982 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $129,884,000 after buying an additional 424,742 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Ameren Corp by 11.0% in the third quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. now owns 443,601 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $21,816,000 after buying an additional 43,884 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 69.75% of the company’s stock. Shares of Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE) traded down 0.80% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $54.90. The stock had a trading volume of 540,894 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $54.92 and its 200-day moving average price is $51.81. Ameren Corp has a one year low of $46.29 and a one year high of $56.57. The company has a market cap of $13.32 billion, a PE ratio of 20.49 and a beta of 0.36. Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The utilities provider reported $0.13 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.02. Ameren Corp had a return on equity of 9.14% and a net margin of 10.78%. The business earned $1.36 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.57 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.12 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Ameren Corp will post $2.77 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Tuesday, March 14th were given a $0.44 dividend. This represents a $1.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.18%. The ex-dividend date was Friday, March 10th. Ameren Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 65.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/first-financial-corp-in-buys-205-shares-of-ameren-corp-aee.html. A number of research analysts have commented on AEE shares. Zacks Investment Research cut Ameren Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on Ameren Corp to $56.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. In related news, VP Martin J. Lyons sold 1,320 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.32, for a total value of $71,702.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 103,303 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,611,418.96. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Mark C. Lindgren sold 1,024 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $54.24, for a total transaction of $55,541.76. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 21,748 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,179,611.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.38% of the company’s stock. About Ameren Corp Ameren Corporation is a utility holding company. The Company’s subsidiaries include Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois and Ameren Transmission Company (ATXI). It operates through four segments. The Ameren Missouri segment includes all of the operations of Ameren Missouri. The Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution segment consists of the electric distribution business of Ameren Illinois. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AEE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE). Receive News & Ratings for Ameren Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ameren Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics FB AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Qualcomm (QCOM) beats Q2 estimates, but Apple woes weigh >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is a Screaming Buy After Q1 Earnings The banking giant's results have achieved escape velocity. BAC stock deserves respect ... and a bid higher. By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Apr 18, 2017, 11:29 am EDT Get BAC alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Popular Posts: 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever Don’t Buy Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Because of the NFL, But … Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is Officially Off the Investment Pedestal Recent Posts: Why Rite Aid Corporation (RAD), International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) and Diana Shipping Inc. (DSX) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ): Mergers, Buyouts and Earnings, Oh My! Why Chesapeake Energy (CHK) Stock Still Isn’t Good Enough View All Posts Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) shareholders had good reason to expect a great first-quarter earnings report from BofA on Tuesday morning. Especially in the shadow of impressive Q1 results from Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). While BAC stock reversed after opening higher on Tuesday, the results surely couldn’t have disappointed. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Indeed, BAC shareholders would be hard pressed to find anything wrong with the numbers at all. Revenue was up, income was up and results were better than expected across the board. Perhaps most important of all, BAC stock was firmly up on Tuesday morning, tacking on more gains following Monday’s sizeable advance. If there was any doubt Bank of America is (finally) back on track, it was wiped away today. Bank of America Q1 Earnings A quick look at the headline numbers for the quarter ending in March: Bank of America earned 41 cents per share versus expectations of only 35 cents per share. That figure was 46% better year-over-year. Revenue of $22.2 billion grew 12.5% YOY and topped estimates of $21.6 billion. Picking a highlight isn’t easy, in that all facets showed tremendous progress. Its consumer loan portfolio grew by $18 billion, while brokerage assets were up 21% on a year-over-year basis. Its wealth and investment management assets grew by $29 billion in new-asset inflow, and net interest income was up 5% thanks to rising interest rates. Better still, noninterest income — fee-based and stock/bond trading — grew 9% from Q1 2016’s levels, mirroring though topping Q1 trading revenue for JPMorgan and Citi. CEO Brian Moynihan commented on the numbers: “Our approach to responsible growth delivered strong results again this quarter. Consumer spending was up, our wealth management business had strong asset management flows, investment banking fees rebounded nicely, and we continued to provide credit and capital to our corporate and institutional clients to help them drive the economy forward.” That’s only half the good news. Bank of America Passes Muster on an Even Deeper Look While the most-watched measures of interest to current and prospective BAC shareholders were rock-solid, the more obscure (though arguably more important) figures of internal health were just as impressive. More so than most other major banks, Bank of America struggled to find its way out of the mess left behind by the 2008 subprime loan meltdown. BofA did poorly on a couple of the Federal Reserve’s so-called “stress tests,” and as such was limited in terms of how much of a dividend it could dish out, in turn upping the size and quality of the capital base it was required to build. The matter seems to be firmly in the past for the bank now. BofA’s return on average common equity was 7.3%, and its return on average tangible common equity rolled in at 10.3%. That’s a hair above Goldman Sachs’ ROTCE target of 10% for BAC. While the figure is still shy of the company’s aggressive ROTCE goal of 12%, Q1’s score showed progress from Q4’s ROTCE reading of 9.9%. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-screaming-buy-q1-earnings/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 10 Best Companies You Can Buy for the Next Decade 5 Oil Stocks Collapsing Under the Crude Selloff 3 Pharmaceutical Stocks to Sell Before They Take a Dive 3 Vanguard Small-Cap Stock ETFs to Buy The 3 Dumbest Investments to Make 5 Fortune 500 CEOs Lucky to Have Jobs ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade The 3 Dumbest Investments You Can Make 3 Pharmaceutical Stocks to Sell Before They Take a Dive How to Trade Netflix Stock While It’s on the Ropes (NFLX) 3 Reasons Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Is Still Dead Money Most Popular 10 Stocks That Won’t Exist in a Decade 4 Healthcare Stocks That Are Starting to Look Sick 7 Top Emerging Markets Stocks to Buy Now 5 Tech Stocks to Buy for Growth AND Dividends 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever 3 Stocks to Buy to Ride the Next 3D Printing Cycle Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Morningstar Reports U.S. Mutual Fund and ETF Asset Flows for March 2017 CHICAGO, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Morningstar, Inc. (NASDAQ: MORN), a leading provider of independent investment research, today reported estimated U.S. mutual fund and exchange-traded fund (ETF) asset flows for March 2017. In March, investors put $31.1 billion into U.S. equity passive funds, up from $29.1 billion in February 2017. On the active side, investors pulled $18.6 billion out of U.S. equity funds during the month, as opposed to $8.9 billion in the previous month. In total for both active and passive funds, U.S. equity has had positive flows for the fifth consecutive month. Morningstar estimates net flow for mutual funds by computing the change in assets not explained by the performance of the fund and net flow for ETFs by computing the change in shares outstanding. Highlights from Morningstar’s report about U.S. asset flows in March: Taxable-bond funds attracted the highest total inflows among category groups of $38.1 billion in March. Flows were almost evenly distributed between active and passive taxable-bond funds, underlining that in fixed income, as opposed to equity, active management is alive. International-equity flows have been positive for four consecutive months, indicating renewed investor interest toward diversification overseas. Investors prefer passive international-equity funds, which attracted $20.6 billion in March, while their active counterparts sustained $2.9 billion in outflows. Commodities saw $384 million in outflows from precious-metals funds following a drop in gold prices, which later recovered. The three top-flowing Morningstar Categories in March were unchanged since last month: intermediate-term bond, large blend, and foreign large blend. For intermediate-term bond, active inflows surpassed passive with $10.9 billion and $7.5 billion, respectively. The high-yield bond category saw the largest outflows of $7.5 billion on the active side and $1.1 billion on the passive side. Among top U.S. fund families, PIMCO had inflows of $4.0 billion, surpassing Vanguard in terms of active flows. Vanguard saw inflows of $1.8 billion on the active side and was the top fund family on the passive side, with inflows of $36.2 billion. Providing a sharp contrast to the predicament of active equity managers, all five top-flowing funds in March were bond funds. In addition to PIMCO Income, which has a Morningstar Analyst Rating™ of Silver, fixed-income funds including Bridge Builder Core Bond Fund, Bronze-rated Prudential Total Return Bond, T. Rowe Price New Income Fund, and Gold-rated Dodge & Cox Income attracted more than $1.0 billion each. Gold-rated Vanguard Institutional Index Fund was the passive fund with the worst outflows of $2.6 billion last month. On the active side, two J. P. Morgan funds, JPMorgan High Yield Fund and JPMorgan Short Duration Bond Fund, landed in the bottom-flowing five in March with respective outflows of $1.7 billion and $1.3 billion. To view the complete report, please click here. For more information about Morningstar Asset Flows, please visit http://global.morningstar.com/assetflows.  The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. About Morningstar, Inc. Morningstar, Inc. is a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. The company offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, retirement plan providers and sponsors, and institutional investors in the private capital markets. Morningstar provides data and research insights on a wide range of investment offerings, including managed investment products, publicly listed companies, private capital markets, and real-time global market data. Morningstar also offers investment management services through its investment advisory subsidiaries, with more than $200 billion in assets under advisement and management as of Dec. 31, 2016. The company has operations in 27 countries. Morningstar’s Manager Research Group consists of various wholly owned subsidiaries of Morningstar, Inc. including, but not limited to, Morningstar Research Services LLC. Analyst Ratings are subjective in nature and should not be used as the sole basis for investment decisions. Analyst Ratings are based on Morningstar’s Manager Research Group’s current expectations about future events and therefore involve unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause such expectations not to occur or to differ significantly from what was expected. Analyst Ratings are not guarantees nor should they be viewed as an assessment of a fund’s or the fund’s underlying securities’ creditworthiness. This press release is for informational purposes only; references to securities in this press release should not be considered an offer or solicitation to buy or sell the securities. ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. MORN-R Media Contact: Sarah Pellegrino, +1 312 244-7358 or sarah.pellegrino@morningstar.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/morningstar-reports-us-mutual-fund-and-etf-asset-flows-for-march-2017-300441965.html SOURCE Morningstar, Inc. Related Links http://www.morningstar.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsEconomic News, Trends, Analysis Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Paraxylene Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Forecast 2024 Next PostNext EMEA Mobile Emission Catalyst Market Analysis, Revenue, Price, Market Share, Growth Rate, Forecast by 2021 Search Recent Posts New Diborane Market Research Report Focused On World Development Overview Forecast To 2021 Climate Change is soon defeated Classification 2017 X-ray Film Sales Industry 2022 Application Market, Future Growth Supply Demand Spot Analysis Investment Opportunity Illuminated by New Report Ammonium Sulphate Phosphate Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2021 R And D Analytics Market 2016-2026 Shares, Trend and Growth Report Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 74 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Attention borrowers: Navient could soon be your new student loan servicer The nation's largest student loan servicing company says it's eyeing new acquisitions. Potential targets include "a number of banks" with portfolios of federally guaranteed student loans. Post to Facebook Attention borrowers: Navient could soon be your new student loan servicer The nation's largest student loan servicing company says it's eyeing new acquisitions. Potential targets include "a number of banks" with portfolios of federally guaranteed student loans.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2oVHoVX {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Attention borrowers: Navient could soon be your new student loan servicer Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY Published 11:23 a.m. ET April 19, 2017 | Updated 10 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Navient, formerly a part of Sallie Mae, services about $300 billion in student loans — or about 12 million borrowers. Video provided by Newsy Newslook File photo taken in 2014 shows local officials and Navient unveiling a new sign for the nation's largest student loan servicing company. (Photo: Navient, Globe Newswire) 74 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE The nation's largest student loan servicing company is eyeing new acquisitions and could soon be handling your loan repayments. The day after disclosing plans to buy a $6.9 billion education loan portfolio from JPMorgan Chase, Navient said it continues to explore new acquisitions. Potential targets include "a number of banks" with portfolios of federally guaranteed student loans, as well as private loans, company CEO and President Jack Remondi told financial analysts during a Wednesday conference call. The prospect of Navient growing even bigger was counterbalanced by downbeat first-quarter earnings the Wilmington, Del.-based company announced after financial markets closed Tuesday. Shares of Navient (NAVI) closed 0.4% higher at $15.11 Wednesday, after recovering from earlier declines. The deal with JPMorgan (JPM) is expected to push the cumulative total of federal loans serviced by Navient to nearly $300 billion, the highest in the company's 40-year history of servicing such debts, said Christian Lown, the company's newly-appointed chief financial officer. The transaction follows Navient's  2014 similar acquisition of an $8.5 billion portfolio of federally-guaranteed student loans from Wells Fargo (WFC). The package consists of roughly $3.7 billion in federally guaranteed student loans, including $1.6 billion that have been securitized, plus $3.2 billion in private education loans. The transaction will be financed by existing lines of credit, excess capital and new borrowing, the company said. Expected to close during this year's second quarter, the deal will boost Navient's earnings per share by 9 cents in 2017, Lown predicted. Servicing contracts for borrowers in the JPMorgan Chase portfolio remain unchanged, and the borrowers don't need to take any action at this time, Navient said. The company plans to shift the loans to its servicing platforms in the future and anticipates providing additional information at that time. CFPB says student loan giant Navient cheated borrowers Details of the transaction and plans for additional acquisitions came as Navient battles a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau lawsuit that accused the company of systematically failing student loan borrowers by providing incorrect payment information, processing payments incorrectly and failing to act when borrowers complained. Coordinated with the January CFPB action, the attorneys general of Illinois and Washington filed separate actions that accused Navient of putting student borrowers into costly subprime loans that the company knew would fail. Navient has denied the allegations. On Wednesday, Remondi pushed back against public perceptions and media reports critical of the company's handling of student loans. Navient seeks to dismiss student loan case, says consumer watchdog overreached "The noise level these past few weeks has been higher than normal and the coverage has often been inaccurate and misleading," Remondi said during the conference call. "For the 10 million federal loan borrowers we service, they are 31% less likely to default. In fact, if all services were as effective as Navient, 300,000 fewer borrowers would have defaulted in 2015." For the quarter ending on March 31, Navient reported net income of $88 million, or 30 cents per share, down from $181 million, or 53 cents per share a year earlier. Core earnings, which don't conform with generally accepted accounting principles, totaled $107 million, or 36 cents per share. On a per-share basis analysts surveyed by S&P Capital IQ had expected a profit of 42 cents per share. The company attributed the bulk of the earnings decline to an $82 million reduction in net interest income primarily due to the amortization of the firm's portfolio. Follow USA TODAY reporter Kevin McCoy on Twitter: @kmccoynyc 74 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2oVHoVX
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport The Masters Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: Business Market report: RBS rises as analysts foresee boost for bank from election Jamie Nimmo Wednesday 19 April 2017 12:48 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard RBS was on the rise after JPMorgan's upgrade AFP/Getty Images Philip Hammond might be considering offloading the rest of the Government’s stake in Royal Bank of Scotland, but City analysts suggested the Chancellor might be better off holding on to the shares with a general election now in the diary. Scribblers at JPMorgan Cazenove removed their bearish stance on the bank, arguing that the election announced yesterday by Theresa May would play into its hands. They argued that if RBS can hit its 2020 targets, the shares could rise 30%, which would limit losses for the taxpayer when Philip Hammond decides to sell the remaining 71% stake.  “Near term, UK asset quality remains resilient with Brexit risks long dated, and fresh UK elections potentially allowing more time for a deal with the EU,” JPMorgan wrote as it upgraded from Underperform to Neutral. Investors shared JPMorgan’s optimism and the bailed-out bank, run by Ross McEwan, rose 2.7p to 227.4p. Rival lender Lloyds Banking Group was marked up 1.15p to 63.35p on speculation the Government is poised to dump its remaining stake, which is now less than 2%. Unlike RBS, the taxpayer stands to make a slight profit from the sale of Lloyds shares. However, more strength from the pound and weaker oil stocks meant there was no recovery for the FTSE 100 after yesterday’s battering and the blue-chip index slipped a further 5.91 points to 7141.59. The move means gains of almost 300 points for 2017 have now been wiped out.  Investors in pest control firm Rentokil, down 3.5p to 243.9p, took profits off the table after its in-line first-quarter trading statement, which revealed revenues rose 23% to £580 million, helped by currency movements.  Struggling over-fifties fashion chain Bonmarché finally had some good news for the City today. Its prediction that full-year profit would likely be above the mid-point of its £5-£7 million guidance lifted the shares 3.5p to 77.45p. Finally, AIM-listed miner ASA Resource Group clawed back some value after yesterday’s collapse when it revealed millions of dollars had vanished from its accounts. The shares recovered 0.2p to 1.25p as it confirmed the amount was $4.3 million and it had enough cash to keep operating. More about: Business Shares Stocks markets Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) PT Raised to $47.00 at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Investors Purchase Large Volume of Yum! Brands Put Options (YUM) PBF Logistics LP (PBFX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Citigroup Inc Trims Owens-Illinois Inc (OI) Target Price to $24.00 OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Snyder's-Lance Inc (LNCE) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.13 Per Share Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) HCR Wealth Advisors Takes Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Snap Inc (SNAP) Charles Schwab Corp’s (SCHW) Conviction-Buy Rating Reiterated at Instinet Century Aluminum Co (CENX) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC First Majestic Silver Corp (AG) Stake Increased by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 6,238 Shares of Triumph Group Inc (TGI) AQR Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (HOV) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Position Decreased by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 295,380 Shares of Banco Santander Brasil SA (BSBR) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $346,000 Position in Virtus Investment Partners Inc (VRTS) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) to “Hold” JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) PT Raised to $47.00 at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) had its price objective increased by equities researchers at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods to $47.00 in a research report issued on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods’ price objective points to a potential downside of 44.81% from the company’s previous close. JPM has been the topic of a number of other reports. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Morgan Stanley reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $70.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $73.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Societe Generale reissued a “buy” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Saturday, January 14th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating, eighteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $79.03. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 85.16 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $302.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.11 and a beta of 1.49. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $88.86 and its 200-day moving average price is $82.50. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 1-year low of $57.05 and a 1-year high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The firm had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.35 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.62 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.35%. This is an increase from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is currently 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-pt-raised-to-47-00-at-keefe-bruyette-woods.html. In other news, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total transaction of $289,629.30. Following the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 329,019 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $27,986,356.14. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total value of $918,075.44. Following the transaction, the general counsel now directly owns 63,344 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,388,674.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Villere ST Denis J & Co. LLC increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 27.0% in the third quarter. Villere ST Denis J & Co. LLC now owns 140,580 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $9,361,000 after buying an additional 29,882 shares in the last quarter. Chesley Taft & Associates LLC increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the third quarter. Chesley Taft & Associates LLC now owns 94,013 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,260,000 after buying an additional 596 shares in the last quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 5.4% in the third quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 2,928 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $195,000 after buying an additional 150 shares in the last quarter. BLB&B Advisors LLC increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 6.2% in the third quarter. BLB&B Advisors LLC now owns 126,306 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $8,411,000 after buying an additional 7,319 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BTIM Corp. increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 5.0% in the third quarter. BTIM Corp. now owns 1,015,348 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $67,612,000 after buying an additional 48,308 shares in the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kadant Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kadant Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kadant Inc. (KAI) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Position in Deluxe Co. (DLX) 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Stake Boosted by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in MakeMyTrip Limited (MMYT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Boosts Position in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in WEX Inc (WEX) Arista Networks’ (ANET) Hold Rating Reiterated at Gabelli AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (CVU) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Brunswick’s (BC) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) PT Raised to $18.00 Enzo Biochem, Inc. (ENZ) Stake Decreased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Fmr LLC Lowers Position in Line Corp (LN) Fmr LLC Buys Shares of 36,200 Anika Therapeutics Inc (ANIK) Fmr LLC Takes Position in SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc (SITE) Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd (HOLI) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Paypal Holdings’ (PYPL) “Underweight” Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Kadant Inc. (KAI) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Renaissance Technologies LLC lowered its stake in Kadant Inc. (NYSE:KAI) by 25.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 34,600 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 12,000 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC’s holdings in Kadant were worth $2,118,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of KAI. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Kadant by 4.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 445,817 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $23,232,000 after buying an additional 17,936 shares during the period. Handelsbanken Fonder AB boosted its position in shares of Kadant by 7.1% in the fourth quarter. Handelsbanken Fonder AB now owns 300,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $18,360,000 after buying an additional 20,000 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Kadant by 2.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 227,507 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $13,921,000 after buying an additional 4,999 shares during the last quarter. Phocas Financial Corp. boosted its position in shares of Kadant by 6.5% in the third quarter. Phocas Financial Corp. now owns 114,870 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $5,986,000 after buying an additional 7,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Kadant by 0.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 70,622 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $3,680,000 after buying an additional 355 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.14% of the company’s stock. Kadant Inc. (NYSE:KAI) opened at 58.70 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $642.00 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.38 and a beta of 1.30. Kadant Inc. has a 52-week low of $45.06 and a 52-week high of $64.75. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $58.98 and a 200 day moving average price of $59.09. Kadant (NYSE:KAI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The industrial products company reported $0.69 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.63 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $100.24 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $102.96 million. Kadant had a return on equity of 13.36% and a net margin of 8.24%. The firm’s revenue was down 6.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.95 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that Kadant Inc. will post $3.38 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 11th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th will be issued a $0.21 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 11th. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.43%. This is a boost from Kadant’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. Kadant’s dividend payout ratio is currently 24.28%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/kadant-inc-kai-shares-sold-by-renaissance-technologies-llc.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut Kadant from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. About Kadant Kadant Inc is a supplier of equipment and components used in process industries. In addition, the Company manufactures granules made from papermaking by-products. Its segments include Papermaking Systems and Wood Processing Systems. The Company has a customer base, which includes paper and oriented strand board (OSB) manufacturers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding KAI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Kadant Inc. (NYSE:KAI). Receive News & Ratings for Kadant Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kadant Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Merck & Co. (MRK) Harris Co. (HRS) Short Interest Update Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $351,000 Position in ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s 8th Largest Position Roundview Capital LLC Has $5.223 Million Stake in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Cut by Fred Alger Management Inc. Kadant Inc. (KAI) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Position in Deluxe Co. (DLX) 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Stake Boosted by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in MakeMyTrip Limited (MMYT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Boosts Position in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in WEX Inc (WEX) Arista Networks’ (ANET) Hold Rating Reiterated at Gabelli AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (CVU) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Brunswick’s (BC) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) PT Raised to $18.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s 8th Largest Position April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY reduced its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 3.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,810,986 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 60,243 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. accounts for 1.1% of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s portfolio, making the stock its 8th largest position. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $156,270,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. American National Bank increased its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 11.1% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 84,418 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $5,622,000 after buying an additional 8,416 shares during the period. Putnam FL Investment Management Co. increased its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 30.9% in the third quarter. Putnam FL Investment Management Co. now owns 77,790 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $5,180,000 after buying an additional 18,369 shares during the period. Villere ST Denis J & Co. LLC increased its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 27.0% in the third quarter. Villere ST Denis J & Co. LLC now owns 140,580 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $9,361,000 after buying an additional 29,882 shares during the period. Chesley Taft & Associates LLC increased its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the third quarter. Chesley Taft & Associates LLC now owns 94,013 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $6,260,000 after buying an additional 596 shares during the period. Finally, Gemmer Asset Management LLC increased its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 5.4% in the third quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 2,928 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $195,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 85.16 on Wednesday. The stock has a market cap of $302.56 billion, a PE ratio of 13.11 and a beta of 1.49. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $88.86 and a 200 day moving average price of $82.50. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company earned $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $1.35 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.62 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a $0.50 dividend. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.35%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-is-metropolitan-life-insurance-co-nys-8th-largest-position.html. A number of research firms have commented on JPM. Zacks Investment Research downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG raised their target price on JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $99.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $94.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Instinet lifted their price target on JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $82.00 to $83.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating, eighteen have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $79.03. In other news, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total value of $918,075.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the general counsel now owns 63,344 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,388,674.08. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total value of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 329,019 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ascent Capital Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascent Capital Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State Street Corp Acquires 25,250 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) America Movil SAB de CV (AMX) Position Lowered by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Position in Ascent Capital Group Inc (ASCMA) Tabula Rasa HealthCare Inc (TRHC) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest VEON Ltd (VEON) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Position Raised by State Street Corp Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stake Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $219,000 in First Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc. (FMBH) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Marchex, Inc. (MCHX) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Stake in NCI Inc (NCIT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases New Position in Carolina Financial Corp (CARO) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys Shares of 13,489 BankFinancial Co. (BFIN) Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Imperial Capital Nikon Corp (NINOY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Energy Transfer Equity LP (ETE) Upgraded at Jefferies Group LLC Coach’s (COH) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC MTGE Investment Corp (MTGE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Cameco Corp (CCO) Now Covered by Analysts at CSFB Macquarie Trims Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Target Price to C$98.00 Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Position in Ascent Capital Group Inc (ASCMA) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in Ascent Capital Group Inc (NASDAQ:ASCMA) by 6.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 838,838 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 51,428 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP owned 0.07% of Ascent Capital Group worth $13,640,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Ascent Capital Group by 1.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 638,507 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $14,793,000 after buying an additional 7,579 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Ascent Capital Group by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 223,562 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $3,640,000 after buying an additional 1,545 shares in the last quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Ascent Capital Group by 22.8% in the third quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC now owns 77,600 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,797,000 after buying an additional 14,400 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Ascent Capital Group during the fourth quarter valued at $842,000. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Ascent Capital Group by 249.8% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 46,210 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,071,000 after buying an additional 33,000 shares in the last quarter. 85.84% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Ascent Capital Group Inc (NASDAQ:ASCMA) opened at 13.65 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $14.41 and its 200-day moving average price is $17.43. The firm’s market cap is $165.38 million. Ascent Capital Group Inc has a 12-month low of $11.78 and a 12-month high of $26.16. Ascent Capital Group (NASDAQ:ASCMA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The industrial products company reported ($1.51) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.57) by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $140.68 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $142.16 million. Ascent Capital Group had a negative return on equity of 34.98% and a negative net margin of 18.08%. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Ascent Capital Group Inc will post ($6.32) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Position in Ascent Capital Group Inc (ASCMA)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/dimensional-fund-advisors-lp-boosts-position-in-ascent-capital-group-inc-ascma.html. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on the company. Imperial Capital reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $21.00 target price on shares of Ascent Capital Group in a report on Saturday, January 7th. Zacks Investment Research raised Ascent Capital Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Ascent Capital Group Company Profile Ascent Capital Group, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s subsidiaries include Monitronics International, Inc (MONI) and LiveWatch Security, LLC (LiveWatch). The Company’s segments include MONI, LiveWatch and Other Activities. The MONI segment is primarily engaged in the business of providing security alarm monitoring services: monitoring signals arising from burglaries, fires, medical alerts and other events through security systems at subscribers’ premises, as well as providing customer service and technical support. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ASCMA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ascent Capital Group Inc (NASDAQ:ASCMA). Receive News & Ratings for Ascent Capital Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascent Capital Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Profiting From the Stock Market’s Latest Fears As worries mount, long-term investors can use short-term options strategies to their advantage. By Steven M. Sears Biography Updated April 15, 2017 1:56 a.m. ET More people are Googling World War III than at any time since 2004. The concern is understandable. North Korea is rattling a potential nuclear saber. Russia is upset with the U.S., and the U.S. is upset with Russia, North Korea, and an evil man in Syria who gasses children. Europe’s political system is adrift. France might elect a far-right candidate. The new U.S. president, Donald Trump, has no history or experience in foreign or... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Trump Rally 2.0 Could Be Around the Corner Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Schwab Selloff Makes for a Great Buying Opportunity Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. What If No One Buys Kate Spade? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Tesla’s New Truck: Don’t Laugh, Says Analyst Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Why IBM Stock Is Likely To Keep Singing the Blues Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Star Cars of the Shanghai Auto Show 2017 2 5 Companies to Watch This Earnings Season 3 Netflix Is Saving Up Its Best Shows Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wolseley plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wolseley plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Wolseley plc (WOS) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR) Receives “Hold” Rating from Canaccord Genuity Rio Tinto plc’s (RIO) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Underweight Rating for Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Select Comfort Corp. Raised by KeyCorp (SCSS) Gentex Co. (GNTX) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Friday Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on BP plc (BP) Hasbro’s (HAS) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Cowen and Company Reiterates Buy Rating for Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) PT Lowered to $41.00 eBay Inc (EBAY) Earns Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Digimarc Corp (DMRC) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research American Airlines Group Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (AAL) World Fuel Services Corp (INT) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cohen & Steers, Inc. (CNS) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens Centennial Resource Development Inc (CDEV) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Amedisys Inc (AMED) to “Buy” Banner Co. (BANR) PT Lowered to $62.00 Zoltav Resources Inc (ZOL) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Wolseley plc (WOS) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Wolseley plc (LON:WOS)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 4,960 ($62.43) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target indicates a potential upside of 3.96% from the company’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on WOS. Goodbody reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Wolseley plc in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 4,975 ($62.62) target price on shares of Wolseley plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Canaccord Genuity increased their target price on shares of Wolseley plc from GBX 4,600 ($57.90) to GBX 5,090 ($64.07) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Peel Hunt raised shares of Wolseley plc to a “hold” rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 4,370 ($55.00) to GBX 5,120 ($64.44) in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Beaufort Securities reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Wolseley plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 4,757.89 ($59.89). Shares of Wolseley plc (LON:WOS) opened at 4771.00 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 4,998.94 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 4,811.87. Wolseley plc has a one year low of GBX 3,489.00 and a one year high of GBX 5,285.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 11.98 billion. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a GBX 36.67 ($0.46) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 0.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-neutral-rating-for-wolseley-plc-wos.html. Wolseley plc Company Profile Wolseley plc is the holding company of the Wolseley Group of companies. The Company is engaged in the distribution of plumbing and heating products and building materials. The Company’s segments include USA, UK, Nordic, and Canada and Central Europe. The Company operates seven business units in the United States, six of these mainly operate in the business to business (B2B) market with one operating in the business to consumer (B2C) market. Receive News & Ratings for Wolseley plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wolseley plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ashmore Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashmore Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Underweight Rating for Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Select Comfort Corp. Raised by KeyCorp (SCSS) Gentex Co. (GNTX) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Friday Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on BP plc (BP) Hasbro’s (HAS) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Cowen and Company Reiterates Buy Rating for Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) PT Lowered to $41.00 eBay Inc (EBAY) Earns Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Digimarc Corp (DMRC) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research American Airlines Group Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (AAL) World Fuel Services Corp (INT) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cohen & Steers, Inc. (CNS) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens Centennial Resource Development Inc (CDEV) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Amedisys Inc (AMED) to “Buy” Banner Co. (BANR) PT Lowered to $62.00 Zoltav Resources Inc (ZOL) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday MDC Partners Inc (MDCA) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Given Neutral Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Pernod Ricard (PDRDY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Underweight Rating for Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Ashmore Group plc (LON:ASHM)‘s stock had its “underweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 320 ($4.03) price target on the investment management service provider’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective points to a potential downside of 6.71% from the stock’s previous close. ASHM has been the topic of several other research reports. Barclays PLC cut their price target on Ashmore Group plc from GBX 325 ($4.09) to GBX 270 ($3.40) and set an “underweight” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, January 9th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on Ashmore Group plc from GBX 312 ($3.93) to GBX 325 ($4.09) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Liberum Capital restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 338 ($4.25) price target on shares of Ashmore Group plc in a report on Tuesday. BNP Paribas cut their price target on Ashmore Group plc from GBX 300 ($3.78) to GBX 270 ($3.40) and set an “underperform” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Peel Hunt restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 330 ($4.15) price target on shares of Ashmore Group plc in a report on Tuesday. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 321.07 ($4.04). Shares of Ashmore Group plc (LON:ASHM) opened at 343.00 on Wednesday. Ashmore Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 240.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 379.70. The firm’s market cap is GBX 2.29 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 356.36 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 327.45. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 9th were issued a GBX 4.55 ($0.06) dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.36%. WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Underweight Rating for Ashmore Group plc (ASHM)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-underweight-rating-for-ashmore-group-plc-ashm.html. About Ashmore Group plc Ashmore Group plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which operates as a specialist emerging markets asset manager. The Company offers a range of investment themes, such as external debt, local currency, corporate debt, blended debt, equities, alternatives, multi-strategy and overlay/liquidity. Its geographical segments include United Kingdom, United States and Others. Receive News & Ratings for Ashmore Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashmore Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks Democrat nearly wins Republican House seat in Georgia Fifa struggles to win backers for Russia World Cup China struggles to deal with ‘hopeless’ North Korea US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Democrat nearly wins Republican House seat in Georgia Interview with Steven Mnuchin: Transcript IMF says debt binge leaves US corporate assets exposed Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read JPMorgan accused of fraud over tech company sale Hard Rock gambles $375m on Trump Taj Mahal casino Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Wang Jianlin confirms China blocked Wanda’s US TV deal Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election Interview with Steven Mnuchin: Transcript FTSE 100 turns negative for 2017 on hit from stronger pound French election: divided markets open door to big reaction Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain The fearless market ignores perils ahead Dealing with America’s trade follies An enfeebled Labour leaves the centre ground up for grabs Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no Pocket computers are poised for a comeback The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub Business school students find voices in an age of protest Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump The cap may fit — but don’t wear it When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not How the Osage murders in Oklahoma led to the making of the modern FBI Late flowering: why the older years are the golden age for gardeners Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times JPMorgan accused of fraud over tech company sale Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Banks and Clients Tussle Over What It Will Cost to Read Analysts by Stephen Morris @sjhmorris More stories by Stephen Morris and Stefania Spezzati @stespezzati More stories by Stefania Spezzati April 18, 2017, 7:00 PM EDT JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank mull pricing as free research era ends ‘Pay as you go’ phone-style plans mulled as MiFID II comes in Just months before banks stop giving trading clients market research for free, they’re still locked in discussions about how much to charge. As a European ban on bundling research with brokerage services looms, banks are sounding out asset managers and hedge funds on what they’d be prepared to pay. Money managers say they’re getting quoted $50,000 for a basic package from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s fixed-income analysts. But no firm is allowing itself to be pinned down quite yet. Deutsche Bank AG and Commerzbank AG are pitching a metered, “pay as you go” approach for smaller investors less able to swallow large, up-front subscriptions, according to three people, who asked not to be identified as pricing discussions are commercially sensitive. For the largest hedge funds, all-inclusive packages are on offer, with perks such as VIP analyst access, conference discounts and unlimited research notes. “We are still waiting for banks to say definitively how much and what you get for certain prices,” said Richard Benson, a London-based managing director and co-head of portfolio investment at Millennium Global Investments Ltd., which oversees $14 billion. Quotes “range from very low to the hundreds of thousands, but I doubt we’ll have clarity this side of the summer break.” He declined to comment on pricing from specific institutions. Cost Scrutiny Charge too little and regulators might accuse you of gaming the system, while getting the pricing wrong could alienate key customers and drive their trading business elsewhere. The squeeze in margins has been so severe in stock and bond dealing that it’s already led to the loss of about 11,500 sales, trading and research jobs over the past six years, according to data from Coalition Development Ltd. Active asset managers, in their struggle to compete against cheaper passive strategies, are paring back on costs including research. The European Union’s MiFID II regulations, enforced from Jan. 3, aim to tackle conflicts of interest by requiring asset managers to separate the trading commissions they pay from investment-research fees. Regulators are concerned investors that generate huge commissions may route business to traders at their favorite analysts’ firms in exchange for privileged access to the best ideas, even if they aren’t getting the best deal for their funds’ clients. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority also say a lack of transparency means investors can overspend on research with impunity. MiFID’s Mission to Renew Trust in Markets Irks Banks: QuickTake Integrity Research, a U.S. consultancy, estimates investment banks currently effectively charge clients $75,000 a year on average for access to their analysts’ publications, based on its own extrapolations from banks’ pricing systems and a poll of about 70 firms. Among boutique research-only houses, U.S.-based MoffettNathanson LLC, which focuses on telecom and media, commands annual subscriptions of $100,000, and more for phone access to analysts, according to three people with knowledge of its pricing structure. That’s the kind of expense investors may balk at paying. The introduction of MiFID-related fees means asset managers in Europe and the U.S. will cut more than $300 million in spending on external research, consulting firm Greenwich Associates estimated in a recent survey. “MiFID 2 is supposed to level the playing field and help the smaller investors, but it’s having the opposite effect, because we can’t afford to pay as much as the larger firms," said Mark Holman, chief executive officer at TwentyFour Asset Management LLP in London, which oversees about 5 billion pounds ($6.4 billion) of fixed-income assets. U.S. Divergence The situation is unique to Europe, as the U.S. has no plans to introduce a similar fee-based system. This could lead to firms moving some operations across the Atlantic in order to circumvent the EU rules, some traders and investors have said. A spokesman for the U.K. FCA said the agency hasn’t put any guidance out on pricing research, nor has ESMA. Banks’ research teams and large investors in talks with these regulators concur, saying they’ve received no indication of acceptable prices. Given the wide divergence of preliminary quotes, money managers are finding it difficult to budget for next year, one manager at a hedge fund said. This person has been pitched prices for equity research ranging from $50,000 a year to more than $100,000. German Banks Among the differing approaches to pricing, Deutsche Bank has long had a monitoring system tracking how many people from a client firm are logging in and how much they are reading. As it refines this system, the bank is coming up with a base user charge and is meeting clients to hammer out pricing. One medium-sized London-based investor said they were quoted 60,000 euros ($64,400) for a year’s entry-level fixed-income services from the German lender, but was told this price is not set in stone. Most clients will pay more than this, according to a separate person familiar with the bank’s strategy. Commerzbank isn’t proposing a price yet, but is outlining what a tiered system might look like, according to marketing documents seen by Bloomberg News. Fixed-income, currency, commodity and macro subscriptions will come in “pay as you go,” “select” and “all-in” levels, the document shows. The select option allows clients to pay for specific asset classes, such as emerging markets; the “all-in” option charges a flat fee for unlimited research as well as access to any analyst. For equity research, the German lender will introduce silver, gold and platinum memberships with language similar to mobile-phone contracts, describing them as, respectively, pay-as-you-go, prepaid-card and flat-rate, the presentation shows. Platinum includes “VIP” and analyst access, and discounts on conferences and the bank’s measure of its time spent on clients, known as “research service units.” Almost all banks are stressing they’d prefer to continue charging nothing and are leaving all fees open to negotiation, while keeping a close eye on their competitors, investors say. JPMorgan JPMorgan, the biggest U.S. bank, has been floating $50,000 for a basic fixed-income research option, with prices increasing for more tailored packages and better access to analysts, according to two people who spoke in condition of anonymity. Both banks have stressed prices are yet to be finalized. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up One senior manager at one of the largest European asset managers said JPMorgan’s move to price at the cheaper end of the scale was an attempt to win market share from rivals. The executive said the big investment banks were pricing fixed-income research packages around $250,000, but one European bank had proposed charging nothing for two years as an introductory offer, only to be batted down by EU regulators. Another asset manager has been quoted about $600,000 for credit research. JPMorgan, Commerzbank and Deutsche Bank spokesmen declined to comment. Firms pitching lower prices include Berenberg, the Hamburg-based broker traditionally known for its research. Managers there have been asking their fixed-income clients what they think of paying about 20,000 euros a year, one of the people said. "All the banks are speaking to clients about MiFID at the moment," Berenberg spokesman Karsten Wehmeier said. "We can’t comment on any figures." Ben Kumar of Seven Investment Management lamented the end of free analysis, saying it was useful to compare the big banks’ take on a company with the boutique research his firm paid for. “Access on demand is great,” said Kumar, a London-based money manager whose firm oversees about 10 billion pounds. “I might not need it one month, then spend the next devouring whatever I can find on Vietnam as an investment opportunity. It’s tough for a bank to price that.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Ivanka Fights to Protect Her First Name A Look at the Ugly Side of Getting Rich Markets Start to Ponder the $13 Trillion Gorilla in the Room Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone’s 10th Anniversary Larry Fink: ‘Warning Signs Are Getting Darker’ for the U.S. Economy Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
About US Contact US Registration Wednesday April 19th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 19, 2017  /  Comments Off on Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals       Print       Email MIL OSI United Nations – Source: United Nations 4 Headline: Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals While a daunting $90 trillion would be required to tackle sustainable development challenges in the coming years, speakers at today’s General Assembly Action Event warned that the cost of inaction would ultimately be far deeper, with humanity’s very future hanging in the balance.Executives from various financial firms — including JP Morgan Chase and AVIVA Investors — joined Member States at the Assembly’s “SDG Financing Lab”, discussing ways to align financial markets with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.  Speakers from across those diverse sectors agreed that private investment in development could be scaled up dramatically by reducing risk and educating companies about the bottom-line benefits of sustainability. However, many delegates also voiced concern that those opportunities could be overshadowed by a rising tide of nationalism and a resurgence of protectionist policies around the globe.  Some urged Governments to resist those trends, calling instead for open, inclusive markets to help level the playing field. Assembly President Peter Thomson (Fiji) said at the outset that estimates put the cost of achieving all 17 Sustainable Development Goals at $6 trillion annually until 2030.  “While these sums may seem enormous, and the complexity of reforms needed to mobilize these funds may seem prohibitive, the fact is that the cost of our inaction will ultimately be far greater,” he said.  As the private sector was the custodian of the world’s largest pool of resources, the main challenge was to create the right incentives and enabling environments to help businesses reorient investments towards sustainable development. United Nations Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed agreed that it was in the interest of all countries, companies and people to tap the wealth of good that sustainable development would bring in environmental, economic and social terms.  Noting that financial flows and investments were increasingly being aligned with the Goals, she said mobilizing pension funds, the insurance sector and other large pools of capital could produce even greater wins.  Sustainability should guide the creation of incentive structures, inform consumer preferences and shape shareholder interests, she said, adding:  “The dividends will reverberate far and wide.” Mahmoud Mohieldin, Senior Vice President for Partnerships, United Nations Relations and the 2030 Agenda of the World Bank Group, called on all stakeholders to take investment more seriously in such areas as human resource development, affordable housing and infrastructure improvement.  Noting that the private sector was moving beyond philanthropy to better understand the opportunities presented by the Goals, he nevertheless underscored the importance of standardizing sustainability into markets on a larger scale. As the Assembly opened its panel discussion on the theme, “What will it take to finance the Sustainable Development Goals? From ambition to reality”, keynote speaker Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman of the Indian telecommunications giant Bharti Enterprises, recalled that trade liberalization had lifted 1 billion people out of poverty worldwide.  Pointing out that India was among the most open countries in terms of global investment, he expressed concern over protectionist voices emanating from some parts of the United States and Europe.  He also emphasized the role of Governments in mandating corporate social responsibility, pointing to India’s establishment of a “name-and-shame” index in that regard. Matt Arnold, Global Head of Sustainable Finance for JP Morgan Chase, said the main challenge to investing private capital in sustainable development projects was risk.  Banks did not own the funds they lent, and depositors expected to get their money back.  JP Morgan had nevertheless begun to chart potential action on the Sustainable Development Goals, he said, stressing that banks could be an important force for good but “we need to be educated.” A number of speakers during the ensuing plenary debate echoed those hopes and concerns, while outlining their particular national and regional challenges.  China’s representative, on behalf of Brazil, the Russian Federation, India, China and South Africa (the “BRICS” Group), expressed concern that the global financial recovery suffered from a lack of dynamism, inadequate governance and stagnant investment.  Pointing to a rise in “anti-globalization” thinking and declining political will, he urged States to resist protectionism and urged developed nations to bear the primary responsibility for financing sustainable development. Similarly, Ecuador’s representative, on behalf of the “Group of 77” developing countries and China, said the 2030 Agenda required a revitalized global partnership which took into account differing national realities.  Spotlighting the transfer of technology on preferential terms and the creation of a non-discriminatory global trading system as key elements, he voiced concern that least developed countries had been sidelined by global investment.  Financing should address their special needs, including through blended or pooled financing, risk mitigation and infrastructure development, he said. Also speaking during the panel discussion were Steve Waygood, Chief Responsible Investment Officer, AVIVA Investors; Elliot Harris, Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP); and Giulia Porino, Finance Watch.  The session was moderated by Rachel Kyte, Chief Executive Officer, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL). Taking part in the plenary debate were representatives of Ethiopia, El Salvador (on behalf of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States), European Union, Belize (on behalf of the Caribbean Community), Maldives (on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island Developing States), Bangladesh (on behalf of the Group of Least Developed Countries), Luxembourg, Cuba, Tajikistan, Venezuela, Panama, Sri Lanka, Honduras, Japan, Afghanistan, Colombia, Brazil, Republic of Korea, Kenya, Morocco, Qatar, Cabo Verde, Myanmar, Mexico, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nepal, Timor-Leste, Philippines, United Republic of Tanzania and Kazakhstan. The Assembly will reconvene at a date and time to be announced. Introductory Remarks PETER THOMSON (Fiji), President of the General Assembly, opening the session, said today’s meeting built on a series of events aimed at driving global action to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.  Stressing that few issues could be more central to that goal than the mobilization of resources, he said financing the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) would require an estimated annual $6 trillion investment, or $90 trillion over 15 years. “While these sums may seem enormous, and the complexity of reforms needed to mobilize these funds may seem prohibitive, the fact is that the cost of our inaction will ultimately be far greater,” he said.  Indeed, inaction could jeopardize the very future of humanity.  Noting that the needed “exponential transformation” also offered opportunities for economic growth, social development, climate action and environmental protection, he emphasized the importance of bringing together all stakeholders, and aligning both financial markets and investment patterns with the 2030 Agenda. He said a key feature of today’s “SDG Financing Lab” was the participation of private sector actors, which were the custodians of the largest pool of global resources and drivers of entrepreneurship and innovation.  Drawing particular attention to the participation of Aviva, one of the largest insurers, he said the main challenge was in creating the right incentives and enabling environments to help the private sector orient its businesses and investments towards the world’s sustainable development needs. Noting that efforts by Governments, central banks and financial regulators were already leading to positive developments in that respect, he underlined the need to reform policy and regulatory frameworks to leverage public and private financing for the Sustainable Development Goals.  “We must also foster foreign investment and support banks to invest in higher-risk, longer-term projects,” many of which were in developing countries, he said, urging that investments also be made to tackle the drivers of conflict, displacement and humanitarian crises.  “It is time to shape global economic and financial governance structures and trade rules to help create a level playing field,” he concluded. AMINA J. MOHAMMED, Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations, said it was in the interest of all countries, companies and people to tap the wealth of good that sustainable development would bring in environmental, economic and social terms.  Significant resources were needed to realize the global vision to leave no one behind, as was a strategic approach that made the most of all investments.  First, official development assistance (ODA) commitments must be met consistently and predictably, and then used in a catalytic way to help develop domestic resources and activate local investor bases.  The United Nations could help countries shift from international to domestic sources for financing the Sustainable Development Goals. Increasingly, she said, financial flows and investments were being aligned with the Goals, but mobilizing pension funds, the insurance sector and other large pools of capital could produce even greater wins.  Sustainability should guide the creation of incentive structures, inform consumer preferences and shape the interests of shareholders.  Collectively, such forces could generate unstoppable positive momentum.  “The dividends will reverberate far and wide.  Success on the Goals would trigger beneficial results that will feed project pipelines leading to progress on gender, economic growth and climate action,” she said, adding that “investing in a world of dignity and opportunity generates secure markets, thriving consumers and protected natural resources.” A United Nations Foundation study showed that closing gender gaps in access to products and services could expand economic activity by $300 billion annually by 2025, she said, empowering millions of women to generate their own income, support their families and participate in markets.  Where people had decent jobs, enough food and good opportunities for their children, there was greater social cohesion.  Now was the moment to seize invaluable opportunities to leverage funding and innovation.  Citing examples, she said the World Bank and BNP Paribas were cooperating around Sustainable Development Goal-linked bonds, showing the powerful role of capital markets in connecting savings with development priorities, while offering investors an attractive risk-reward profile.  AVIVA Investors was promoting Sustainable Development Goal benchmarks, allowing individual investors to reward companies that performed well against sustainability goals, creating a clear commercial and reputational incentive for businesses to improve their sustainability credentials. Stressing that youth were at the cutting edge of innovation, she said leaders could “provide oxygen” to that spark by securing rights and freedoms.  In the developing world, such progress could be facilitated by supporting South-South cooperation and working to close the digital divide.  “The more we can help countries of the South to learn from each other, the more we will engender self-reliance and the ability to mobilize domestic resources.  And the more we can link energetic and creative young people to each other and society, the better our chances of success and peace,” she said. The critical ingredient for success was leadership, she said, and the United Nations was doing its part to live up to the expectations.  Noting that she was leading a comprehensive review of the United Nations development system, she said:  “I am open to your ideas for how we can do more to support your efforts and optimize our common contributions to development”.  The Organization was advocating a strong commitment to maintaining and increasing contributions to both ODA and South-South cooperation, and funding to the Green Climate Fund.  It was also joining forces with Governments, philanthropists and private investors to stimulate sustainable investment at all levels.  The agreements adopted in 2015 needed resources to become reality.  “By scaling up all sources of financing — public and private — countries will earn respect, investments and results in the form of progress for their people and stability for our world,” she said.  “I call on all of you here to give real meaning to this high-level meeting by acting on your responsibility as leaders in your different capacities to live up to your promises and do what is right.  This is a call on behalf of the working mothers, the unemployed fathers, and young people who have an education but cannot find a job,” she said.  “Let us realize this life of dignity for all.” MAHMOUD MOHIELDIN, Senior Vice President for Partnerships, United Nations Relations and the 2030 Agenda of the World Bank Group, agreed that there had been much convergence on how to do business better.  However, it was critical to scale up resources “from billions to trillions”, which would be needed to finance the 2030 Agenda’s implementation.  Recalling that discussions on boosting development financing had begun in 2013 — leading to the Agenda’s 2015 adoption — he said expectations on that front were mixed.  Stakeholders agreed that official development assistance (ODA), while critical for developing countries, would not be enough, and that more domestic resources mobilization was needed. While positive developments had been seen in some countries, he said serious concerns remained not only around financing but about the “real world” challenges of climate change, pandemic threats, rising inequality, displacement and major demographic shifts.  It was crucial to support the financial sector in becoming more inclusive and to put in place incentives, guarantees and de-risking structures.  Pointing to a recent unprecedented $75 billion investment in the International Development Association — also known as the Bank’s “fund for the poorest” — he called on all stakeholders to take investment more seriously in such areas as human resource development, resilience-building, affordable housing, infrastructure improvement, food and agriculture, health and well-being.  He said the private sector was now going beyond philanthropy to understand the opportunities presented by the Sustainable Development Goals and described efforts to both steer and target development financing, notably by excluding companies involved in armaments, gambling, nuclear weaponry, tobacco and similar areas.  The Bank was also working to ensure that risks and returns were properly managed through liquidity filtering and low-volatility filtering.  “It’s not just about the transaction,” he stressed, but about standardizing sustainability on a larger scale.  He pointed out that small island developing States and landlocked developing countries required special support, and outlined the Bank’s efforts to prevent and address such challenges as fragility, violence, armed conflict and forced displacement. Panel Discussion The panel discussion “What will it take to finance the Sustainable Development Goals? From ambition to reality” was moderated by Rachel Kyte, Chief Executive Officer, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All, and featured a keynote address by Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman, Bharti Enterprises, and Chairman, International Chamber of Commerce.  Delivering presentations were Steve Waygood, Chief Responsible Investment Officer, AVIVA Investors; Elliot Harris, Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP); Matt Arnold, Global Head of Sustainable Finance, JP Morgan Chase; and Giulia Porino, Finance Watch. Ms. KYTE said that given the bounty of public and private sustainable finance experience, the focus should now be on speed and scale.  “We need to be at 10 times the levels we are at the moment,” she said, asking how the financial system could be harnessed around sustainable development to make it move more aggressively and with more alacrity.  The public sector would have to take greater risks and find new ways to induce the private sector to move faster.  “Leaving no one behind” meant that risks in post-conflict countries were different than in other nations, she said, underlining that there was no one-size-fits-all approach. Mr. BHARTI said financing the Sustainable Development Goals would become the most important global purpose in the coming years.  Businesses could not move much further without being guided by the policies of various agencies and Governments worldwide.  Nor could Governments advance without the contribution of businesses.  The speed required to deliver the Sustainable Development Goals would be lost if the private sector was not involved.  With 6 million members worldwide, the International Chamber of Commerce now had a seat at the United Nations table and intended to use its voice to attach itself to the Goals. Trade liberalization, he said, had lifted at least 1 billion people out of poverty worldwide.  Global trade allowed developing countries to grow economically and low- and middle-income countries had greatly benefitted from open trade.  His country, India, was one of the most open countries in terms of global investment, and neighbouring Sri Lanka and Pakistan had opened their doors as well.  Yet, the Chamber of Commerce was deeply concerned by protectionist voices emanating from some parts of the United States and Europe.  The Chamber of Commerce focused on the Trade Facilitation Agreement and its effectiveness in creating access to global markets and examined how the Internet could connect markets, even in the tiniest places in Africa and Asia, to the developed world.  Another area of focus was financing for small- and medium-sized enterprises. The United Nations must use all its power to ensure that the developed world did not shut its doors on global trade, he said, stressing that more than $1 trillion in trade could be opened by the Sustainable Development Goals.  “There is a good business case for the Goals,” he said.  “Businesses would grow three times faster.  That is the power of adopting the Sustainable Development Goals.”  Highlighting the role of technology in accelerating the 2030 Agenda, he said Groupe Spécial Mobile Association, a trade body representing the interests of mobile operators worldwide, was the first body to adopt the Sustainable Development Goals in full scope.  The Association had worked closely with various agencies on disaster response, mobile money and utilities.  In the telecommunications world, the power big data was generating had been used to address epidemics and natural disasters.  Worldwide, 4.8 billion people had mobile phones, nearly 3.6 billion of them in emerging markets, with radio signals found deep in forests and deserts.  There was no substitute for a strong, viable telecommunications network that was technologically advanced and affordable for people to use.  “Inclusive trade must be the central priority if we are to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals,” he concluded, emphasizing that the Chamber of Commerce was committed to working closely with United Nations to ensure that the Goals were achieved within the stated timeframe. Mr. WAYGOOD said AVIVA Investors had half a trillion dollars in assets under management, with sustainable development embedded into investment decision-making.  The global economy and markets’ current structures were unsustainable.  “If the markets were structured properly, the Sustainable Development Goals simply would not exist,” he said.  “It is palpable just how much more focus there is now on the role of finance in achieving the Goals.  Noting the distinction between the different sectors and how to structure incentives and policy, he said market structure today was not well understood by citizens.  Most citizens did not know where insurance companies invested money or how investors chose a fund manager and bought and sold on market exchanges.  As a consequence, there was a lack of transparency and accountability in the financial system.  In the investment world, three years, even three months, was a long-term period. In examining how the international regulatory structure was working, he said the G-20, European Commission, United Nations and many Member States, for the first time, had started to envision in the last two years a road map for sustainable markets.  At such a historic moment, he emphasized the significance of recognizing the knowledge that the Global Compact, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and the Climate Investment Forum had at its fingertips.  That information was embedded in the Monterrey Consensus on Financing for Development, yet the “invitation had not been sent”, he said, calling on Member States to spread the message to his peers in the financial sector. Mr. HARRIS, Assistant Secretary-General and Head of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)’s New York Office, said the issue of profit was the very reason for the private sector’s existence.  In that regard, the 2030 Agenda must be made consistent with the way profit was made, he stressed, adding:  “It’s not just good business, it’s good for business.”  Over the next 15 years, it would become increasingly clear that sustainable production and consumption and resource efficiency were good for a company’s bottom line, but to date, sustainability efforts had been hampered by inertia and a lack of information on potential returns.  There was also a lack of methodology for assessing and managing those new risks, which turned many investors away from green projects, he said.  Noting that information could help businesses overcome those hurdles, he said the shift towards increased disclosure and forward thinking could help companies to be more sustainable, adding that they would need to address questions related to resource efficiency, climate change and the future desires of their clients.  Developing countries in particular would face challenges related to the lack of a pipeline of bankable sustainable projects at scale, he said, noting that the due diligence required for piecemeal small-scale investments would prove too onerous going forward.   Mr. ARNOLD, Global Head of Sustainable Finance, JP Morgan Chase, cited a major “cultural gap” between the United Nations and what was happening in the corporate world.  Indeed, a group of translators and anthropologists would be needed to help bridge the gap between the Sustainable Development Goals and the work of entities whose intrinsic function was to make a profit, with today’s dialogue serving as a critical platform for such efforts.  Noting that JP Morgan Chase was both a bank and an asset management firm, he said the challenge to using the company’s capital for sustainable development was risk.  Banks did not own the funds they lent, and depositors expected to get their money back.  Similarly, asset managers had a fiduciary responsibility to their clients to generate the highest return possible.  Against that backdrop, he said JP Morgan had recently begun to map the Sustainable Development Goals into three “buckets” for potential action:  environmental; inclusive growth; and partnership and innovations.  “We have wrapped our heads around ‘green’”, he said of the former, noting that the industry was becoming more comfortable working on the environmental goals.  Inclusive economic growth, on the other hand, was much more difficult to measure.  “We have an awful lot to learn,” he concluded, stressing that banks could be an important force for good but “we need to be educated.” Ms. PORINO, Membership, Outreach and Expertise Coordinator of Finance Watch, said her organization had been created in the aftermath of the global financial crisis with the mission of “counterbalancing” the financial sector.  “What we need […] are two simple words:  political will,” she stressed, noting that there had never been more global capital concentrated into fewer hands.  Today’s event helped frame a discussion about finance as a system that included both public and private investments, and a number of tools, such as tax policies and regulatory frameworks.  Calling for a consensus on a new economic model, she said bold and ambitious action was needed on the part of Governments and that a broader coalition of stakeholders should be created to oversee the process. Emphasizing that a large-scale shift towards a sustainable financial system required a “cold and hard look” at the current model — which was simply incompatible with sustainable development — she described a number of ways in which Governments could take the lead.  Subsidies for fossil fuels could be removed, for example, while taxes could be shifted from labour to carbon and the debt of developing countries could be forgiven.  Private financial flows should be directed in such a way as to bring a social purpose back to the heart of the financial system, she said, noting that the UNEP Inquiry into the Design of a Sustainable Financial System had already helped to identify and document best practices in that regard. MR. WAYGOOD said the key to transparency of global development was in the Sustainable Development Goals.  UNEP Inquiry — a sustainable stock exchange initiative set up in 2008 — had 62 exchanges, however not many of them were doing much that was very effective.  They were paying some heed to the lack of transparency, but their global conversations had not taken up the issue manifold.  There was a major conversation over whether transparency was mandatory and dozens of exchanges had come up with their own guidance.  The International Organization of Securities Commissions, the global standard setter for global securities market regulation, must create a road map and ensure companies exposed climate risk, he said, noting that voluntarism only worked up to a point and that it was time to look at creating a policy environment to address the problem properly. Mr. ARNOLD said JP Morgan’s task force on climate-related financial disclosure was doing financial stress-testing of portfolios, getting to know so-called “idiosyncratic risk” and “stress testing risk”.  Mandatory disclosure would enforce far more action.  The finance sector had to lead, he stressed, noting that too few asset managers, banks and insurers were doing voluntary disclosure.  Greater transparency, however, would not solve the Sustainable Development Goals’ problem; it would be a long time before there was disclosure comparability, as the financial disclosures of each company varied in terms of project risk, property rights and judicial review transparency.  Since the Sustainable Development Goals were a new idea for many financiers, they perceived risk to be greater than it actually was.  Transparency would indeed help, but there must be a conversation about de-risking investments so they could “crowd in” greater private capital.  At present, that amount was not big enough. MR. HARRIS said transparency among financial companies was limited.  One way to increase it was to give different market participants different roles in the equation.  Risk assessment must be at the retail level, on the ground, but that was not happening.  A set of stakeholders must be set up in a way that was acceptable to large-scale finance.  “We will have arrived when ratings agencies take the SMEs [small- and medium-sized enterprises] into account,” he said, noting that while some were now being taking on board, progress was still in the early stages and nowhere near the level of standardization. He said the Tropical Landscape Finance Facility between UNEP and Indonesia was a way to encourage large-scale global finance to bring money into small-scale investment in a developing country in areas such as renewable energy and tropical landscape management.  The Facility allowed large companies to finance the gap that small-scale companies could not provide and had pooled small projects together to provide individual project assessments.  Opening the door for big private finance to flow into small local investment on a global scale was a way to reach the Sustainable Development Goals. Ms. PORINO said that while organizations were working to establish transparency, when it came to setting standards, it was important to acknowledge the resistance of the financial sector in changing the status quo.  Europe had shown the political will to create clarity on that issue.  Despite a few steps in the right direction, Europe was far off from doing so in a way that could restore public trust in the financial sector and its service to society. Mr. WAYGOOD said that private companies had access to league tables that benchmarked corporate performance and looked at portfolio via apps.  If public tables were built, the results would be huge.  “It would effectively be democratizing corporate data,” he said, calling on the United Nations to “build those benchmarks, we can help you”. Mr. BHARTI said transparency was achievable.  The question was whether it should come from the heart or be mandatory.  The Government of India had created a name-and-shame index whereby companies must state in their annual report if they had spent 2 per cent of profits on corporate social responsibility projects.  “Can we mandate this system in a global corporate order so that companies start getting ranked?  In my opinion this is a must,” he said.  Transparency should be made a priority for lending and companies should be given marks or points for financing the Sustainable Development Goals.  “It is always hard to get to transparency, but to get it to a global order, you have to mandate it,” he said. Ms. KYTE, summing up the discussion, said it was a responsibility to regulate, but also to mobilize domestic resources in a way that they could be catalytic.  Money was not the problem; it was a question of pipelines of projects.  Money flowed in certain directions, but not others, and such disconnects must be resolved.  Transparency was as powerful galvanizer in electricity, water and other powerful sectors.  If the global community was serious about reaching the 2030 Agenda and the goal of de-carbonization by mid-century, a shift was needed as was a different dialogue between the public and financial sector. Statements BERHANE GEBRE-CHRISTOS, Special Envoy of the Prime Minister of Ethiopia, said the Sustainable Development Goals were being implemented through their implementation with the country’s national development plan.  Ethiopia had mobilized multiple types of financial resources, aligned with its national development priorities.  Through the introduction of comprehensive tax reform, the mobilization of domestic resources had been increasing.  Public financing, including grants and loans, had been used to build productive capacity, while official development assistance and foreign direct investment also played an important role.  Other financial instruments, including remittances, bonds and commercial lending for long-term programs had also been harnessed.  More than 60 per cent of Ethiopia’s national budget went to pro-poor development programmes, with special attention given to job creation and youth employment initiatives. MARIO A. ZAMBRANO ORTIZ (Ecuador), speaking on behalf of the “Group of 77” developing countries and China, said the 2030 Agenda’s implementation required a revitalized global partnership which took into account differing national realities.  Spotlighting the transfer of technology on preferential terms, as well as the creation of a non-discriminatory global trading system, he said private sector investment and innovation were major drivers of productivity and job creation.  He called on businesses to use those forces creatively to solve development challenges.  Noting with concern that many least developed countries — as well as those affected by conflict or living under colonial occupation — had been sidelined by global investment, he called for efforts to channel financing to address their special needs, including through blended or pooled financing, risk mitigation and infrastructure development.  LIU JIEYI (China), speaking on behalf of Brazil, the Russian Federation, India, China and South Africa (the “BRICS” Group), said the global economic recovery was fragile and suffered from a lack of dynamism, inadequate governance and stagnant investments.  Pointing to a rise in “anti-globalization” thinking around the world as well as declining political will, dwindling resources and fragmented efforts, he expressed hope that today’s meeting would foster consensus among stakeholders and build political will in support of common development goals.  He underscored the need to respect the principle of common but differentiated responsibility, stressing that developed nations should bear the primary responsibility for sustainable development, forgive debts and respond to the special needs of developing countries.  Calling for an equitable and open global investment environment, he urged States to resist protectionism and expedite reform of the global financial system. RUBEN ZAMORA (El Salvador), speaking on behalf of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC), underscored the importance of mobilizing new concessional and non-concessional financing.  Sharing knowledge and lessons learned through South-South and triangular cooperation was also vital, he added, emphasizing the need for continued transfer of clean technologies to developing countries.  Reaffirming the Group’s commitment to sustainable development, he said that despite progress made, ODA remained critical to reducing inequality and structural gaps.  Calling on developed countries to fulfil their commitment to allocate 0.7 per cent of their gross national income to ODA, he called on the United Nations development system and international financial institutions to address the specific needs and challenges of countries in the region.  He also called for greater resources and improvement of loan conditions. JO ADAMSON, European Union, said the move from billions to trillions would require full participation, stressing that the bloc was committed to the 2030 Agenda and the Addis Ababa Action Agenda.  Preliminary data by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) showed that ODA in Europe had increased by 11 per cent in 2016 to €75.5 billion, or 0.51 per cent of gross national income (GNI), up from 0.47 in 2015.  Only 25 per cent of that growth was due to in-country support for refugees.  ODA was vital to help least developed countries close financing gaps in health and education, and to catalyse other sources of finance.  Noting that more than one fifth of efforts went to least developed countries, he said the European Union was the world’s leading provider of ODA.  Noting that climate finance accelerated sustainable development, he called the first report of the Interagency Task Force on Financing for Development encouraging, as it struck a balanced tone, was factual and well-evidenced, and it drew on several examples.  The report should be a solid basis for discussing progress and gaps in issues covered in the Addis Ababa Action Agenda and the Economic and Social Council’s Forum on Financing for Development later in the month. LOIS MICHELE YOUNG (Belize), speaking on behalf of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), noted that some large international banks had been terminating or limiting their correspondent banking relationships with smaller Caribbean banks, with negative implications for the region.  Such “derisking” cut Caribbean businesses off from international trade and financing, prevented families from receiving remittances from relatives abroad and discouraged foreign investment, she said.  Through the Caribbean Development Bank, CARICOM was working to strengthen financial transparency and attempting to prevent the loss of correspondent banking relationships.  However, she said, those efforts would only bear fruit if banking partners collaborated in safeguarding such relationships. Ms. ZAHIR (Maldives), speaking on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island Developing States and associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said small island States required capacity-building and the transfer of environmentally-sound technology in order to realize the Sustainable Development Goals.  They faced specific challenges when accessing concessional finance from international financial institutions, she said, stressing that their structural vulnerabilities were often ignored as a result of discrepancies in their categorization within both the United Nations system and international financial institutions.  Urging those institutions to reconsider concessional financing for small island developing States – notwithstanding their income status — she noted with concern the declining trend in ODA for those countries, emphasizing that international public finance commitments must be met. MASUD BIN MOMEN (Bangladesh), speaking on behalf of the Group of Least Developed Countries and associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, warned that least developed countries would not be able to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals if today’s global growth trajectory continued.  States must urgently implement the Addis Ababa Action Agenda on Financing for Development and scale up both public and private sector investment.  Noting that blended finance instruments could prove helpful in that respect, he said efforts must be made to improve financial inclusion and protect developing countries in global markets.  “We must make serious efforts to resist inward-looking and protectionism measures,” he stressed, calling on the United Nations to address the obstacles to development financing. MARC BICHLER (Luxembourg) said ODA represented more than 1 per cent of the country’s GNI.  While affirming the importance of ODA, he said new alliances must be created with private sector actors to provide the financial means to achieve development ambitions.  Financing was needed to combat poverty and climate, and only a multi-disciplinary coalition would advance efficiency in that regard.  All societal actors must be involved, whether in creating policies for Governments, missions for non-governmental organizations or business plans for the private sector.  It was essential to understand and explain to private sector partners that sustainable development provided economic opportunities with quantifiable social and environmental impacts.  Strategies for financing the Goals must align subsidies, ODA, philanthropic donations and long-term loans.  Luxembourg had formed partnerships to launch the first fully financed green stock market and put in place a certification system for preventing “greenwashing” of private climate investments. ANA SILVIA RODRÍGUEZ ABASCAL (Cuba), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, CELAC, and the Group of Small Island Developing States, called for firm commitments and greater political resolve, noting that technology transfer and capacity-building were essential to achieve sustainable development and that public international flows remained inadequate.  Many donors had not met their ODA commitments.  While commending gains made in several sectors, she said more must be done to effectively utilize funding. MAHMADAMIN MAHMADAMINOV (Tajikistan), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said declining capital, volatile economies and climate change were obstacles to development and that mobilizing public and private resources was crucial.  Tajikistan’s social and economic reforms continued to strengthen its export potential and promote human development, he said, stressing the need for enhanced partnerships.  Meeting aid commitments was especially important to help countries in special situations use domestic resources, strengthen taxation capacities and catalyse public investment. RAFAEL DARÍO RAMÍREZ CARREÑO (Venezuela), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said resources from the developing world were being drained for the benefit of developed countries.  Developed countries had a responsibility to open their markets to the commodities of developing nations, he said, also calling for increased ODA.  Stressing that the sovereign management of domestic resources was vital for meeting education and health-care targets, he said Venezuela was ready to share its experience in that regard, as international financial institutions had only worsened the situation in developing countries, and people should have the right to decide their political, economic and social future. ISBETH LISBETH QUIEL MURCIA (Panama), associating herself with the Group of 77 and CELAC, stressed the need for mechanisms to mobilize funding for sustainable development.  For middle-income countries, it was important to ensure a balance between international expectations and the challenges faced on the ground.  Countries could not turn a blind eye to corruption, tax evasion and the illegal movement of money, which were part of a greater global problem.  Panama had recommitted to comply with the highest standards for international transparency, including on tax evasion. AMRITH ROHAN PERERA (Sri Lanka) said financing for development was a major problem for countries, including his own.  In Sri Lanka, public, private and innovative financing options were being mobilized to achieve development objectives.  The country had taken a holistic approach that took into account the environment, technology and innovation, entrepreneurship and access to financing, as well as other areas.  The creation of a carbon fund had allowed companies to achieve carbon neutrality. FADUA ORTEZ (Honduras), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said the 2030 Agenda would require a massive mobilization of funding, although it was important to remember that the goals and objectives of that Agenda were not separate from national efforts.  Innovative funding must be significantly increased, but it must not replace ODA or traditional financing mechanisms, she said, also advocating recognition of the diversity and unique development challenges of middle-income countries. YASUHISA KAWAMURA (Japan) said nearly two years after the adoption of the 2030 Agenda questions persisted on how to tap the vast private sector resources.  That sector was eager to invest in mutually beneficial arrangements.  He urged Member States to consider how they could foster the creation of structures and models that generated profit, attracted investment and helped achieve the Goals.  While it was a rather “unorthodox perspective”, the creation of sustainable business models alongside both traditional and innovative means of financing would help countries meet the Goals. MAHMOUD SAIKAL (Afghanistan), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, and the Least Developed Countries Group, said domestic resource mobilization was vital to national development.  As part of its fiscal strategy, the Government was committed to collecting enough revenue to meet its needs, and over time, gradually reducing its dependence on assistance.  To that end, it was planning to increase its development budget spending by 10 to 15 per cent each year as it expanded service delivery.  However, Afghanistan faced major challenges due to 30 years of conflict and its landlocked status, and he underscored the need for large investments in human capital and technology transfer. JAIME ANDRÉS GNECCO DAZA (Colombia), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said Governments must prioritize partnerships to realize the 2030 Agenda.  Resources beyond traditional financing were needed.  It was important for middle-income countries to address their particular challenges, and as such, more coordination was needed to ensure that that class of countries did not “fall back”.  There was a need to transfer technology and “marry the gap” between the developed and developing countries, he said, also pressing international financial institutions to consider the unique challenges faced by middle-income countries. PHILIP FOX-DRUMMOND GOUGH (Brazil) associating himself with the Group of 77, CELAC and “BRICS”, said his country was moving forward with comprehensive internal reforms aimed at restructuring the fiscal sector and setting the enabling environment for public and private investments.  Those reforms would build the stability and predictability needed for long-term decisions and commitments from all investors.  They would also ensure that the necessary means were available to finance social needs and foster inclusive development.  Brazil was committed to pursuing its South-South cooperation policies, including by providing experience and support to the peoples of the global South. CHO YEONGMOO (Republic of Korea) noted that his country assisted developing countries in modernizing their tax administration systems and building capacity.  A significant contributor of ODA, the Republic of Korea was steadily increasing its support for fragile and conflict-affected States.  It attached great importance to transparent sustainable development budgeting and had established innovative mechanisms for public engagement on wasteful spending and budget misappropriations.  As the host country of the Green Climate Fund Secretariat and the Global Green Growth Institute, the Republic of Korea would develop and share business models for new energy industries with developing countries, he said. KOKI MULI GRIGNON (Kenya) associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, said her country had put in place various tax reforms, including a tax modernization programme, which had resulted in an increased tax base.  The tax administration was highly efficient and run at below its targeted cost.  Noting that a strong revenue base would require investment, particularly from the private sector, she recalled that in 2016, Kenya had been ranked third of the world’s top ten reformers, and in an effort to promote faster business growth, had established a one-stop centre for investors.  An asset-recovery unit also had been set up within the national treasury, with the monies recovered having been directed towards health, clean energy and environmental projects. OMAR HILALE (Morocco), noting that priority projects and financing at the national level would have the greatest impact on sustainable development, underscored the importance of assisting developing countries to ensure they had the resources to reach their development goals.  Education was full of opportunities that should be exploited as they ensured training for young people and promoted their entrepreneurial spirit.  It was essential to mobilize more financial resources to combat climate change, aimed specifically at reducing greenhouse gases.  ODA must be improved and donor pledges honoured, he said, underscoring Morocco’s was committed to South-South Cooperation. GHANIM AL-HUDAIFI AL-KUWARI (Qatar), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said “it goes without saying” that achieving the Sustainable Development Goals required significant financial mobilization, while implementation of the 2030 Agenda required the concerted management of funds and respect for national priorities.  International cooperation was vital, he said, adding that sustainable development was a common responsibility.  “We must all work together,” he continued, while pledging his country’s assistance in development projects.  JOSÉ LUIS FIALHO ROCHA (Cabo Verde) called for the integration of all development agendas, namely those on climate change, disaster risk reduction and urban development.  Sustainable development plans must consider the needs of small island developing States by meeting their specificities and increasing spending, which had recently declined.  “Moving from words to action requires that we focus,” he stressed, calling for national development strategies that prioritized goals and an international financial assessment mechanism that could support coordination.  Indeed, economic growth must be complemented by a social compact. AYE MYA MYA KHAING (Myanmar), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, and the least developed countries, urged significant cooperation at the local, regional, and international levels.   Myanmar’s projects were based on the Goals and focused on close work with United Nations agencies.  Echoing concerns over the growing imbalance between core and non-core resources, and declining foreign direct investment, she drew attention to the need for technology transfer and private sector participation.  While underscoring the role of international development aid, she said national ownership was critical in order to advance development. SYLVIA PAOLA MENDOZA ELGUEA (Mexico), associating herself with CELAC, recognized the importance of the private sector in creating innovative and inclusive models.  In Mexico, the private sector was encouraged to provide employment to women and young people.  Indeed, there could be no peace without development, and no development without peace, and she called on the global community to come together to mobilize resources. Ms. NURAN (Indonesia) stressed that national circumstances differed, even if countries faced the same basic challenges.  The financing available would not have much value if different national realities, capacities and development levels were not considered.  The sharing of experiences and information could help identify strategies best-suited to specific country contexts.  She urged that more studies be conducted to understand how markets in least developed countries could better attract foreign investors, stressing that the funding gap could only be met by significantly increasing private sector participation.  The mobilization of domestic public resources was also critical to achieving sustainable development. Mr. SHAHABUDIN (Malaysia) said that as his country moved towards a high-value, knowledge-based economy with a strong focus on services and manufacturing, innovation would be crucial for raising the efficiency, and thus, productivity.  Malaysia was working to balance a growing population and demand, with the imperative need for green growth strategies, given the increasing intensity and frequency of extreme weather events.  Middle-income countries still faced significant challenges to achieving sustainable development, he stressed. LOK BAHADUR POUDEL CHHETRI (Nepal) associating himself with the Group of 77 and the least developed countries, expressed concern over the slow identification of what worked at the global, national and local levels in terms of leveraging resources.  There was an urgent need to use available tools, he said, stressing that partnerships and technology transfer, in addition to traditional financing mechanisms, must be used to support implementation of the 2030 Agenda.  Resource gaps were even greater for countries in special situations, including Nepal. Mr. TILMAN (Timor-Leste), associating himself with the Group of 77, the Alliance of Small Island States and the least developed countries, said funding from all sources must be maximized in order to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals.  Timor-Leste was honoured to be part of a new type of cooperation called “fragile-to-fragile cooperation”, which allowed countries to share ideas and solutions aimed at addressing the unique needs of countries in fragile situations. MARIA ANGELA PONCE (Philippines), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, said South-South cooperation was critical to mobilize resources for the sustainable development of developing countries.  Underscoring the need for accountability and transparency, she said ODA to her country had been on the decline since 2001, a trend in countries approaching or having approached middle-income status.  The Government, therefore, was working to maximize tax revenue while encouraging private sector investment in projects to bridge funding gaps. SONGELAEL W. SHILLA (United Republic of Tanzania), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said his country was creating a favourable investment climate to attract more business to the extractive, agriculture and telecommunications industries, which were key drivers of development.  While underscoring the importance of domestic resource mobilization, national ownership and good governance, he said domestic resources alone were insufficient for achieving the 2030 Agenda and he emphasized the critical role of international funds in that regard.  International trade, debt and other systemic issues also required international and “undivided attention”. RUSLAN BULTRIKOV (Kazakhstan) said his country’s commitment to sustainable development was evident in its national agendas and plans.  The Government had introduced a plan to reduce carbon emissions and was working to implement a trade-related project to reduce greenhouse gasses.  Such initiatives were in line with the Paris Agreement on Climate Change.  Kazakhstan had also allocated one per cent of its defence spending to finance development goals, in hopes that such a “complementary channel of financing” would help meet targets. Taking the floor a second time, the representative of Venezuela said he rejected the lies and manipulations directed toward his country by his counterpart from Morocco, stressing that the meeting had been used to air issues that were not on the agenda. Also taking the floor a second time, the representative of Morocco responded that while Venezuela was quite rich, the regime there had chosen not to use national resources appropriately to benefit the people. Ms. KYTE, in closing remarks, said that what had become clear during today’s event was that the speed and scale of financing required for the 2030 Agenda was of critical importance. The moderators of afternoon workshops then took the floor to describe the outcomes of their respective discussions.  John McArthur, Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution, noted that participants in a workshop on “Building an inclusive and peaceful future where no one is left behind” had stressed the need for the United Nations to bring the most relevant stakeholders together to solve the financing for development challenge.  Others had urged the United Nations to more explicitly encourage each country’s national coordinating body to take a more active role. Irving Mintzer, Visiting Research Scholar at the School of Advanced International Studies, Johns Hopkins University, said participants in a workshop titled “Fostering economic growth and development, and tackling inequality” had questioned what the United Nations could do to more efficiently galvanize financing for development.  The world must shift from an incremental mode to a transformation approach to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. Simon Zadek, co-Director, United Nations Environment Inquiry, who moderated a workshop on “Protecting our world in the present and the future”, said that while there had been an emphasis on the risk and de-risking of investments, many participants had also highlighted the need for policy-influenced investment vehicles. Mr. THOMSON, in closing remarks, said he had been encouraged by the frank and practical nature of today’s dialogue.  Discussions had emphasized the need to increase the speed and scale of action, with speakers recognizing the magnitude of challenges ahead, the volume of resources needed and the importance of partnerships.  Many had reaffirmed the need for predictable ODA to catalyse change, including domestic resource mobilization. Further, he said, the discussions had encouraged the World Bank and other multilateral development banks to leverage investments to develop financial systems.  Business leaders had confirmed that — with the right policy mix — asset holders could be incentivized to divest from underperforming investments and instead direct funds towards sustainable projects.  The role of the United Nations in fostering dialogue between the public and private sectors had received wide support, as had further exploration of the potential “sweet spot” the Organization could occupy between Member States and global financial institutions.  He pledged to convey those messages to finance ministers gathering at the World Bank Spring meetings in Washington, D.C., later this week.     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on April 19, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 19, 2017 @ 12:20 pm Filed Under: 24-7, Africa, Americas, Asia Pacific Region, Brazil, China, Climate, Defence, Economics, English, Environment, Europe, Exploration, Global Bodies, Latin America, MIL OSI, Nuclear Industry, Open Source Intel, Peoples Republic Of China, Russia, United Nations, United States of America NEXT ARTICLE → Collected Department Releases: Non-Violence and Accountability During Protests in Venezuela About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals Collected Department Releases: Non-Violence and Accountability During Protests in Venezuela Press Releases: Non-Violence and Accountability During Protests in Venezuela ICYMI: Californians to Jeff Denham: Do your job SHOT/CHASER: Republicans Dismiss Neighbors as Paid Protesters © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to main content Welcome to the United Nations. It’s your world. United Nations Meetings Coverage and Press Releases Toggle navigation Home Secretary-General Latest from Secretary-General Press Releases Press Conferences Statements and Messages Travel Appointments Miscellaneous Deputy Secretary-General General Assembly Latest from General Assembly Meetings Coverage Press Releases Press Conferences Plenary First Committee Second Committee Third Committee Fourth Committee Fifth Committee Sixth Committee Peacebuilding Commission Security Council Latest from Security Council Meetings Coverage Press Releases Press Conferences Economic and Social Council Latest from Economic and Social Council Meetings Coverage Press Releases Press Conferences Home Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals Meetings Coverage GA/11905 18 April 2017 General Assembly Plenary Seventy-first Session, Sustainable Development Goals Event, AM & PM Speakers in General Assembly Event Urge ‘Dramatic’ Increase in Private Investment, Pooled Resources to Meet $6 Trillion Annual Cost of Sustainable Development Goals While a daunting $90 trillion would be required to tackle sustainable development challenges in the coming years, speakers at today’s General Assembly Action Event warned that the cost of inaction would ultimately be far deeper, with humanity’s very future hanging in the balance. Executives from various financial firms — including JP Morgan Chase and AVIVA Investors — joined Member States at the Assembly’s “SDG Financing Lab”, discussing ways to align financial markets with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.  Speakers from across those diverse sectors agreed that private investment in development could be scaled up dramatically by reducing risk and educating companies about the bottom-line benefits of sustainability. However, many delegates also voiced concern that those opportunities could be overshadowed by a rising tide of nationalism and a resurgence of protectionist policies around the globe.  Some urged Governments to resist those trends, calling instead for open, inclusive markets to help level the playing field. Assembly President Peter Thomson (Fiji) said at the outset that estimates put the cost of achieving all 17 Sustainable Development Goals at $6 trillion annually until 2030.  “While these sums may seem enormous, and the complexity of reforms needed to mobilize these funds may seem prohibitive, the fact is that the cost of our inaction will ultimately be far greater,” he said.  As the private sector was the custodian of the world’s largest pool of resources, the main challenge was to create the right incentives and enabling environments to help businesses reorient investments towards sustainable development. United Nations Deputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed agreed that it was in the interest of all countries, companies and people to tap the wealth of good that sustainable development would bring in environmental, economic and social terms.  Noting that financial flows and investments were increasingly being aligned with the Goals, she said mobilizing pension funds, the insurance sector and other large pools of capital could produce even greater wins.  Sustainability should guide the creation of incentive structures, inform consumer preferences and shape shareholder interests, she said, adding:  “The dividends will reverberate far and wide.” Mahmoud Mohieldin, Senior Vice President for Partnerships, United Nations Relations and the 2030 Agenda of the World Bank Group, called on all stakeholders to take investment more seriously in such areas as human resource development, affordable housing and infrastructure improvement.  Noting that the private sector was moving beyond philanthropy to better understand the opportunities presented by the Goals, he nevertheless underscored the importance of standardizing sustainability into markets on a larger scale. As the Assembly opened its panel discussion on the theme, “What will it take to finance the Sustainable Development Goals? From ambition to reality”, keynote speaker Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman of the Indian telecommunications giant Bharti Enterprises, recalled that trade liberalization had lifted 1 billion people out of poverty worldwide.  Pointing out that India was among the most open countries in terms of global investment, he expressed concern over protectionist voices emanating from some parts of the United States and Europe.  He also emphasized the role of Governments in mandating corporate social responsibility, pointing to India’s establishment of a “name-and-shame” index in that regard. Matt Arnold, Global Head of Sustainable Finance for JP Morgan Chase, said the main challenge to investing private capital in sustainable development projects was risk.  Banks did not own the funds they lent, and depositors expected to get their money back.  JP Morgan had nevertheless begun to chart potential action on the Sustainable Development Goals, he said, stressing that banks could be an important force for good but “we need to be educated.” A number of speakers during the ensuing plenary debate echoed those hopes and concerns, while outlining their particular national and regional challenges.  China’s representative, on behalf of Brazil, the Russian Federation, India, China and South Africa (the “BRICS” Group), expressed concern that the global financial recovery suffered from a lack of dynamism, inadequate governance and stagnant investment.  Pointing to a rise in “anti-globalization” thinking and declining political will, he urged States to resist protectionism and urged developed nations to bear the primary responsibility for financing sustainable development. Similarly, Ecuador’s representative, on behalf of the “Group of 77” developing countries and China, said the 2030 Agenda required a revitalized global partnership which took into account differing national realities.  Spotlighting the transfer of technology on preferential terms and the creation of a non-discriminatory global trading system as key elements, he voiced concern that least developed countries had been sidelined by global investment.  Financing should address their special needs, including through blended or pooled financing, risk mitigation and infrastructure development, he said. Also speaking during the panel discussion were Steve Waygood, Chief Responsible Investment Officer, AVIVA Investors; Elliot Harris, Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP); and Giulia Porino, Finance Watch.  The session was moderated by Rachel Kyte, Chief Executive Officer, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All (SEforALL). Taking part in the plenary debate were representatives of Ethiopia, El Salvador (on behalf of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States), European Union, Belize (on behalf of the Caribbean Community), Maldives (on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island Developing States), Bangladesh (on behalf of the Group of Least Developed Countries), Luxembourg, Cuba, Tajikistan, Venezuela, Panama, Sri Lanka, Honduras, Japan, Afghanistan, Colombia, Brazil, Republic of Korea, Kenya, Morocco, Qatar, Cabo Verde, Myanmar, Mexico, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nepal, Timor-Leste, Philippines, United Republic of Tanzania and Kazakhstan. The Assembly will reconvene at a date and time to be announced. Introductory Remarks PETER THOMSON (Fiji), President of the General Assembly, opening the session, said today’s meeting built on a series of events aimed at driving global action to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.  Stressing that few issues could be more central to that goal than the mobilization of resources, he said financing the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) would require an estimated annual $6 trillion investment, or $90 trillion over 15 years. “While these sums may seem enormous, and the complexity of reforms needed to mobilize these funds may seem prohibitive, the fact is that the cost of our inaction will ultimately be far greater,” he said.  Indeed, inaction could jeopardize the very future of humanity.  Noting that the needed “exponential transformation” also offered opportunities for economic growth, social development, climate action and environmental protection, he emphasized the importance of bringing together all stakeholders, and aligning both financial markets and investment patterns with the 2030 Agenda. He said a key feature of today’s “SDG Financing Lab” was the participation of private sector actors, which were the custodians of the largest pool of global resources and drivers of entrepreneurship and innovation.  Drawing particular attention to the participation of Aviva, one of the largest insurers, he said the main challenge was in creating the right incentives and enabling environments to help the private sector orient its businesses and investments towards the world’s sustainable development needs. Noting that efforts by Governments, central banks and financial regulators were already leading to positive developments in that respect, he underlined the need to reform policy and regulatory frameworks to leverage public and private financing for the Sustainable Development Goals.  “We must also foster foreign investment and support banks to invest in higher-risk, longer-term projects,” many of which were in developing countries, he said, urging that investments also be made to tackle the drivers of conflict, displacement and humanitarian crises.  “It is time to shape global economic and financial governance structures and trade rules to help create a level playing field,” he concluded. AMINA J. MOHAMMED, Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations, said it was in the interest of all countries, companies and people to tap the wealth of good that sustainable development would bring in environmental, economic and social terms.  Significant resources were needed to realize the global vision to leave no one behind, as was a strategic approach that made the most of all investments.  First, official development assistance (ODA) commitments must be met consistently and predictably, and then used in a catalytic way to help develop domestic resources and activate local investor bases.  The United Nations could help countries shift from international to domestic sources for financing the Sustainable Development Goals. Increasingly, she said, financial flows and investments were being aligned with the Goals, but mobilizing pension funds, the insurance sector and other large pools of capital could produce even greater wins.  Sustainability should guide the creation of incentive structures, inform consumer preferences and shape the interests of shareholders.  Collectively, such forces could generate unstoppable positive momentum.  “The dividends will reverberate far and wide.  Success on the Goals would trigger beneficial results that will feed project pipelines leading to progress on gender, economic growth and climate action,” she said, adding that “investing in a world of dignity and opportunity generates secure markets, thriving consumers and protected natural resources.” A United Nations Foundation study showed that closing gender gaps in access to products and services could expand economic activity by $300 billion annually by 2025, she said, empowering millions of women to generate their own income, support their families and participate in markets.  Where people had decent jobs, enough food and good opportunities for their children, there was greater social cohesion.  Now was the moment to seize invaluable opportunities to leverage funding and innovation.  Citing examples, she said the World Bank and BNP Paribas were cooperating around Sustainable Development Goal-linked bonds, showing the powerful role of capital markets in connecting savings with development priorities, while offering investors an attractive risk-reward profile.  AVIVA Investors was promoting Sustainable Development Goal benchmarks, allowing individual investors to reward companies that performed well against sustainability goals, creating a clear commercial and reputational incentive for businesses to improve their sustainability credentials. Stressing that youth were at the cutting edge of innovation, she said leaders could “provide oxygen” to that spark by securing rights and freedoms.  In the developing world, such progress could be facilitated by supporting South-South cooperation and working to close the digital divide.  “The more we can help countries of the South to learn from each other, the more we will engender self-reliance and the ability to mobilize domestic resources.  And the more we can link energetic and creative young people to each other and society, the better our chances of success and peace,” she said. The critical ingredient for success was leadership, she said, and the United Nations was doing its part to live up to the expectations.  Noting that she was leading a comprehensive review of the United Nations development system, she said:  “I am open to your ideas for how we can do more to support your efforts and optimize our common contributions to development”.  The Organization was advocating a strong commitment to maintaining and increasing contributions to both ODA and South-South cooperation, and funding to the Green Climate Fund.  It was also joining forces with Governments, philanthropists and private investors to stimulate sustainable investment at all levels.  The agreements adopted in 2015 needed resources to become reality.  “By scaling up all sources of financing — public and private — countries will earn respect, investments and results in the form of progress for their people and stability for our world,” she said.  “I call on all of you here to give real meaning to this high-level meeting by acting on your responsibility as leaders in your different capacities to live up to your promises and do what is right.  This is a call on behalf of the working mothers, the unemployed fathers, and young people who have an education but cannot find a job,” she said.  “Let us realize this life of dignity for all.” MAHMOUD MOHIELDIN, Senior Vice President for Partnerships, United Nations Relations and the 2030 Agenda of the World Bank Group, agreed that there had been much convergence on how to do business better.  However, it was critical to scale up resources “from billions to trillions”, which would be needed to finance the 2030 Agenda’s implementation.  Recalling that discussions on boosting development financing had begun in 2013 — leading to the Agenda’s 2015 adoption — he said expectations on that front were mixed.  Stakeholders agreed that official development assistance (ODA), while critical for developing countries, would not be enough, and that more domestic resources mobilization was needed. While positive developments had been seen in some countries, he said serious concerns remained not only around financing but about the “real world” challenges of climate change, pandemic threats, rising inequality, displacement and major demographic shifts.  It was crucial to support the financial sector in becoming more inclusive and to put in place incentives, guarantees and de-risking structures.  Pointing to a recent unprecedented $75 billion investment in the International Development Association — also known as the Bank’s “fund for the poorest” — he called on all stakeholders to take investment more seriously in such areas as human resource development, resilience-building, affordable housing, infrastructure improvement, food and agriculture, health and well-being.  He said the private sector was now going beyond philanthropy to understand the opportunities presented by the Sustainable Development Goals and described efforts to both steer and target development financing, notably by excluding companies involved in armaments, gambling, nuclear weaponry, tobacco and similar areas.  The Bank was also working to ensure that risks and returns were properly managed through liquidity filtering and low-volatility filtering.  “It’s not just about the transaction,” he stressed, but about standardizing sustainability on a larger scale.  He pointed out that small island developing States and landlocked developing countries required special support, and outlined the Bank’s efforts to prevent and address such challenges as fragility, violence, armed conflict and forced displacement. Panel Discussion The panel discussion “What will it take to finance the Sustainable Development Goals? From ambition to reality” was moderated by Rachel Kyte, Chief Executive Officer, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All, and featured a keynote address by Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman, Bharti Enterprises, and Chairman, International Chamber of Commerce.  Delivering presentations were Steve Waygood, Chief Responsible Investment Officer, AVIVA Investors; Elliot Harris, Assistant Secretary-General, United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP); Matt Arnold, Global Head of Sustainable Finance, JP Morgan Chase; and Giulia Porino, Finance Watch. Ms. KYTE said that given the bounty of public and private sustainable finance experience, the focus should now be on speed and scale.  “We need to be at 10 times the levels we are at the moment,” she said, asking how the financial system could be harnessed around sustainable development to make it move more aggressively and with more alacrity.  The public sector would have to take greater risks and find new ways to induce the private sector to move faster.  “Leaving no one behind” meant that risks in post-conflict countries were different than in other nations, she said, underlining that there was no one-size-fits-all approach. Mr. BHARTI said financing the Sustainable Development Goals would become the most important global purpose in the coming years.  Businesses could not move much further without being guided by the policies of various agencies and Governments worldwide.  Nor could Governments advance without the contribution of businesses.  The speed required to deliver the Sustainable Development Goals would be lost if the private sector was not involved.  With 6 million members worldwide, the International Chamber of Commerce now had a seat at the United Nations table and intended to use its voice to attach itself to the Goals. Trade liberalization, he said, had lifted at least 1 billion people out of poverty worldwide.  Global trade allowed developing countries to grow economically and low- and middle-income countries had greatly benefitted from open trade.  His country, India, was one of the most open countries in terms of global investment, and neighbouring Sri Lanka and Pakistan had opened their doors as well.  Yet, the Chamber of Commerce was deeply concerned by protectionist voices emanating from some parts of the United States and Europe.  The Chamber of Commerce focused on the Trade Facilitation Agreement and its effectiveness in creating access to global markets and examined how the Internet could connect markets, even in the tiniest places in Africa and Asia, to the developed world.  Another area of focus was financing for small- and medium-sized enterprises. The United Nations must use all its power to ensure that the developed world did not shut its doors on global trade, he said, stressing that more than $1 trillion in trade could be opened by the Sustainable Development Goals.  “There is a good business case for the Goals,” he said.  “Businesses would grow three times faster.  That is the power of adopting the Sustainable Development Goals.”  Highlighting the role of technology in accelerating the 2030 Agenda, he said Groupe Spécial Mobile Association, a trade body representing the interests of mobile operators worldwide, was the first body to adopt the Sustainable Development Goals in full scope.  The Association had worked closely with various agencies on disaster response, mobile money and utilities.  In the telecommunications world, the power big data was generating had been used to address epidemics and natural disasters.  Worldwide, 4.8 billion people had mobile phones, nearly 3.6 billion of them in emerging markets, with radio signals found deep in forests and deserts.  There was no substitute for a strong, viable telecommunications network that was technologically advanced and affordable for people to use.  “Inclusive trade must be the central priority if we are to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals,” he concluded, emphasizing that the Chamber of Commerce was committed to working closely with United Nations to ensure that the Goals were achieved within the stated timeframe. Mr. WAYGOOD said AVIVA Investors had half a trillion dollars in assets under management, with sustainable development embedded into investment decision-making.  The global economy and markets’ current structures were unsustainable.  “If the markets were structured properly, the Sustainable Development Goals simply would not exist,” he said.  “It is palpable just how much more focus there is now on the role of finance in achieving the Goals.  Noting the distinction between the different sectors and how to structure incentives and policy, he said market structure today was not well understood by citizens.  Most citizens did not know where insurance companies invested money or how investors chose a fund manager and bought and sold on market exchanges.  As a consequence, there was a lack of transparency and accountability in the financial system.  In the investment world, three years, even three months, was a long-term period. In examining how the international regulatory structure was working, he said the G-20, European Commission, United Nations and many Member States, for the first time, had started to envision in the last two years a road map for sustainable markets.  At such a historic moment, he emphasized the significance of recognizing the knowledge that the Global Compact, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and the Climate Investment Forum had at its fingertips.  That information was embedded in the Monterrey Consensus on Financing for Development, yet the “invitation had not been sent”, he said, calling on Member States to spread the message to his peers in the financial sector. Mr. HARRIS, Assistant Secretary-General and Head of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)’s New York Office, said the issue of profit was the very reason for the private sector’s existence.  In that regard, the 2030 Agenda must be made consistent with the way profit was made, he stressed, adding:  “It’s not just good business, it’s good for business.”  Over the next 15 years, it would become increasingly clear that sustainable production and consumption and resource efficiency were good for a company’s bottom line, but to date, sustainability efforts had been hampered by inertia and a lack of information on potential returns.  There was also a lack of methodology for assessing and managing those new risks, which turned many investors away from green projects, he said.  Noting that information could help businesses overcome those hurdles, he said the shift towards increased disclosure and forward thinking could help companies to be more sustainable, adding that they would need to address questions related to resource efficiency, climate change and the future desires of their clients.  Developing countries in particular would face challenges related to the lack of a pipeline of bankable sustainable projects at scale, he said, noting that the due diligence required for piecemeal small-scale investments would prove too onerous going forward.   Mr. ARNOLD, Global Head of Sustainable Finance, JP Morgan Chase, cited a major “cultural gap” between the United Nations and what was happening in the corporate world.  Indeed, a group of translators and anthropologists would be needed to help bridge the gap between the Sustainable Development Goals and the work of entities whose intrinsic function was to make a profit, with today’s dialogue serving as a critical platform for such efforts.  Noting that JP Morgan Chase was both a bank and an asset management firm, he said the challenge to using the company’s capital for sustainable development was risk.  Banks did not own the funds they lent, and depositors expected to get their money back.  Similarly, asset managers had a fiduciary responsibility to their clients to generate the highest return possible.  Against that backdrop, he said JP Morgan had recently begun to map the Sustainable Development Goals into three “buckets” for potential action:  environmental; inclusive growth; and partnership and innovations.  “We have wrapped our heads around ‘green’”, he said of the former, noting that the industry was becoming more comfortable working on the environmental goals.  Inclusive economic growth, on the other hand, was much more difficult to measure.  “We have an awful lot to learn,” he concluded, stressing that banks could be an important force for good but “we need to be educated.” Ms. PORINO, Membership, Outreach and Expertise Coordinator of Finance Watch, said her organization had been created in the aftermath of the global financial crisis with the mission of “counterbalancing” the financial sector.  “What we need […] are two simple words:  political will,” she stressed, noting that there had never been more global capital concentrated into fewer hands.  Today’s event helped frame a discussion about finance as a system that included both public and private investments, and a number of tools, such as tax policies and regulatory frameworks.  Calling for a consensus on a new economic model, she said bold and ambitious action was needed on the part of Governments and that a broader coalition of stakeholders should be created to oversee the process. Emphasizing that a large-scale shift towards a sustainable financial system required a “cold and hard look” at the current model — which was simply incompatible with sustainable development — she described a number of ways in which Governments could take the lead.  Subsidies for fossil fuels could be removed, for example, while taxes could be shifted from labour to carbon and the debt of developing countries could be forgiven.  Private financial flows should be directed in such a way as to bring a social purpose back to the heart of the financial system, she said, noting that the UNEP Inquiry into the Design of a Sustainable Financial System had already helped to identify and document best practices in that regard. MR. WAYGOOD said the key to transparency of global development was in the Sustainable Development Goals.  UNEP Inquiry — a sustainable stock exchange initiative set up in 2008 — had 62 exchanges, however not many of them were doing much that was very effective.  They were paying some heed to the lack of transparency, but their global conversations had not taken up the issue manifold.  There was a major conversation over whether transparency was mandatory and dozens of exchanges had come up with their own guidance.  The International Organization of Securities Commissions, the global standard setter for global securities market regulation, must create a road map and ensure companies exposed climate risk, he said, noting that voluntarism only worked up to a point and that it was time to look at creating a policy environment to address the problem properly. Mr. ARNOLD said JP Morgan’s task force on climate-related financial disclosure was doing financial stress-testing of portfolios, getting to know so-called “idiosyncratic risk” and “stress testing risk”.  Mandatory disclosure would enforce far more action.  The finance sector had to lead, he stressed, noting that too few asset managers, banks and insurers were doing voluntary disclosure.  Greater transparency, however, would not solve the Sustainable Development Goals’ problem; it would be a long time before there was disclosure comparability, as the financial disclosures of each company varied in terms of project risk, property rights and judicial review transparency.  Since the Sustainable Development Goals were a new idea for many financiers, they perceived risk to be greater than it actually was.  Transparency would indeed help, but there must be a conversation about de-risking investments so they could “crowd in” greater private capital.  At present, that amount was not big enough. MR. HARRIS said transparency among financial companies was limited.  One way to increase it was to give different market participants different roles in the equation.  Risk assessment must be at the retail level, on the ground, but that was not happening.  A set of stakeholders must be set up in a way that was acceptable to large-scale finance.  “We will have arrived when ratings agencies take the SMEs [small- and medium-sized enterprises] into account,” he said, noting that while some were now being taking on board, progress was still in the early stages and nowhere near the level of standardization. He said the Tropical Landscape Finance Facility between UNEP and Indonesia was a way to encourage large-scale global finance to bring money into small-scale investment in a developing country in areas such as renewable energy and tropical landscape management.  The Facility allowed large companies to finance the gap that small-scale companies could not provide and had pooled small projects together to provide individual project assessments.  Opening the door for big private finance to flow into small local investment on a global scale was a way to reach the Sustainable Development Goals. Ms. PORINO said that while organizations were working to establish transparency, when it came to setting standards, it was important to acknowledge the resistance of the financial sector in changing the status quo.  Europe had shown the political will to create clarity on that issue.  Despite a few steps in the right direction, Europe was far off from doing so in a way that could restore public trust in the financial sector and its service to society. Mr. WAYGOOD said that private companies had access to league tables that benchmarked corporate performance and looked at portfolio via apps.  If public tables were built, the results would be huge.  “It would effectively be democratizing corporate data,” he said, calling on the United Nations to “build those benchmarks, we can help you”. Mr. BHARTI said transparency was achievable.  The question was whether it should come from the heart or be mandatory.  The Government of India had created a name-and-shame index whereby companies must state in their annual report if they had spent 2 per cent of profits on corporate social responsibility projects.  “Can we mandate this system in a global corporate order so that companies start getting ranked?  In my opinion this is a must,” he said.  Transparency should be made a priority for lending and companies should be given marks or points for financing the Sustainable Development Goals.  “It is always hard to get to transparency, but to get it to a global order, you have to mandate it,” he said. Ms. KYTE, summing up the discussion, said it was a responsibility to regulate, but also to mobilize domestic resources in a way that they could be catalytic.  Money was not the problem; it was a question of pipelines of projects.  Money flowed in certain directions, but not others, and such disconnects must be resolved.  Transparency was as powerful galvanizer in electricity, water and other powerful sectors.  If the global community was serious about reaching the 2030 Agenda and the goal of de-carbonization by mid-century, a shift was needed as was a different dialogue between the public and financial sector. Statements BERHANE GEBRE-CHRISTOS, Special Envoy of the Prime Minister of Ethiopia, said the Sustainable Development Goals were being implemented through their implementation with the country’s national development plan.  Ethiopia had mobilized multiple types of financial resources, aligned with its national development priorities.  Through the introduction of comprehensive tax reform, the mobilization of domestic resources had been increasing.  Public financing, including grants and loans, had been used to build productive capacity, while official development assistance and foreign direct investment also played an important role.  Other financial instruments, including remittances, bonds and commercial lending for long-term programs had also been harnessed.  More than 60 per cent of Ethiopia’s national budget went to pro-poor development programmes, with special attention given to job creation and youth employment initiatives. MARIO A. ZAMBRANO ORTIZ (Ecuador), speaking on behalf of the “Group of 77” developing countries and China, said the 2030 Agenda’s implementation required a revitalized global partnership which took into account differing national realities.  Spotlighting the transfer of technology on preferential terms, as well as the creation of a non-discriminatory global trading system, he said private sector investment and innovation were major drivers of productivity and job creation.  He called on businesses to use those forces creatively to solve development challenges.  Noting with concern that many least developed countries — as well as those affected by conflict or living under colonial occupation — had been sidelined by global investment, he called for efforts to channel financing to address their special needs, including through blended or pooled financing, risk mitigation and infrastructure development.  LIU JIEYI (China), speaking on behalf of Brazil, the Russian Federation, India, China and South Africa (the “BRICS” Group), said the global economic recovery was fragile and suffered from a lack of dynamism, inadequate governance and stagnant investments.  Pointing to a rise in “anti-globalization” thinking around the world as well as declining political will, dwindling resources and fragmented efforts, he expressed hope that today’s meeting would foster consensus among stakeholders and build political will in support of common development goals.  He underscored the need to respect the principle of common but differentiated responsibility, stressing that developed nations should bear the primary responsibility for sustainable development, forgive debts and respond to the special needs of developing countries.  Calling for an equitable and open global investment environment, he urged States to resist protectionism and expedite reform of the global financial system. RUBEN ZAMORA (El Salvador), speaking on behalf of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC), underscored the importance of mobilizing new concessional and non-concessional financing.  Sharing knowledge and lessons learned through South-South and triangular cooperation was also vital, he added, emphasizing the need for continued transfer of clean technologies to developing countries.  Reaffirming the Group’s commitment to sustainable development, he said that despite progress made, ODA remained critical to reducing inequality and structural gaps.  Calling on developed countries to fulfil their commitment to allocate 0.7 per cent of their gross national income to ODA, he called on the United Nations development system and international financial institutions to address the specific needs and challenges of countries in the region.  He also called for greater resources and improvement of loan conditions. JO ADAMSON, European Union, said the move from billions to trillions would require full participation, stressing that the bloc was committed to the 2030 Agenda and the Addis Ababa Action Agenda.  Preliminary data by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) showed that ODA in Europe had increased by 11 per cent in 2016 to €75.5 billion, or 0.51 per cent of gross national income (GNI), up from 0.47 in 2015.  Only 25 per cent of that growth was due to in-country support for refugees.  ODA was vital to help least developed countries close financing gaps in health and education, and to catalyse other sources of finance.  Noting that more than one fifth of efforts went to least developed countries, he said the European Union was the world’s leading provider of ODA.  Noting that climate finance accelerated sustainable development, he called the first report of the Interagency Task Force on Financing for Development encouraging, as it struck a balanced tone, was factual and well-evidenced, and it drew on several examples.  The report should be a solid basis for discussing progress and gaps in issues covered in the Addis Ababa Action Agenda and the Economic and Social Council’s Forum on Financing for Development later in the month. LOIS MICHELE YOUNG (Belize), speaking on behalf of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), noted that some large international banks had been terminating or limiting their correspondent banking relationships with smaller Caribbean banks, with negative implications for the region.  Such “derisking” cut Caribbean businesses off from international trade and financing, prevented families from receiving remittances from relatives abroad and discouraged foreign investment, she said.  Through the Caribbean Development Bank, CARICOM was working to strengthen financial transparency and attempting to prevent the loss of correspondent banking relationships.  However, she said, those efforts would only bear fruit if banking partners collaborated in safeguarding such relationships. Ms. ZAHIR (Maldives), speaking on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island Developing States and associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said small island States required capacity-building and the transfer of environmentally-sound technology in order to realize the Sustainable Development Goals.  They faced specific challenges when accessing concessional finance from international financial institutions, she said, stressing that their structural vulnerabilities were often ignored as a result of discrepancies in their categorization within both the United Nations system and international financial institutions.  Urging those institutions to reconsider concessional financing for small island developing States – notwithstanding their income status — she noted with concern the declining trend in ODA for those countries, emphasizing that international public finance commitments must be met. MASUD BIN MOMEN (Bangladesh), speaking on behalf of the Group of Least Developed Countries and associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, warned that least developed countries would not be able to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals if today’s global growth trajectory continued.  States must urgently implement the Addis Ababa Action Agenda on Financing for Development and scale up both public and private sector investment.  Noting that blended finance instruments could prove helpful in that respect, he said efforts must be made to improve financial inclusion and protect developing countries in global markets.  “We must make serious efforts to resist inward-looking and protectionism measures,” he stressed, calling on the United Nations to address the obstacles to development financing. MARC BICHLER (Luxembourg) said ODA represented more than 1 per cent of the country’s GNI.  While affirming the importance of ODA, he said new alliances must be created with private sector actors to provide the financial means to achieve development ambitions.  Financing was needed to combat poverty and climate, and only a multi-disciplinary coalition would advance efficiency in that regard.  All societal actors must be involved, whether in creating policies for Governments, missions for non-governmental organizations or business plans for the private sector.  It was essential to understand and explain to private sector partners that sustainable development provided economic opportunities with quantifiable social and environmental impacts.  Strategies for financing the Goals must align subsidies, ODA, philanthropic donations and long-term loans.  Luxembourg had formed partnerships to launch the first fully financed green stock market and put in place a certification system for preventing “greenwashing” of private climate investments. ANA SILVIA RODRÍGUEZ ABASCAL (Cuba), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, CELAC, and the Group of Small Island Developing States, called for firm commitments and greater political resolve, noting that technology transfer and capacity-building were essential to achieve sustainable development and that public international flows remained inadequate.  Many donors had not met their ODA commitments.  While commending gains made in several sectors, she said more must be done to effectively utilize funding. MAHMADAMIN MAHMADAMINOV (Tajikistan), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said declining capital, volatile economies and climate change were obstacles to development and that mobilizing public and private resources was crucial.  Tajikistan’s social and economic reforms continued to strengthen its export potential and promote human development, he said, stressing the need for enhanced partnerships.  Meeting aid commitments was especially important to help countries in special situations use domestic resources, strengthen taxation capacities and catalyse public investment. RAFAEL DARÍO RAMÍREZ CARREÑO (Venezuela), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said resources from the developing world were being drained for the benefit of developed countries.  Developed countries had a responsibility to open their markets to the commodities of developing nations, he said, also calling for increased ODA.  Stressing that the sovereign management of domestic resources was vital for meeting education and health-care targets, he said Venezuela was ready to share its experience in that regard, as international financial institutions had only worsened the situation in developing countries, and people should have the right to decide their political, economic and social future. ISBETH LISBETH QUIEL MURCIA (Panama), associating herself with the Group of 77 and CELAC, stressed the need for mechanisms to mobilize funding for sustainable development.  For middle-income countries, it was important to ensure a balance between international expectations and the challenges faced on the ground.  Countries could not turn a blind eye to corruption, tax evasion and the illegal movement of money, which were part of a greater global problem.  Panama had recommitted to comply with the highest standards for international transparency, including on tax evasion. AMRITH ROHAN PERERA (Sri Lanka) said financing for development was a major problem for countries, including his own.  In Sri Lanka, public, private and innovative financing options were being mobilized to achieve development objectives.  The country had taken a holistic approach that took into account the environment, technology and innovation, entrepreneurship and access to financing, as well as other areas.  The creation of a carbon fund had allowed companies to achieve carbon neutrality. FADUA ORTEZ (Honduras), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said the 2030 Agenda would require a massive mobilization of funding, although it was important to remember that the goals and objectives of that Agenda were not separate from national efforts.  Innovative funding must be significantly increased, but it must not replace ODA or traditional financing mechanisms, she said, also advocating recognition of the diversity and unique development challenges of middle-income countries. YASUHISA KAWAMURA (Japan) said nearly two years after the adoption of the 2030 Agenda questions persisted on how to tap the vast private sector resources.  That sector was eager to invest in mutually beneficial arrangements.  He urged Member States to consider how they could foster the creation of structures and models that generated profit, attracted investment and helped achieve the Goals.  While it was a rather “unorthodox perspective”, the creation of sustainable business models alongside both traditional and innovative means of financing would help countries meet the Goals. MAHMOUD SAIKAL (Afghanistan), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, and the Least Developed Countries Group, said domestic resource mobilization was vital to national development.  As part of its fiscal strategy, the Government was committed to collecting enough revenue to meet its needs, and over time, gradually reducing its dependence on assistance.  To that end, it was planning to increase its development budget spending by 10 to 15 per cent each year as it expanded service delivery.  However, Afghanistan faced major challenges due to 30 years of conflict and its landlocked status, and he underscored the need for large investments in human capital and technology transfer. JAIME ANDRÉS GNECCO DAZA (Colombia), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China and CELAC, said Governments must prioritize partnerships to realize the 2030 Agenda.  Resources beyond traditional financing were needed.  It was important for middle-income countries to address their particular challenges, and as such, more coordination was needed to ensure that that class of countries did not “fall back”.  There was a need to transfer technology and “marry the gap” between the developed and developing countries, he said, also pressing international financial institutions to consider the unique challenges faced by middle-income countries. PHILIP FOX-DRUMMOND GOUGH (Brazil) associating himself with the Group of 77, CELAC and “BRICS”, said his country was moving forward with comprehensive internal reforms aimed at restructuring the fiscal sector and setting the enabling environment for public and private investments.  Those reforms would build the stability and predictability needed for long-term decisions and commitments from all investors.  They would also ensure that the necessary means were available to finance social needs and foster inclusive development.  Brazil was committed to pursuing its South-South cooperation policies, including by providing experience and support to the peoples of the global South. CHO YEONGMOO (Republic of Korea) noted that his country assisted developing countries in modernizing their tax administration systems and building capacity.  A significant contributor of ODA, the Republic of Korea was steadily increasing its support for fragile and conflict-affected States.  It attached great importance to transparent sustainable development budgeting and had established innovative mechanisms for public engagement on wasteful spending and budget misappropriations.  As the host country of the Green Climate Fund Secretariat and the Global Green Growth Institute, the Republic of Korea would develop and share business models for new energy industries with developing countries, he said. KOKI MULI GRIGNON (Kenya) associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, said her country had put in place various tax reforms, including a tax modernization programme, which had resulted in an increased tax base.  The tax administration was highly efficient and run at below its targeted cost.  Noting that a strong revenue base would require investment, particularly from the private sector, she recalled that in 2016, Kenya had been ranked third of the world’s top ten reformers, and in an effort to promote faster business growth, had established a one-stop centre for investors.  An asset-recovery unit also had been set up within the national treasury, with the monies recovered having been directed towards health, clean energy and environmental projects. OMAR HILALE (Morocco), noting that priority projects and financing at the national level would have the greatest impact on sustainable development, underscored the importance of assisting developing countries to ensure they had the resources to reach their development goals.  Education was full of opportunities that should be exploited as they ensured training for young people and promoted their entrepreneurial spirit.  It was essential to mobilize more financial resources to combat climate change, aimed specifically at reducing greenhouse gases.  ODA must be improved and donor pledges honoured, he said, underscoring Morocco’s was committed to South-South Cooperation. GHANIM AL-HUDAIFI AL-KUWARI (Qatar), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said “it goes without saying” that achieving the Sustainable Development Goals required significant financial mobilization, while implementation of the 2030 Agenda required the concerted management of funds and respect for national priorities.  International cooperation was vital, he said, adding that sustainable development was a common responsibility.  “We must all work together,” he continued, while pledging his country’s assistance in development projects.  JOSÉ LUIS FIALHO ROCHA (Cabo Verde) called for the integration of all development agendas, namely those on climate change, disaster risk reduction and urban development.  Sustainable development plans must consider the needs of small island developing States by meeting their specificities and increasing spending, which had recently declined.  “Moving from words to action requires that we focus,” he stressed, calling for national development strategies that prioritized goals and an international financial assessment mechanism that could support coordination.  Indeed, economic growth must be complemented by a social compact. AYE MYA MYA KHAING (Myanmar), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, and the least developed countries, urged significant cooperation at the local, regional, and international levels.   Myanmar’s projects were based on the Goals and focused on close work with United Nations agencies.  Echoing concerns over the growing imbalance between core and non-core resources, and declining foreign direct investment, she drew attention to the need for technology transfer and private sector participation.  While underscoring the role of international development aid, she said national ownership was critical in order to advance development. SYLVIA PAOLA MENDOZA ELGUEA (Mexico), associating herself with CELAC, recognized the importance of the private sector in creating innovative and inclusive models.  In Mexico, the private sector was encouraged to provide employment to women and young people.  Indeed, there could be no peace without development, and no development without peace, and she called on the global community to come together to mobilize resources. Ms. NURAN (Indonesia) stressed that national circumstances differed, even if countries faced the same basic challenges.  The financing available would not have much value if different national realities, capacities and development levels were not considered.  The sharing of experiences and information could help identify strategies best-suited to specific country contexts.  She urged that more studies be conducted to understand how markets in least developed countries could better attract foreign investors, stressing that the funding gap could only be met by significantly increasing private sector participation.  The mobilization of domestic public resources was also critical to achieving sustainable development. Mr. SHAHABUDIN (Malaysia) said that as his country moved towards a high-value, knowledge-based economy with a strong focus on services and manufacturing, innovation would be crucial for raising the efficiency, and thus, productivity.  Malaysia was working to balance a growing population and demand, with the imperative need for green growth strategies, given the increasing intensity and frequency of extreme weather events.  Middle-income countries still faced significant challenges to achieving sustainable development, he stressed. LOK BAHADUR POUDEL CHHETRI (Nepal) associating himself with the Group of 77 and the least developed countries, expressed concern over the slow identification of what worked at the global, national and local levels in terms of leveraging resources.  There was an urgent need to use available tools, he said, stressing that partnerships and technology transfer, in addition to traditional financing mechanisms, must be used to support implementation of the 2030 Agenda.  Resource gaps were even greater for countries in special situations, including Nepal. Mr. TILMAN (Timor-Leste), associating himself with the Group of 77, the Alliance of Small Island States and the least developed countries, said funding from all sources must be maximized in order to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals.  Timor-Leste was honoured to be part of a new type of cooperation called “fragile-to-fragile cooperation”, which allowed countries to share ideas and solutions aimed at addressing the unique needs of countries in fragile situations. MARIA ANGELA PONCE (Philippines), associating herself with the Group of 77 and China, said South-South cooperation was critical to mobilize resources for the sustainable development of developing countries.  Underscoring the need for accountability and transparency, she said ODA to her country had been on the decline since 2001, a trend in countries approaching or having approached middle-income status.  The Government, therefore, was working to maximize tax revenue while encouraging private sector investment in projects to bridge funding gaps. SONGELAEL W. SHILLA (United Republic of Tanzania), associating himself with the Group of 77 and China, said his country was creating a favourable investment climate to attract more business to the extractive, agriculture and telecommunications industries, which were key drivers of development.  While underscoring the importance of domestic resource mobilization, national ownership and good governance, he said domestic resources alone were insufficient for achieving the 2030 Agenda and he emphasized the critical role of international funds in that regard.  International trade, debt and other systemic issues also required international and “undivided attention”. RUSLAN BULTRIKOV (Kazakhstan) said his country’s commitment to sustainable development was evident in its national agendas and plans.  The Government had introduced a plan to reduce carbon emissions and was working to implement a trade-related project to reduce greenhouse gasses.  Such initiatives were in line with the Paris Agreement on Climate Change.  Kazakhstan had also allocated one per cent of its defence spending to finance development goals, in hopes that such a “complementary channel of financing” would help meet targets. Taking the floor a second time, the representative of Venezuela said he rejected the lies and manipulations directed toward his country by his counterpart from Morocco, stressing that the meeting had been used to air issues that were not on the agenda. Also taking the floor a second time, the representative of Morocco responded that while Venezuela was quite rich, the regime there had chosen not to use national resources appropriately to benefit the people. Ms. KYTE, in closing remarks, said that what had become clear during today’s event was that the speed and scale of financing required for the 2030 Agenda was of critical importance. The moderators of afternoon workshops then took the floor to describe the outcomes of their respective discussions.  John McArthur, Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution, noted that participants in a workshop on “Building an inclusive and peaceful future where no one is left behind” had stressed the need for the United Nations to bring the most relevant stakeholders together to solve the financing for development challenge.  Others had urged the United Nations to more explicitly encourage each country’s national coordinating body to take a more active role. Irving Mintzer, Visiting Research Scholar at the School of Advanced International Studies, Johns Hopkins University, said participants in a workshop titled “Fostering economic growth and development, and tackling inequality” had questioned what the United Nations could do to more efficiently galvanize financing for development.  The world must shift from an incremental mode to a transformation approach to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. Simon Zadek, co-Director, United Nations Environment Inquiry, who moderated a workshop on “Protecting our world in the present and the future”, said that while there had been an emphasis on the risk and de-risking of investments, many participants had also highlighted the need for policy-influenced investment vehicles. Mr. THOMSON, in closing remarks, said he had been encouraged by the frank and practical nature of today’s dialogue.  Discussions had emphasized the need to increase the speed and scale of action, with speakers recognizing the magnitude of challenges ahead, the volume of resources needed and the importance of partnerships.  Many had reaffirmed the need for predictable ODA to catalyse change, including domestic resource mobilization. Further, he said, the discussions had encouraged the World Bank and other multilateral development banks to leverage investments to develop financial systems.  Business leaders had confirmed that — with the right policy mix — asset holders could be incentivized to divest from underperforming investments and instead direct funds towards sustainable projects.  The role of the United Nations in fostering dialogue between the public and private sectors had received wide support, as had further exploration of the potential “sweet spot” the Organization could occupy between Member States and global financial institutions.  He pledged to convey those messages to finance ministers gathering at the World Bank Spring meetings in Washington, D.C., later this week. Environmental issues and sustainable development For information media. Not an official record. Search Search for documents and statements Search Advanced Search Daily Noon Briefing 19 April 2017 United Nations investigators in the Democratic Republic of the Congo confirmed the existence of at least 17 further mass graves in Kasai-Central Province, where soldiers have clashed with the local Kamuina Nsapu militia, which brings to 40 the number of graves documented by the United Nations since August 2016. Latest Noon Briefings Highlights 61st Session of the Commission on the Status of Women New York, 13-24 Mar 2017 Round-up of the Security Council's activities New York, Jan-Dec 2016 Main part of the 71st session of the General Assembly New York, Sep-Dec 2016 Resources Journal Conferences & Events Media Alert Meetings Coverage & Press Releases United Nations © 2014, New York, NY 10017 About us News & Media Resources News Centre Webcast Photo Multimedia Radio Media Accreditation Television UNIFEED Spokesperson for the Secretary-General Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS YouTube Copyright Terms of Use Privacy Notice Site Index Fraud Alert Help
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, April 20, 2017 2:55 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money JPMorgan to sell US$6.9b of student loans to Navient Wednesday April 19, 2017 07:59 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Record £3.6b revenue not enough to put Premier League in the black Pence to tour Indonesia’s largest mosque in outreach to Muslims The Edit: BMW 7 Series plug-in hybrid The Edit: Ikea mulls standalone eateries Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company JPMorgan Chase (JPM) is seen in Los Angeles, California. ― Reuters picNEW YORK, April 19 — JPMorgan Chase & Co. agreed to sell a US$6.9 billion (RM30.43 billion) portfolio of student loans to Navient Corp, five days after the bank told shareholders it was looking to unload the holdings. JPMorgan, which announced in 2013 that it would no longer make student loans, said April 13 that it booked a writedown on those debts as it explores options for their disposal. The sale includes about US$3.7 billion in federally guaranteed student loans, less than half of which are securitized, and about US$3.2 billion in whole private education loans, Navient said yesterday in a statement, which didn’t specify terms.  Navient, the largest servicer of student loans in the US, expects to complete the acquisition in stages this quarter and eventually move the loans to its servicing platforms. The deal will probably be accretive to earnings this year, the Wilmington, Delaware-based company said. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Dow falls due to weakness in IBM, oil shares Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years Maybank Investment Bank revises upward net profit forecasts on CIMB Group Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years, but below forecast Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Tennis star Serena Williams is pregnant, report says Reuters Video: Surfer scientist examines impact of ocean bacteria on humans Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roche Holding Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Potash Co. of Saskatchewan Inc (POT) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Quebecor, Inc. (QBR.B) Earns Action List Buy Rating from TD Securities Analysts Anticipate CU Bancorp (CUNB) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $28.83 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc (NGVC) Will Post Earnings of $0.17 Per Share TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald $34.16 Billion in Sales Expected for Chevron Co. (CVX) This Quarter Brokerages Expect Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) to Announce -$0.09 EPS $1.31 Earnings Per Share Expected for Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) This Quarter $206.73 Million in Sales Expected for SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) This Quarter Vertex Energy Inc (VTNR) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Vertex Energy Inc (VTNR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $29.3 Million Analysts Anticipate Synacor Inc (SYNC) to Post -$0.12 EPS Vetr Inc. Lowers Morgan Stanley (MS) to Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Upgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Brokerages Expect Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) to Post $0.05 Earnings Per Share Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.01 Per Share Brokerages Expect Independent Bank Group Inc (IBTX) Will Post Earnings of $0.81 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Ryder System, Inc. (R) Will Announce Earnings of $0.84 Per Share Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Roche Holding Ltd. (VTX:ROG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Tuesday. Separately, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Roche Holding in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Roche Holding (VTX:ROG) opened at 254.50 on Tuesday. Roche Holding has a 52 week low of CHK 218.30 and a 52 week high of CHK 265.20. The firm has a market cap of CHK 216.82 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.98. The company has a 50-day moving average of CHK 255.98 and a 200-day moving average of CHK 239.28. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/roche-holding-ltd-rog-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-2.html. Roche Holding Company Profile Roche Holding AG (Roche) is a research-based healthcare company. The Company’s operating businesses are organized into two divisions: Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics. The Pharmaceuticals Division consists of two business segments: Roche Pharmaceuticals and Chugai. The Diagnostics Division consists of four business areas: Diabetes Care, Molecular Diagnostics, Professional Diagnostics and Tissue Diagnostics. Receive News & Ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Andy Jacobsohn/Staff Photographer D-FW leads country in suburban office leasing Filed under Real Estate at 11 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now With companies like State Farm Insurance, Toyota and JPMorgan Chase bringing thousands of new jobs, it shouldn't be a surprise that Dallas' suburban office markets are seeing huge growth. The D-FW area had the largest volume of suburban office leasing in the country at the start of 2017, according to a new report by commercial property firm CBRE. The D-FW area accounted for 13 percent of net office leasing nationwide. Los Angeles and Phoenix were second with about 8 percent of leasing. "What the primary Dallas suburban submarkets have experienced over the last three to five years is unprecedented in the history of the D-FW office market," CBRE's Baron Aldrine said in the new report. "The increasing demand, activity, absorption rates, huge corporate relocations and rental rates in the D-FW suburban office market have not come close to these levels in years." With almost 10 million square feet of office space being built in the Dallas area, the great majority of the construction is in the northern suburbs. D-FW has more than 10 percent of nationwide suburban office development — second only to San Jose. "The drivers in the D-FW suburban office market are not any different than they were 20 years ago," Aldrine said. "One of the biggest differences we are seeing now is the key corporate relocations or large regional offices moving to the suburbs which is creating a lot of momentum in the market. "Another key differentiator in this cycle is the top notch, live-work-play office developments like Cypress Waters and Legacy West that are attracting these companies to the area." Out of the almost 60 U.S. metro markets CBRE tracks, 50 of them had positive net office leasing in 2016. Nationwide, suburban office vacancy at the end of last year was 14.1 percent — down from 18.6 percent in 2010. View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia Source : Last Updated: Thu, Apr 20, 2017 04:43 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focussed more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank , are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. [nL5N18M1X1] BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28290.00 (-0.25%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28980.00 (0.38%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28990.00 (0.42%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.42%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Smith & Nephew plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tesla Inc (TSLA) Shares Sold by Beech Hill Advisors Inc. Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI) Shares Bought by Bollard Group LLC Bollard Group LLC Continues to Hold Position in Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) Bollard Group LLC Has $4.551 Million Stake in Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Bollard Group LLC Has $3,830,000 Position in AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Bollard Group LLC Purchases 41,433 Shares of Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) BCE Inc. (BCE) Shares Bought by Bollard Group LLC Bollard Group LLC Has $11.998 Million Position in Southern Copper Corp (SCCO) Bollard Group LLC Boosts Stake in Gartner Inc (IT) Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Selling: FibroGen Inc (FGEN) Director Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Atara Biotherapeutics Inc (ATRA) EVP Sells $103,680.00 in Stock GrubHub Inc (GRUB) CFO Adam Dewitt Sells 2,000 Shares Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Insider Sells $84,300.00 in Stock Alan M. Silberstein Sells 600 Shares of Global Payments Inc (GPN) Stock Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Insider Cdm Hostess Class C, Llc Sells 600,000 Shares Paycom Software Inc (PAYC) Insider Sells $2,320,400.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Independence Contract Drilling Inc (ICD) Price Target at $7.33 Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Cidara Therapeutics (CDTX) Hostess Brands Inc (GRSHU) Stake Owned by Apollo Management Holdings Gp, LLC Bollard Group LLC Continues to Hold Position in Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bollard Group LLC held its stake in Smith & Nephew plc (NYSE:SNN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 60,025 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Bollard Group LLC’s holdings in Smith & Nephew plc were worth $1,857,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in SNN. Highbridge Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Smith & Nephew plc by 213.2% in the third quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 882,912 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $28,942,000 after buying an additional 600,988 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP increased its stake in Smith & Nephew plc by 388.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 557,696 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $16,775,000 after buying an additional 443,407 shares in the last quarter. Blue Jay Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in Smith & Nephew plc during the third quarter valued at $10,654,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Smith & Nephew plc by 98.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 268,937 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $8,815,000 after buying an additional 133,578 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. bought a new stake in Smith & Nephew plc during the fourth quarter valued at $1,660,000. 6.14% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Smith & Nephew plc (NYSE:SNN) traded down 0.59% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $31.79. 356,053 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $13.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.10 and a beta of 0.80. The company’s 50-day moving average is $31.11 and its 200 day moving average is $30.15. Smith & Nephew plc has a 52-week low of $26.97 and a 52-week high of $35.38. The firm also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 10th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.37 dividend. This represents a yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/bollard-group-llc-continues-to-hold-position-in-smith-nephew-plc-snn.html. Several analysts have weighed in on SNN shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Smith & Nephew plc from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Smith & Nephew plc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. HSBC Holdings plc initiated coverage on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Finally, Berenberg Bank restated a “hold” rating on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $37.00. Smith & Nephew plc Company Profile Smith & Nephew plc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling medical devices and services. Its products and services include Sports Medicine Joint Repair, Arthroscopic Enabling Technologies (AET), Trauma & Extremities, Other Surgical Businesses, Knee Implants, Hip Implants, Advanced Wound Care, Advanced Wound Bioactives and Advanced Wound Devices. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Smith & Nephew plc (NYSE:SNN). Receive News & Ratings for Smith & Nephew plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Banks Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital European banks need more than simple business restructuring, IMF warns Silvia Amaro | @Silvia_Amaro 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Ben Stansall | AFP | Getty Images The financial offices of banks, including JPMorgan Chase, Citi, HSBC, and other institutions in the financial district of Canary Wharf, are pictured from Greenwich Park in London on January 17, 2017. The International Monetary Fund warned Wednesday that European banks cannot solely rely on a cyclical recovery to shrug off their problems. A combination of weak profits, lack of access to private capital and large debt burdens could spark further concerns over the stability of the financial industry, the Fund said in its latest Global Financial Stability report. "A cyclical recovery will likely be insufficient on its own to restore the profitability of persistently weak banks," the Fund said. Domestic banks are under particular stress given that nearly 75 percent of them had weak returns in 2016. According to the IMF, one of the main problems in Europe is overbanking - which means that there are too many banks for the number of customer available. "These features can result in limited lending opportunities or a high number of branches relative to the assets in the banking system, adding to costs and reducing operational efficiencies. Although measures are being taken to address profitability concerns, more progress needs to be made in reducing overbanking in the countries with the biggest challenges," the Fund said. The Washington-based institution noted that in Denmark, the Netherlands and Spain, institutions reduced their branches significantly. Such steps could represent savings of about $23 billion overall, the Fund estimated. Another key problem among European banks is the high level of non-performing loans. In his field, the IMF said that Portugal and Italy have done very little to address this issue. "The lack of progress on resolving nonperforming loans also reflects weak earnings and insufficient generation of capital and provisioning buffers," the IMF noted. As the U.K. prepares to leave the European Union, there could be risks to European banks although by spreading financial institutions over a wider geographic area could help with stability. "The challenges stemming from Brexit could undermine financial stability in ways that are difficult to estimate or predict at this juncture. However, it is also important to note that financial stability benefits could arise from a less concentrated banking system throughout Europe," the Fund noted. With U.K-based banks planning to move some operations to European soil, the IMF pointed out that this will raise uncertainty over their internal risk models. "Because uncertainty and operating costs will likely increase during the transition period, many banks may opt to exit or scale back the primary dealer business, leading to costlier and less efficient markets until new players enter," the IMF said. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Silvia AmaroDigital Reporter, CNBC.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman American Homes 4 Rent Announces Pricing of Public Offering of 5.875% Series F Preferred Shares AGOURA HILLS, Calif., April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — American Homes 4 Rent (NYSE: AMH) (the „Company”) today announced that it has priced its previously announced underwritten public offering of 6,000,000 of its 5.875% Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares (the „Series F Preferred Shares”) raising gross proceeds of approximately $150 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The Series F Preferred Shares have an initial liquidation preference of $25 per share. The offering is expected to close on April 24, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company also has granted to the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 900,000 Series F Preferred Shares at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount. The Company intends to apply to list the Series F Preferred Shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol „AMHPRF.” If the application is approved, the Company expects trading to commence 30 days after initial delivery of the Series F Preferred Shares. The Company will contribute the net proceeds from the offering to its operating partnership in exchange for Series F operating partnership units. The operating partnership intends to use the net proceeds from the contribution to repay indebtedness under its revolving credit facility and term loan facility. Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering, and Goldman, Sachs & Co., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and U.S. Bancorp Investment, Inc. are acting as co-managers for the offering. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification thereof under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”) and only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement.  Copies of the final prospectus and final prospectus supplement relating to the offering may be obtained, when available, by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or from Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Attention: Equity Syndicate, 880 Carillon Parkway, St. Petersburg, Florida 33716, or via telephone: (800) 248-8863 or via email: prospectus@raymondjames.com; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, or via telephone (800) 294-1322 or via email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, or via telephone (866) 718-1649; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 608 2nd Avenue South, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55402, Attention: WFS Customer Service, or via telephone: (800) 645-3751 or via email: wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com. About American Homes 4 Rent American Homes 4 Rent (NYSE: AMH) is a leader in the single-family home rental industry and „American Homes 4 Rent” is fast becoming a nationally recognized brand for rental homes, known for high quality, good value and tenant satisfaction. We are an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust, or REIT, focused on acquiring, renovating, leasing, and operating attractive, single-family homes as rental properties. As of December 31, 2016, we owned approximately 48,422 single-family properties, in selected submarkets in 22 states. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements relate to beliefs, expectations or intentions and similar statements concerning matters that are not of historical fact and are generally accompanied by words such as „estimate,” „project,” „predict,” „believe,” „expect,” „intend,” „anticipate,” „potential,” „plan,” „goal” or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, the Company’s ability to complete the offering and the intended use of net proceeds. The Company has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations and assumptions about future events. While the Company’s management considers these expectations to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company’s control. These and other important factors, including „Risk Factors” disclosed in, or incorporated by reference into, the prospectus from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in the Company’s subsequent filings with the SEC, may cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from anticipated results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Contact:  American Homes 4 Rent  Investor Relations  Phone: (855) 794-2447  Email: investors@ah4r.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/american-homes-4-rent-announces-pricing-of-public-offering-of-5875-series-f-preferred-shares-300442345.html SOURCE American Homes 4 Rent CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NASA Eyes Fusion Reactor Engines, Extraterrestrial Drilling, Other Far-Out Technologies with Latest Investment Selections Next PostNext INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Graña y Montero S.A.A. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Search Recent Posts Global EGFR Mutation Test Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2024 Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. (SBSAA: OTCQX U.S.) | Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. Reports Results for the Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Cloud ERP Market: Insights, Business Opportunities and Competitor Analysis 2017-2025 First Federal of Northern Michigan Bancorp, Inc. (FFNM: OTCQX U.S. Premier) | First Federal of Northern Michigan Bancorp, Inc. Announces Increase to Quarterly Cash Dividend Cell-Based Label Free Monitoring Market Estimated to Flourish by 2017-2025: Persistence Market Research Proudly powered by WordPress
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk General Counsel Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Wealth Management TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Finance April 19, 2017 6:08 p.m. Updated 04/19/2017 JPMorgan to triple size of New York technology hub Lender is stepping up as competition for coders in the financial industry mounts Bloomberg News Comments Email Print × Photo: Bloomberg News To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Daily Alert Sign up for our FREE daily email newsletter. A summary of the day's top business and political headlines from the newsroom of Crain's New York Business. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest For neighborhoods overburdened by trash, no... The fate of Fearless Girl Apple filed plan to dismantle Fifth Avenue... JPMorgan to triple size of New York... Jeter and Jeb team up to bid for the Marlins Most Popular For-profit meditation centers are the new... Is this the store of the future? Second Avenue subway rent boost proves... Schumer blasts Bannon, says fake news could... City proposal would force Uber to add... Related News BlackRock pays Fink $25.5 million as assets top $5 trillion Wall Street banks thrive, lending stalls as Trump era begins Wells Fargo is the perfect example for the need to break up big banks Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lennar Prices $650 Million Of Senior Notes Due 2024 At 4.50% MIAMI, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Lennar Corporation (NYSE: LEN and LEN.B) announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of $650 million of 4.50% Senior Notes due 2024 (the „Notes”). The sale of the Notes is expected to close on April 28, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company plans to use the proceeds from the offering, which are estimated to be approximately $645.8 million, after underwriting fees but before expenses, for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of debt, which may include the repayment, redemption or repurchase of the Company’s 12.25% senior notes due June 2017 and/or the Company’s 6.875% senior notes due 2021, which are callable at 103.4% of their principal amount in August 2017. The Company expects to realize annualized interest savings of approximately $37 million if the net proceeds of $645.8 million from the offering, together with cash on hand, are used to repay $400 million in principal amount of its 12.25% senior notes in June 2017 and to redeem $250 million in principal amount of its 6.875% senior notes in August 2017. The Notes will have an interest rate of 4.50% per annum and will pay interest semi-annually on April 30 and October 30, commencing October 30, 2017. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Goldman, Sachs & Co., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as Joint Book-Running Managers in the offering. Fifth Third Securities, Inc. is acting as Co-Manager in the offering. The Company has an effective registration statement, including a prospectus and a preliminary prospectus supplement for the offering, on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”). Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement, including the preliminary prospectus supplement for the offering, and other documents that the Company has filed and will file with the SEC for more complete information about the Company and the offering. You may obtain a copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the final prospectus supplement, when available, without charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of any of those documents may be obtained from Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attn.: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005-2836, Email: prospectus.CPDG@db.com, Tel: (800) 503-4611. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. About Lennar Lennar Corporation, founded in 1954, is one of the nation’s largest builders of quality homes for all generations. The Company builds affordable, move-up and retirement homes primarily under the Lennar brand name. Lennar’s Financial Services segment provides mortgage financing, title insurance and closing services for both buyers of the Company’s homes and others. Lennar’s Rialto segment is a vertically integrated asset management platform focused on investing throughout the commercial real estate capital structure. Lennar’s Multifamily segment is a nationwide developer of high-quality multifamily rental properties. Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Some of the statements in this press release, and in the prospectus and the prospectus supplement referred to in it, are „forward-looking statements,” as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the expected closing of the offering of the Notes, the intended use of proceeds and the interest savings from the intended use of proceeds. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Accordingly, these forward-looking statements should be evaluated with consideration given to the many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the risk that the offering of the Notes cannot be successfully completed, the risk that we will not use the proceeds in the manner anticipated and including those risks detailed in the Company’s filings with the SEC, including the „Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2016, and the prospectus and prospectus supplement delivered in connection with the offering. It is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors or to assess the impact of such risks on our business. Accordingly, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lennar-prices-650-million-of-senior-notes-due-2024-at-450-300442297.html SOURCE Lennar Corporation Related Links http://www.lennar.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Albemarle Corporation to present at Goldman Sachs Basic Materials Conference Next PostNext INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Into Possible Breaches of Fiduciary Duty by Certain Officers and Directors of Newfield Exploration Company — NFX Search Recent Posts Coconut Powder Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Diabetic Foot Ulcers and Pressure Ulcers Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Organic Coconut Sugar Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Pine Nut Oil Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Rapeseed Oil Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Lowe's Prices $3.0 Billion Notes Offering News provided by Lowe's Companies, Inc. Apr 19, 2017, 16:35 ET Share this article MOORESVILLE, N.C., April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lowe's Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) announced today it has agreed to sell $1.50 billion of 3.100% Notes due 2027 and $1.50 billion of 4.050% Notes due 2047 (collectively, the "Notes"). Estimated net proceeds from this offering will be approximately $2.96 billion, after deducting offering expenses and underwriters' discounts. Lowe's plans to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes (i) to fund its purchase for cash of up to $1.6 billion combined aggregate principal amount of certain outstanding notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase in the tender offer it commenced today, (ii) for the repayment of $250 million aggregate principal amount at maturity of its 6.100% Notes due September 15, 2017 and (iii) for other general corporate purposes. Closing is expected to occur on May 3, 2017, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. are acting as joint book-running managers for the notes offering. This offering was made under an effective registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy or an offer to purchase any securities. Any offers to sell, or solicitations to buy, will be made solely by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. A copy of the prospectus and related prospectus supplement for this offering may be obtained from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, 200 North College Street, NC1-004-03-43, Charlotte, NC  28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, Telephone: 1-800-294-1322, Email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 3rd Floor, Telephone: 1-212-834-4533; or SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., 303 Peachtree Street, Atlanta, GA 30308, Attention: Prospectus Dept., Telephone: 1-800-685-4786, Facsimile: 404-926-5027, Email: STRHdocs@SunTrust.com.  The tender offer is being made only pursuant to an Offer to Purchase dated April 19, 2017 and a related Letter of Transmittal, which set forth the terms and conditions of the tender offer, and only in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Included herein are forward-looking statements, including statements with respect to an anticipated financing. There are many factors that affect management's views about future events and trends of the business and operations of the company, all as more thoroughly described in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking information included in this release or any of its public filings. About Lowe's Lowe's Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving more than 17 million customers a week in the United States, Canada and Mexico. With fiscal year 2016 sales of $65.0 billion, Lowe's and its related businesses operate or service 2,365 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 290,000 people. Founded in 1946 and based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe's supports the communities it serves through programs that focus on K-12 public education and community improvement projects. For more information, visit www.Lowes.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lowes-prices-30-billion-notes-offering-300442216.html SOURCE Lowe's Companies, Inc. Related Links http://www.lowes.com Apr 19, 2017, 08:56 ET Preview: Lowe's Announces Cash Tender Offer For Up To $1.6 Billion Aggregate Principal Amount Of Certain Of Its Outstanding Debt Securities My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 19, 2017, 08:56 ETLowe's Announces Cash Tender Offer For Up To $1.6 Billion... Apr 13, 2017, 09:14 ETLowe's To Exclusively Offer A. O. Smith® Signature Series™ Water... Explore More news releases in similar topics Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Stock Offering You just read: Lowe's Prices $3.0 Billion Notes Offering News provided by Lowe's Companies, Inc. Apr 19, 2017, 16:35 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Chris Goodney/Bloomberg JPMorgan Said to Plan Tripling Size of New York Technology Hub by Hugh Son @Hugh_Son More stories by Hugh Son and David M Levitt @dmlevitt More stories by David M Levitt April 19, 2017, 3:39 PM EDT April 19, 2017, 4:15 PM EDT Bank said in talks to lease 300,000 additional square feet Firm’s tech hub located at 5 Manhattan West near Hudson Yards JPMorgan Chase & Co., the biggest U.S. lender, is planning to more than triple the size of its technology hub in New York City to increase space for the bank’s coders and data engineers, a person with knowledge of the matter said. The firm is in discussions with Brookfield Property Partners LP to lease an additional 300,000 square feet on the upper levels of 5 Manhattan West near Hudson Yards, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the plans aren’t public. The bank currently occupies about 125,000 square feet in the building. The talks are ongoing and could still fall apart, the person said. Banks are competing fiercely for technologists as the industry enters a new era of automation, fueled by cheap computing power and fears of losing customers to startups. JPMorgan has a $9.6 billion annual technology budget and has recently set up hubs across the U.S. for teams specializing in big data, robotics and cloud infrastructure to find new sources of revenue and reduce expenses and risks. See also: In JPMorgan fintech bunker, button-down coders build bank apps The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The firm’s West Side hub, which opened in late 2015, caters to millennials by mimicking startup culture, with foosball tables, a game room, industrial decor and fridges stocked with sodas and snacks. Last year, about 700 workers who were previously scattered across Manhattan and Jersey City worked at the office. The workspace is divided into five neighborhoods, named after areas of New York, housing designers working on the user interface, coders developing new features and data analytics experts who study customer use. Manhattan West is a 7 million square foot mixed-use project just west of Penn Station and the Farley Post Office Building. Brookfield announced in 2014 a $200 million redevelopment of the 1.7 million square-foot building that became known as 5 Manhattan West, including replacing its relatively narrow windows with floor-to-ceiling glass on every floor. Andrew Brent, a Brookfield spokesman, declined to comment. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Ivanka Fights to Protect Her First Name A Look at the Ugly Side of Getting Rich Markets Start to Ponder the $13 Trillion Gorilla in the Room Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone’s 10th Anniversary Larry Fink: ‘Warning Signs Are Getting Darker’ for the U.S. Economy Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MTS Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KeyCorp Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Key Energy Services, Inc. (KEGX) Now Covered by Analysts at Nomura MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Downgraded to “C” at TheStreet CUI Global Inc (CUI) Lowered to “D+” at TheStreet Osisko Mining Corp (OSK) Director André Gaumond Sells 25,000 Shares First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) Director Stephen Reid Purchases 30,000 Shares of Stock Q4 2017 Earnings Forecast for American Outdoor Brands Corp Issued By Forward View (AOBC) Avinger Inc (AVGR) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) This Quarter Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $23.741 Million Position in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Given a $38.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Given a $19.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts $0.62 EPS Expected for Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) This Quarter M&T Bank Co.’s (MTB) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Digital Realty Trust’s (DLR) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Kate Spade & Co (KATE) PT Set at $24.00 by Wunderlich Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Shares Sold by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Stake Decreased by Mascoma Wealth Management LLC Boston Scientific Co. (BSX) Stake Decreased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $38.149 Million Position in Anthem Inc (ANTM) MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Downgraded to “C” at TheStreet April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TheStreet lowered shares of MTS Systems Co. (NASDAQ:MTSC) from a b- rating to a c rating in a research report released on Monday morning. MTSC has been the subject of several other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $61.00 target price on shares of MTS Systems and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Sunday, December 18th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of MTS Systems from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $58.75. MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) traded up 0.77% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $45.80. The company had a trading volume of 45,796 shares. MTS Systems has a 12 month low of $41.53 and a 12 month high of $59.56. The stock has a market cap of $766.69 million, a PE ratio of 44.95 and a beta of 1.54. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $52.89 and its 200-day moving average price is $53.19. MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) last issued its earnings results on Monday, April 10th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.55 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.82 by $0.27. MTS Systems had a net margin of 5.37% and a return on equity of 12.45%. The firm earned $199.28 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $206.72 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.61 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 41.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that MTS Systems will post $2.24 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/mts-systems-co-mtsc-downgraded-to-c-at-thestreet.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 20th were given a dividend of $0.30 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 16th. This represents a $1.20 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.64%. MTS Systems’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 58.54%. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its stake in shares of MTS Systems by 2.2% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,640 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $168,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. Redmond Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of MTS Systems by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Redmond Asset Management LLC now owns 13,954 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $791,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. Arizona State Retirement System increased its stake in shares of MTS Systems by 1.2% in the third quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 8,653 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $398,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its stake in shares of MTS Systems by 1.5% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 6,800 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $374,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Finally, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in shares of MTS Systems by 8.6% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 2,032 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 161 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 99.96% of the company’s stock. MTS Systems Company Profile MTS Systems Corporation is a supplier of test systems and position sensors. The Company operates through two segments: Test and Sensors. The Test segment provides testing solutions, including hardware, software and services to ground vehicles, materials and structures markets. The Sensors segment provides position sensors for a range of industrial and mobile hydraulic applications. Receive News & Ratings for MTS Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest JPMorgan to sell $6.9 billion of student loans to Navient Traditional banks outshine Goldman in 1Q fixed-income trading How Wells Fargo could overcome a shareholder revolt Slideshow 'This is child's play': Comments of the week Big banks still looking for margin lift, and other 1Q takeaways search goes here JPMorgan to sell $6.9 billion of student loans to Navient Published April 19 2017, 11:51am EDT More in Student lending JPMorgan Chase Print Email Share Share on JPMorgan Chase agreed to sell a $6.9 billion portfolio of student loans to Navient Corp., five days after the bank told shareholders it was looking to unload the holdings. JPMorgan, which announced in 2013 that it would no longer make student loans, said April 13 that it booked a writedown on those debts as it explores options for their disposal. The sale includes about $3.7 billion in federally guaranteed student loans, less than half of which are securitized, and about $3.2 billion in whole private education loans, Navient said Tuesday in a statement. It didn't specify terms. Bloomberg News U.S. authorities have estimated that about one in four of the nation's roughly 44 million student debtors are either in default or struggling to stay current -- setting up a potential cascade of borrowers seeking forbearance or forgiveness on debt often backed by the government. Loan servicers such as Navient are the conduit between students and lenders, putting them into a position to help navigate aspects of repayment that can be confusing to borrowers. "We welcome our new customers, and we commit to delivering best-in-class support to ensure a seamless transition," Navient Chief Executive Officer Jack Remondi said in the statement. "We will provide ongoing assistance to help our new customers continue to successfully manage their education loans." Navient, the largest servicer of student loans in the U.S., expects to complete the acquisition in stages this quarter and eventually move the loans to its servicing platforms. The deal will probably be accretive to earnings this year, the Wilmington, Delaware-based company said. The company, formerly part of Sallie Mae, is locked in a legal battle with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau over allegations that the firm "systematically" cheated student debtors by taking shortcuts to minimize its own costs. Navient has disputed the regulator's lawsuit filed in a Pennsylvania federal court, and has argued that the agency itself is unconstitutional. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists   Business (View all) Banking Economics International London Insurance M&A The Capitalist Politics Scottish Development International Talk CFA Institute Talk IDA Ireland Talk Industries (View all) Law & professional services Property Retail and leisure Marketing and advertising Pharmaceuticals Telecoms Media Transport and infrastructure Industrials Markets (View all) Currencies Cryptocurrencies Commodities Equities Bonds IPOs and fundraising Investment Challenge Technology (View all) Science Gadget reviews Cyber security Fintech appScatter Talk Leadership (View all) Entrepreneurs Management Millennials Careers Women Life & Style (View all) Travel Watches Fashion Food Homes and interiors Cars Culture Money (View all) Investing Pensions Crowdfunding Alt-fi Personal banking and insurance ISAS Schroders Talk Sport (View all) Football Rugby Union Formula 1 Cricket The Punter Tennis Golf Sports money Lists (View all) Digital Innovators Rio 50 Power 100 Women Leap 100 Most viewed authors Caitlin Morrison (13,800 views) Emma Haslett (13,521 views) Lynsey Barber (11,255 views) City A.M. links Newsletters Latest paper Advertising Awards Wine Club Money Transfer Charity About Careers Tickets Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk Home Business Banking FTSE 250 19417.76 +0.62% FTSE 100 7114.36 -0.46% Bats UK 100 12076.58 -0.47% Home Business Banking Wednesday 19 April 2017 1:21pm Morgan Stanley beats expectations with first-quarter results as profits leap 71 per cent Share William Turvill I write about M&A, deals, IPOs, private equity, asset management, media and a few other areas for City A.M. I also write news features and am always interested in interviewing and profiling high-profile business figures. I previously worked for Press Gazette and Mail Online. Follow William Related City Talk CFA Institute Talk What’s wrong with MiFID II? Morgan Stanley joined JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America in surpassing expectations in the first quarter (Source: Getty) William Turvill Morgan Stanley today became the latest big US bank to beat analysts’ expectations with its first-quarter results, with profits climbing more than 70 per cent. The figures The Wall Street lender’s revenue for the period was $9.7bn, up 24 per cent on $7.8bn in the same period last year and well ahead of the $9.3bn anticipated by analysts, according to a Yahoo Finance consensus poll. Morgan Stanley’s net income was reported at $1.93bn, up 71 per cent on $1.13bn in the same period last year. Read more: Goldman Sachs profits jump 80 per cent... shares dip three per cent The bank’s earnings per share were expected to come in at $0.83, according to Yahoo Finance, but were today reported at $1. After releasing its first-quarter earnings, Morgan Stanley’s shares jumped two per cent to $41.85 in pre-market trading. Why it’s interesting Morgan Stanley’s institutional securities division’s revenue rocketed 39 per cent during the period to $5.2bn. Within this area of the business, investment banking revenues were up 41 per cent to $1.4bn and fixed income sales and trading net turnover hit $1.7bn, up from $873m last year. Morgan Stanley has followed JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America in beating expectations with first-quarter results. The strong performances have generally been linked to the so-called Trump bump and higher interest rates. Despite its profits jumping 80 per cent, Goldman Sachs missed analyst forecasts yesterday. Wells Fargo, which is recovering from an account-opening scandal, reported flat profits last week. What the company said Chief executive James Gorman: We reported one of our strongest quarters in recent years. All our businesses performed well in improved market conditions. We are confident in our business model and the opportunities ahead, while recognising that the environment remains uncertain. Share * Terms and conditions Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Tags Morgan Stanley Topics A-Z Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up About  |  Advertising  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Sitemap  |  Latest paper Copyright © 2017 City A.M. Limited
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target Increased to GBX 635 by Analysts at Barclays PLC Basf Se (BAS) Given a €105.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. $0.59 EPS Expected for Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) This Quarter Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €135.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Redrow plc (RDW) Given New GBX 666 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Price Target Lowered to GBX 850 at Jefferies Group LLC Persimmon plc (PSN) Given New GBX 2,102 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC $0.60 Earnings Per Share Expected for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) This Quarter Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Cut by Analyst Insider Selling: Boston Beer Company Inc (SAM) Chairman Sells $1,039,875.00 in Stock Richland Resources Ltd (RLD) Insider Ami R. Mpungwe Purchases 1,371,576 Shares Chelverton Small Compans Dvdnd Trst PLC (SDV) Insider Lord Lamont of Lerwick Acquires 101 Shares Insider Buying: Sigma Designs Inc (SIGM) Major Shareholder Buys $1,260,663.97 in Stock CT Financial Advisors LLC Has $140,000 Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) CT Financial Advisors LLC Maintains Stake in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Barclays PLC Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €19.80 Price Target Associated British Foods plc (ASBFY) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research New England Research & Management Inc. Cuts Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Ra Pharmaceuticals Inc (RARX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Saia Inc (SAIA) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Basf Se (BAS) Given a €105.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) price objective on Basf Se (ETR:BAS) in a report released on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the basic materials company’s stock. BAS has been the topic of a number of other reports. Citigroup Inc set a €110.00 ($117.02) target price on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €75.00 ($79.79) target price on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. DZ Bank AG reissued a buy rating on shares of Basf Se in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €45.00 ($47.87) target price on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €92.00 ($97.87) target price on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. Basf Se currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €90.28 ($96.04). Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 89.447 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €90.60 and a 200 day moving average price of €85.92. Basf Se has a 12 month low of €63.30 and a 12 month high of €94.15. The stock has a market capitalization of €82.16 billion and a P/E ratio of 20.283. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Basf Se (BAS) Given a €105.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/basf-se-bas-given-a-105-00-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Basf Se Company Profile BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Reuters - JPMorgan analyst cleared of insider trading Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               A federal judge has dismissed the remaining charges against a former JPMorgan Chase investment banking analyst accused of engaging in an insider trading scheme, after a jury in February largely acquitted him. Reuters reports that U.S. District Judge Terry Hatter in Los Angeles on Monday dismissed four counts of insider trading and tender offer fraud pending against Ashish Aggarwal, who previously worked at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC in its San Francisco office. The decision, which was confirmed by lawyers for Aggarwal, came after a jury in February found him not guilty of 26 of 30 counts he faced. His lawyers argued the jury had already determined Aggarwal did not intend to commit the charged crimes. "We are pleased that the court, in granting our motion, agreed with us that the government's case could not proceed, and correctly put an end to this prosecution," Aggarwal's lawyers, Grant Fondo and Derek Cohen, said in a joint statement. Hit the link below to access the complete Reuters article: Ex-JPMorgan analyst cleared of remaining insider trading charges Goldman Sachs licks wounds in equities trading as peers grab share And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Higher Revenue Drives a Surge in Bank of America's Q1 Earnings The nation’s second biggest bank by assets turns in a solid first-quarter performance. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Apr 18, 2017 at 8:20PM Bank of America's (NYSE:BAC) first-quarter earnings, reported Tuesday, reaffirm that the nation's second biggest bank by assets is continuing to make progress in putting distance between itself and the financial crisis. For the three months ending March 31, Bank of America earned $4.3 billion, 44% more than the year-ago period. "Our approach to responsible growth delivered strong results again this quarter," said Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan in prepared remarks. "The U.S. economy continues to show consumer and business optimism, and our results reflect that." Bank of America Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan. Image source: Bank of America. Bank of America's earnings growth was powered by a $1.5 billion increase in its top line. The biggest contribution was from trading revenue, which came in at $3.9 billion, a 23% increase over the first quarter of 2016. The North Carolina-based bank wasn't alone in this regard, as JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup also reported double-digit increases in their quarterly trading revenue for the first three months of the year. These performances were less about the first quarter of this year and more about the beginning of last year. Turmoil in the capital markets at the time caused institutional investors to stay on the sidelines, depriving Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Citigroup of the revenue they'd otherwise earn making markets in fixed-income and equity securities. Higher interest rates also contributed to Bank of America's top-line growth. The bank estimated last year that a 25-basis-point increase in the fed funds rate would translate into an added $600 million worth of quarterly net interest income. That's almost exactly what we saw. The Federal Reserve raised rates in December, leading to $573 million worth of additional net interest income for Bank of America. Data source: Bank of America. Chart by author. And things should only improve from here. Bank of America is one of the most asset-sensitive banks in its peer group, meaning that higher rates will have a more potent impact on its revenue than other banks. On top of this, the Fed raised rates again in March, which should further boost Bank of America's net interest income in the quarters ahead. Bank of America benefited as well from lower loan loss provisions -- money set aside in anticipation of future loan losses. In the first quarter of last year, banks ratcheted up their provisions, as cratering energy prices were causing an uptick in defaults among oil and gas companies. This is less of a concern because oil prices have since doubled, enabling Bank of America to reduce its first-quarter provision expense by $162 million. The one aspect of Bank of America's earnings that went against expectations was a slight increase in operating expenses. This was mostly due to higher compensation expenses. This is a surprise given that Bank of America committed last year to reducing annual expenses by an additional $3 billion by the end of 2018. This is obviously only one quarter out of a dozen, but the trend is certainly in the wrong direction. Expenses aside, there was a lot to like in Bank of America's first-quarter performance. Most importantly, its return on tangible common equity came in at 10.3%. That's less than the bank's 12% target, but it nevertheless represents a meaningful improvement from 7.3% a year ago. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Apr 18, 2017 at 8:20PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.74 up $0.03 (0.13%) Read More The Staggering Cost of a Quarter-Point Interest-Rate Hike An Important Insight About Bank of America Why Bank of America Shares Are Down 5% Today Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Bank of America Stock? Bank of America's CEO Just Answered an Important Riddle for Shareholders Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Higher Revenue Drives a Surge in Bank of America's Q1 Earnings @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clifton Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clifton Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State Street Corp Acquires 25,250 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) America Movil SAB de CV (AMX) Position Lowered by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Position in Ascent Capital Group Inc (ASCMA) Tabula Rasa HealthCare Inc (TRHC) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest VEON Ltd (VEON) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Position Raised by State Street Corp Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stake Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $219,000 in First Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc. (FMBH) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Marchex, Inc. (MCHX) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Stake in NCI Inc (NCIT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases New Position in Carolina Financial Corp (CARO) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys Shares of 13,489 BankFinancial Co. (BFIN) Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Imperial Capital Nikon Corp (NINOY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Energy Transfer Equity LP (ETE) Upgraded at Jefferies Group LLC Coach’s (COH) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC MTGE Investment Corp (MTGE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Cameco Corp (CCO) Now Covered by Analysts at CSFB Macquarie Trims Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Target Price to C$98.00 State Street Corp Acquires 25,250 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp raised its position in Clifton Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:CSBK) by 5.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 500,949 shares of the savings and loans company’s stock after buying an additional 25,250 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Clifton Bancorp were worth $8,475,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in CSBK. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp by 36.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 39,136 shares of the savings and loans company’s stock worth $598,000 after buying an additional 10,517 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp by 2,477.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 53,602 shares of the savings and loans company’s stock worth $820,000 after buying an additional 51,522 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $536,000. Finally, Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp by 154.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 7,503 shares of the savings and loans company’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 4,558 shares during the last quarter. 61.36% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:CSBK) opened at 16.14 on Wednesday. The stock has a market cap of $355.39 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 84.06 and a beta of 0.35. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $16.02 and a 200-day moving average price of $16.06. Clifton Bancorp Inc. has a 52 week low of $14.11 and a 52 week high of $17.49. Clifton Bancorp (NASDAQ:CSBK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The savings and loans company reported $0.06 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.06. Clifton Bancorp had a return on equity of 1.39% and a net margin of 10.45%. The company had revenue of $7.58 million for the quarter. Equities analysts anticipate that Clifton Bancorp Inc. will post $0.21 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “State Street Corp Acquires 25,250 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/state-street-corp-acquires-25250-shares-of-clifton-bancorp-inc-csbk.html. In other Clifton Bancorp news, insider Diane Scriveri purchased 1,900 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $15.71 per share, with a total value of $29,849.00. Following the acquisition, the insider now owns 531 shares in the company, valued at $8,342.01. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 5.60% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Clifton Bancorp Company Profile Clifton Bancorp Inc, formerly Clifton Savings Bancorp, Inc, is a savings and loan holding company that operates through its subsidiary, Clifton Savings Bank (Clifton Savings). Clifton Savings is a federally chartered savings bank. Clifton Savings operate as a community-oriented financial institution offering traditional financial services to consumers and businesses in the market area. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CSBK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Clifton Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:CSBK). Receive News & Ratings for Clifton Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clifton Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content National Real Estate Investor Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Tablet App RSS Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Finance & Investment CMBS Distressed Investment Lending Net Lease REITs Viewpoints Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Hotel Medical Office Self Storage Seniors Housing Single-Family Housing Student Housing Real Estate Services Brokerage Development Leasing Property Management Rankings Technology Viewpoints Webinars Whitepapers NREI Wire Advertisement Home > Finance & Investment > Lending > Looking at Three Big Lenders’ CRE Portfolios Outside the Gateway Looking at Three Big Lenders’ CRE Portfolios Outside the Gateway Apr 18, 2017 Ely Razin EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Although these lenders are major players in the Big Apple, their presence extends beyond that vaunted gateway market. Advertisement Germany’s Deutsche Bank and U.S. lenders JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo were three of the top commercial real estate lenders in New York City in 2016, a CrediFi analysis has found. Although those lenders are major players in the Big Apple, their presence extends beyond that vaunted gateway market. Here’s a glimpse of the national portfolios of each of these lenders: Deutsche bank Deutsche Bank issued a $106 million loan for four industrial properties in Illinois in 2016, including 855 Bonnie Lane and 2355 Touhy Ave. in Elk Grove Village, which is near O’Hare International Airport and is one of the largest industrial parks in the country. The other two properties included 747 Glenn Ave. and 818 Chaddick Dr., both in Wheeling, Ill., about 30 miles from Chicago. Other assets financed by Deutsche Bank loans in 2016 included hospitality properties in secondary markets such as Phoenix and San Diego. Deutsche subsidiary German American Capital Corp. issued a $26 million recapitalization loan for the 584-room Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort on North 7th St. in Phoenix, which was appraised in 2015 at a value of $88 million, and a $21 million loan for the 147-room Hampton Inn on Kearny Mesa Road in San Diego. Both were securitized in the CMBS deal DBJPM 2016-C3 Mortgage Trust. In New York City alone, Deutsche Bank originated over $5.5 billion in commercial real estate loans in 2016—37 percent more than in 2015—giving Deutsche a 7 percent market share. Nationally, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas increased its total assets by 3 percent year-over-year, to $53.8 billion in 2016, according to FDIC call reports. Yet 2016 was “a very challenging year” for Deutsche Bank, CEO John Cryan said in a letter to shareholders. The bank’s revenue was down 10 percent in 2016, to 30 billion euros, or about $32 billion. Major challenges included negotiations with the U.S. Department of Justice over the size of its fine for dealing in mortgage-backed securities ahead of the 2008 financial crisis. Deutsche Bank said in its annual report that reports of the negotiations “impacted our revenues and client balances.” Though the $7.2 billion settlement, reached in December and finalized in January, could have a long-term negative impact on Deutsche Bank’s profitability, it is far below the initial fine of $14 billion, and the resolution of negotiations may give investors a greater sense of certainty. Litigation costs contributed to a fourth quarter 2016 net loss of $2.05 billion. Other difficult situations Deutsche Bank faced in 2016 included being singled out by the International Monetary Fund as the most important net contributor to systemic risk and U.S. arm Deutsche Bank Trust Corp.’s failing the Federal Reserve stress test over capital planning weaknesses. Deutsche is also highly exposed to any Brexit fallout and, as a major CMBS lender, is vulnerable to the recent drop in CMBS lending. Still, it could stand to gain from its relationship with the Trump family. Some members of Congress have warned that President Donald Trump might give Deutsche Bank special favors, saying Deutsche “has been the only major Wall Street bank to continue to lend to Donald Trump and his entities in the wake of six Trump-business bankruptcies.” Indeed, Deutsche Bank has led or participated in loans totaling at least $2.5 billion since 1998 to companies with which he is affiliated, according to a Wall Street Journal analysis in March 2016. JPMorgan JPMorgan issued over $5 billion in commercial real estate loans in New York City in 2016, a 1 percent increase over the previous year, according to the CrediFi analysis. It holds a 7 percent market share in the New York City commercial real estate finance market. Outside of New York, JPMorgan’s transactions include a $54 million loan for the North Hills Village shopping center in Pittsburgh, $44 million of which is securitized in the CMBS deal JPMCC Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2016-JP4. Another JPMorgan loan in the same deal is a $38 million five-year loan for the 211-room Hotel Palomar in downtown San Diego and an adjacent three-story retail and entertainment building totaling 31,300 sq. ft. JPMorgan also issued a $62.5 million loan for the Yuma Palms, an 802,000-sq.-ft. retail center in Yuma, Ariz. The 10-year loan is securitized in DBJPM 2016-C3 Mortgage Trust. JPMorgan’s total assets increased 8 percent year-over-year, to $2.08 billion in 2016, call reports show. Its total net revenue hit $95.6 billion in 2016, up slightly from the previous two years. On a national scale, CFO Marianne Lake said in a fourth quarter earnings call that JPMorgan had pulled back in certain markets, including Dallas, Houston and parts of Brooklyn, and that the bank had no net charge-offs in commercial real estate in the final quarter of 2016. Wells Fargo Of the three lenders discussed here, Wells Fargo made the biggest year-over-year leap in its New York City commercial real estate lending, which jumped by 46 percent in 2016 to over $3.5 billion, giving it a 5 percent market share. The increase brought Wells Fargo from No. 8 in the 2015 annual CrediFi ranking to No. 4 in the 2016 ranking. Wells Fargo’s total assets increased 7 percent in 2016, to $1.7 billion, and it generated $88.3 billion in revenue in 2016, up 3 percent from 2015. Addressing the scandal surrounding what federal regulators said in September was Wells Fargo’s creation of millions of unauthorized bank and credit card accounts, Tim Sloan (who replaced John Stumpf as CEO after Stumpf quit in the wake of the scandal) said in a fourth quarter earnings call that account openings were down from a year earlier. However, customer experience scores improved from the lows seen in early October, though they had yet to reach previous highs. Wells Fargo’s transactions outside of New York City included a $51 million loan for the McLean Data Center portfolio, two adjacent data center buildings in McLean, Va. The loan matures in 2021 and is securitized in Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2017-RC1. The 2017 CMBS deal also includes a $22 million loan originated by Wells Fargo in December for the Carrollton Avenue Shopping Center in New Orleans and a $14 million loan for Whitehall Corporate Center VI, a five-story class-A office building in Charlotte, N.C. Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo were among the biggest commercial real estate lenders in New York City in 2016. But as national financial institutions, they extended their financing far beyond the Big Apple, partly through securitized loans in cities including Pittsburgh, New Orleans, Phoenix and San Diego. The deals yielding revenue gains for two of the banks and asset gains for all three, despite what for some was a challenging year. Ely Razin is CEO of CrediFi, a big data platform serving the commercial real estate finance market. He can be reached at ceo@credifi.com. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Who Will the Big New York Lenders Be in 2017? Mezzanine Lenders Look Forward to a Big Year JLL Hotels Secures $215.6M Refinancing for Three-Hotel Portfolio Looking Beyond the Gateway Markets Foreign Money Looks Beyond Gateway Cities for Apartment Assets Advertisement The Latest in Finance & Investment ​Low-yield Environment Spurs Asian Investments in U.S. Real Estate Looking at Three Big Lenders’ CRE Portfolios Outside the Gateway The Five Creative Office Projects That Fetched the Highest Prices At Kushners' Manhattan Tower, Debt Payments and Losses Increase Global Medical REIT Building Portfolio of Medical Facilities More Advertisement Recent Comments Well someone made a poor decision on this particular piece. If you read it carefully, which I did, it... Posted 6 hours 8 min ago by egrummons Hi, egrummons, This article is an aggregated piece of content from Bloomberg. We regularly re-post articles... Posted 6 hours 42 min ago by emisonzhnik Please keep your website focused on the real estate industry and don't post this biased trash. I can read... Posted 7 hours 53 min ago by egrummons Wal-Mart is very dirty - the store itself. I would never buy any produce or fresh anything from Wal-Mart. I... Posted 1 week 8 hours ago by user-589592 I was surprised that the author left out the number of companies that are shutting their doors or moving in... Posted 1 week 1 day ago by Marty Lefton Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Advertisement Nreionline.com Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire Site Features Subscribe RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site National Real Estate Investor Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Search Nreionline.com Search: PISCES National Real Estate Investor Related Sites WealthManagement.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research ABB Ltd (ABB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley Nestle SA (NSRGY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Short Interest Update Intact Financial Co. (IFC) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.08) Per Share Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Smc Corp Spon (SMCAY) to Sell Vetr Inc. Downgrades Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) to Hold Exelon Co. (EXC) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Yangarra Resources Ltd. (YGR) Research Coverage Started at Canaccord Genuity Zacks Investment Research Downgrades BAE Systems PLC (BAESY) to Sell Investors Buy High Volume of Call Options on Coach (COH) Amyris Inc (AMRS) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Reaches New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Potash Co. of Saskatchewan Inc (POT) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Quebecor, Inc. (QBR.B) Earns Action List Buy Rating from TD Securities AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Monday. The firm currently has $82.00 price target on the financial services provider’s stock. According to Zacks, “Aflac’s efforts to increase agent productivity, emphasis on sale of third-sector products, pull back on sale of first-sector products, introduction of new product like cancer insurance are likely to drive long-term growth. Its strong capital position enables it to buy back shares and increase dividend payouts. Its 2017 Zacks Consensus earnings estimates have also gone up over the past 60 days. But it remains exposed to a challenging operating environment, primarily in Japan. Moreover, its U.S. business has been facing stiff competition in the middle market, which in turn, has been denting its sales. In 2016, the company recorded disappointing U.S. sales figures. Despite writing almost $1.5 billion in new premiums, the company did not achieve its 2016 sales growth target of 3–5%. The shares have underperformed the Zacks categorized Accident and Health Insurance industry year to date.” A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on AFL. Evercore ISI raised AFLAC from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Citigroup Inc started coverage on AFLAC in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a neutral rating and a $73.00 price objective for the company. Royal Bank of Canada dropped their price objective on AFLAC from $65.00 to $62.00 and set an underperform rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised AFLAC from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $71.71 to $75.00 in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised AFLAC from an underperform rating to a neutral rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $75.00 to $78.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $73.38. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) opened at 73.57 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $72.47 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.86. AFLAC has a 1-year low of $66.50 and a 1-year high of $74.50. The company has a market cap of $29.53 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.46 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The financial services provider reported $1.54 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.63 by $0.09. The business earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.65 billion. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. The business’s revenue was up 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.56 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that AFLAC will post $6.43 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/aflac-incorporated-afl-upgraded-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, Director Karole Lloyd acquired 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $68.42 per share, for a total transaction of $136,840.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 4,441 shares in the company, valued at approximately $303,853.22. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Douglas Wayne Johnson sold 1,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $73.04, for a total value of $102,256.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 19,287 shares in the company, valued at $1,408,722.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 52,630 shares of company stock valued at $3,760,333. 3.90% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 14.9% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,054,261 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $147,640,000 after buying an additional 265,847 shares during the period. AMP Capital Investors Ltd increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 24.4% in the third quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd now owns 275,151 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $19,690,000 after buying an additional 54,028 shares during the period. Willis Investment Counsel increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 90.7% in the fourth quarter. Willis Investment Counsel now owns 275,898 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $19,203,000 after buying an additional 131,251 shares during the period. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,353,746 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,486,224,000 after buying an additional 1,433,277 shares during the period. Finally, NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 6.6% in the fourth quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 425,112 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $29,587,000 after buying an additional 26,367 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 62.45% of the company’s stock. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on AFLAC (AFL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Lowers Morgan Stanley (MS) to Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Upgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Brokerages Expect Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) to Post $0.05 Earnings Per Share Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.01 Per Share Brokerages Expect Independent Bank Group Inc (IBTX) Will Post Earnings of $0.81 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Ryder System, Inc. (R) Will Announce Earnings of $0.84 Per Share IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $255.18 Million CACI International Inc (CACI) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.45 Per Share Novocure Ltd (NVCR) CTO Sells $41,720.00 in Stock Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Director Sells $93,600.00 in Stock Yoram Palti Sells 4,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock James Frodsham Sells 2,000 Shares of Ciena Co. (CIEN) Stock Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) SVP Sells $65,777.14 in Stock DISH Network Corp (DISH) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $95.85 Million $7.01 Billion in Sales Expected for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) This Quarter Gartner Inc (IT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.61 Per Share Brokerages Expect TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.65 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Upgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) was upgraded by equities researchers at Vetr from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a $191.20 price objective on the investment management company’s stock. Vetr‘s target price would indicate a potential downside of 10.69% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. HSBC Holdings plc restated a “buy” rating and set a $291.00 price target on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Bank of America Corp restated a “buy” rating and set a $265.00 price target (down from $275.00) on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Wednesday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $228.34. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) traded down 0.70% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $214.09. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 6,428,792 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $235.94 and a 200-day moving average of $222.39. Goldman Sachs Group has a 12-month low of $138.20 and a 12-month high of $255.15. The company has a market cap of $88.81 billion, a PE ratio of 13.14 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group also saw unusually large options trading on Tuesday. Investors bought 8,747 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of 212% compared to the average daily volume of 2,801 call options. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The investment management company reported $5.15 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $5.31 by $0.16. The firm had revenue of $8.03 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.33 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The business’s revenue was up 26.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $2.68 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.59 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be paid a dividend of $0.75 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a $3.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.40%. This is a boost from Goldman Sachs Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.65. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently 15.89%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs-upgraded-to-sell-at-vetr-inc.html. In other Goldman Sachs Group news, Director James A. /Dc/ Johnson sold 11,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total transaction of $2,714,284.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 11,600 shares in the company, valued at $2,714,284. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, EVP Edith W. Cooper sold 4,186 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $236.74, for a total value of $990,993.64. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 26,867 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,360,493.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 128,590 shares of company stock worth $30,926,594 in the last 90 days. 2.61% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $109,000. Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $121,000. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $158,000. Cedar Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 3.9% in the third quarter. Cedar Wealth Management LLC now owns 983 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $159,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $166,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Company Profile The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Lowers Morgan Stanley (MS) to Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Upgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Brokerages Expect Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) to Post $0.05 Earnings Per Share Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.01 Per Share Brokerages Expect Independent Bank Group Inc (IBTX) Will Post Earnings of $0.81 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Ryder System, Inc. (R) Will Announce Earnings of $0.84 Per Share IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $255.18 Million CACI International Inc (CACI) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.45 Per Share Novocure Ltd (NVCR) CTO Sells $41,720.00 in Stock Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Director Sells $93,600.00 in Stock Yoram Palti Sells 4,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock James Frodsham Sells 2,000 Shares of Ciena Co. (CIEN) Stock Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) SVP Sells $65,777.14 in Stock DISH Network Corp (DISH) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $95.85 Million $7.01 Billion in Sales Expected for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) This Quarter Gartner Inc (IT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.61 Per Share Brokerages Expect TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.65 Per Share Vetr Inc. Lowers Morgan Stanley (MS) to Sell April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) was downgraded by research analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. They currently have a $40.50 price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Vetr‘s target price would indicate a potential downside of 3.66% from the stock’s current price. Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Morgan Stanley from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Deutsche Bank AG raised Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the company from $42.49 to $47.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Macquarie reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Atlantic Securities raised Morgan Stanley from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the company from $27.00 to $44.00 in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and eighteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.75. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) traded up 2.01% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $42.04. The company had a trading volume of 19,850,262 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $78.45 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.39 and a beta of 1.80. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $43.73 and a 200 day moving average of $41.13. Morgan Stanley has a 52 week low of $23.11 and a 52 week high of $47.33. Morgan Stanley also was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Wednesday. Stock investors bought 9,738 put options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 305% compared to the average daily volume of 2,405 put options. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The financial services provider reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.10. The firm earned $9.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.29 billion. Morgan Stanley had a return on equity of 8.48% and a net margin of 15.76%. Morgan Stanley’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.55 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Morgan Stanley will post $3.39 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Monday, May 1st will be given a $0.20 dividend. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.90%. Morgan Stanley’s dividend payout ratio is currently 27.40%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/vetr-inc-lowers-morgan-stanley-ms-to-sell.html. In related news, insider Eric F. Grossman sold 17,562 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.14, for a total value of $740,062.68. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 242,100 shares in the company, valued at approximately $10,202,094. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Paul C. Wirth sold 12,481 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.04, for a total value of $574,625.24. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 203,557 shares in the company, valued at $9,371,764.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 506,897 shares of company stock worth $21,781,793. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Adirondack Trust Co. boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 2.5% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 2,824 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 70 shares in the last quarter. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Morgan Stanley during the third quarter valued at about $110,000. Parkside Financial Bank & Trust boosted its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 6.4% in the third quarter. Parkside Financial Bank & Trust now owns 3,437 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $110,000 after buying an additional 207 shares during the period. Sowell Financial Services LLC purchased a new position in shares of Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter valued at about $163,000. Finally, MCF Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 0.6% in the third quarter. MCF Advisors LLC now owns 4,176 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 85.87% of the company’s stock. Morgan Stanley Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
heart.co.uk (national) Choose your preferred station Sign in Become a Heart VIP Listen to heart.co.uk (national) Watch Heart TV Home Radio News Entertainment Lifestyle Weird Events Win Charity Bingo TV Weather Search GO Local News UK & World Showbiz Top Trending Videos Traffic and Travel Quirky Sport Snow Weather Home News UK & World Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro donates $500,000 to Trump fund despite economic woes 20th April 2017, 02:55 The president of Venezuela donated $500,000 (£391,000) to Donald Trump's inauguration fund despite the country suffering severe economic problems and food shortages. Inaugural committee records show Citgo Petroleum, a US affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some US firms including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1m contribution. Nicolas Maduro has been careful not to antagonise the new US president, but the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Mr Trump met the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the US State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. On Wednesday, two people were shot dead as thousands of Venezuelans took part in protests against Mr Maduro demanding fresh elections and the release of jailed opposition politicians. The South American country has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but many Venezuelans accuse Mr Maduro of pilfering the nation's wealth. (c) Sky News 2017: Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro donates $500,000 to Trump fund despite economic woes Debenhams to consider closing up to 10 stores Debenhams will consider closing up to 10 of its 176 stores under a review announced by its new chief executive, Sergio Bucher. Sky reports customer growth across all markets The entertainment and communications group which owns Sky News reported growth in customer numbers across its European markets on Thursday, but warned that the broader consumer environment remained City continues to be jobs magnet, despite Brexit uncertainty The City continues to be a jobs magnet despite some financial services jobs being shifted to Europe, a report suggests. Video Police may have to shoot terrorists at the wheel under 'more aggressive' tactics Police may have to shoot terrorists behind the wheel to stop them using vehicles as weapons in attacks, the national lead for armed policing has said. Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Gallery Nigella Lawson's Hottest Looks! Gallery Bare-Naked Ladies: Stars Without Makeup! Gallery Pregnant Celebrities: Serena Williams Is 20 Weeks Pregnant! Gallery George From 'Stuart Little' Is All Grown Up... And You Won't Believe How Hot He Is! Gallery Top Of The Chops! Celebrity Hair Do-Overs Gallery Jamie Dornan: Sexiest Pictures Of The Christian Grey Actor Gallery Celebrity Weddings: Bond Director Sam Mendes Is Off The Market! Gallery Kelly Brook's Most Gorgeous Pictures Gallery The Most Beautiful Celebrity Wedding Dresses Gallery The Top 25 Sexiest Men Gallery Best Dressed Celebrity Baby Bumps: Ciara Works The Red Carpet Gallery 10 David Beckham Quotes Straight Out Of 'Only Fools & Horses' Quick links Schedule Heart Breakfast Last 10 songs Local events Local news Local Win With Heart Make Heart the soundtrack to your day and you could be a winner with great prizes up for grabs throughout the day. UK & World Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May trade blows as election campaigns begin Marine Le Pen's rise is about more than just race and immigration Depression and cancer drugs offer hope for dementia sufferers - study O'Reilly leaves Fox News amid harassment claims Freak wave swept father and toddler into sea on family holiday See all UK & World Showbiz Chris Packham charged with assault in Malta after bird hunt row Tennis star Serena Williams confirms she is pregnant after Snapchat selfie Peter Kay's Car Share Gets Even Better, Thanks To Drunk Smurfette And 'Now 48' 'Proud to be British': Victoria Beckham receives OBE for fashion success Harry Styles wanted Taylor Swift date to be 'normal' See all Showbiz You are here: Home News UK & World Back to top How To Listen & Watch Digital Radio FM Online TV iPad & iPhone Android Blackberry Heart TV Find Your Local Heart By Region By Postcode Radio Heart Breakfast Drivetime Schedule Playlist Last 10 songs All Heart Shows Report Interference From Illegal Broadcasters Discover More Article Archive Website Support Accessibility Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Celebrity Pictures Competitions Local News Heart Angels Race for Life Bingo Games Movies All About Heart Frequently Asked Questions Contact us Working for Heart Advertise With Us Charity About Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Public File Cookie Policy Company Details Search GO © Global 2017
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics April 19, 2017 11:06 pm Venezuela donated $500,000 to Donald Trump inauguration despite food shortages By Staff The Associated Press ; Donald Trump waves as he walks with first lady Melania Trump during the inauguration parade on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington. AP Photo/Evan Vucci What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen CARACAS, Venezuela – President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump‘s inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Story continues below Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s $1 million contribution. READ MORE: Donald Trump inaugural pulls in massive quantities of cash from donors Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. “Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity … will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community,” the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world’s largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation’s oil wealth. READ MORE: Venezuela’s president has carried out a ‘coup d’etat’: national assembly leader PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 per cent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. “We are extremely concerned that Rosneft’s control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security,” six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Donald Trump Donald Trump inaugural Donald Trump inaugural donations donald trump inauguration Donald Trump inauguration donations President Donald Trump Trump inaugural Trump inaugural Venezuela Trump inauguration donations Venezuela Venezuela Editor's Picks Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? Canada Analysis: Canada’s Charter remains a flawed document that no politician dares try to fix Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers Politics Airstrikes in Syria further complicate Trump's relationship with Russia Canada Have you heard about savings loans? Think carefully before signing up for one Sports With no NHL, who will play for Team Canada at the 2018 Olympics? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now 97-year-old son of world's oldest person dies at home in Jamaica 22016 10-year-old boy with autism arrested after kicking teacher in Florida 7274 Vancouver is world’s 10th-best city for millennials: study 7085 North Korea to U.S.: 'Don't mess with us' 2303 Venezuela donated $500,000 to Donald Trump inauguration despite food shortages 2028 Sponsored content Popular Videos Oklahoma’s ‘Witch grandma’ sentenced to 3 consecutive life sentences for child abuse WATCH NOW ‘Unchecked Iran’ could follow ‘same path’ as North Korea, says Tillerson WATCH NOW Trump targets Canadian dairy farmers outlining his Buy America plan WATCH NOW Aaron Hernandez found not guilty in 2012 double-murder WATCH NOW Trump takes direct aim at Canadian dairy farmers: ‘Unfair things have happened’ WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Search Watch Live Home UK Brexit Trump World Business Politics Tech Entertainment Offbeat Weather Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro donates $500,000 to Trump fund despite economic woes Two people are killed in protests in Venezuela as the president is accused of pilfering the nation's wealth. 07:49, UK, Thursday 20 April 2017 Image: President Nicolas Maduro delivers a speech in Caracas Twitter Facebook Google+ Whats App Mail The president of Venezuela donated $500,000 (£391,000) to Donald Trump's inauguration fund despite the country suffering severe economic problems and food shortages. Inaugural committee records show Citgo Petroleum, a US affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some US firms including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1m contribution. Nicolas Maduro has been careful not to antagonise the new US president, but the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. Image: A demonstrator throws a tear gas grenade back at police during a march against Mr Maduro In February, Mr Trump met the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the US State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. On Wednesday, two people were shot dead as thousands of Venezuelans took part in protests against Mr Maduro demanding fresh elections and the release of jailed opposition politicians. The South American country has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but many Venezuelans accuse Mr Maduro of pilfering the nation's wealth. Nicolas Maduro Venezuela Top Stories Corbyn and May trade blows as campaigning begins PM may agree to televised Q&A - but no debate Cycling to work 'almost halves cancer risk' Police may have to shoot terrorists at the wheel Sky Views: It's game on for Crush Corbyn Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Vine Google+ About Sky News Down About Us Sky News International Sky News Library Sales Site Map Editorial Guidelines Supreme Court Live Sky News Services Down Sky News RSS Sky News For Your Phone Sky News Radio Sky Channels Down Sky 1 Sky Living Sky Atlantic Sky Arts Sky Cinema Sky Sports More Sky Sites Down NOW TV Sky Academy Bigger Picture Sky Ride Sky Corporate Sky Bet Sky.com Sky News Arabia Advertise With Us Terms & Conditions Privacy & Cookies Notice Accessibility Information Contact Us © 2017 Sky UK We use cookies to give you the best experience. If you do nothing we'll assume that it's ok. Close Close
Las Vegas Sun April 20, 2017 Currently: 72° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Newsletter signup Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration Andrew Harnik / AP Vice President Mike Pence and President Donald Trump listen to the singing of the national anthem by Jackie Evancho during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017. Associated Press Wednesday, April 19, 2017 | 6:38 p.m. CARACAS, Venezuela — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Most Popular Viewed Trending ‘Vegas Dave’ case illustrates how casinos use Social Security numbers Instead of Water Street, Makers & Finders looks to Summerlin Stadium Authority set to discuss terms of Raiders lease ‘People are asking for this’: Lawmaker hails broad support for light-rail bill Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez hangs himself in his prison cell Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Nightlife: Big changes in the Vegas club scene Dining: Edge is a hidden gem at Westgate Music: Boyz II Men in harmony at Mirage Featured Galleries SunPower Boulder Solar 1 Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto Town Hall Meeting Desiree Reed-Francois Introduced as UNLV Athletic Director More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 19 Wed 20 Thu 21 Fri 22 Sat 23 Sun Karaoke at Calico Jack's Saloon Calico Jack's Saloon Live music at Napoleon's at Paris Las Vegas Napoleon's 50 Shades! The Musical Parody Bally's Las Vegas | 7:30 p.m. to 9 p.m. All events on Wednesday » Neighborhood Cafe North Las Vegas Neighborhood Recreation Center Beatleshow Orchestra Saxe Theater L.A. Comedy Club Bally's Las Vegas All events on Thursday » Happier Hour at Elements Kitchen & Martini Bar Elements Kitchen and Martini Bar Loveshack Fremont Street Experience Nashville Unplugged Club Madrid at Sunset Station All events on Friday » Recycled Percussion Saxe Theater Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre V Theater inside Miracle Mile Shops Fremont Street Experience Fremont Street Experience All events on Saturday » Ride the Southern Nevada Railway Nevada Southern Railway Toast of the Town Sam's Town Salsa Sundays Tuscany Suites & Casino All events on Sunday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Europe Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro’s administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (Carolyn Kaster, File/Associated Press) By Associated Press By Associated Press April 19 at 8:32 PM CARACAS, Venezuela — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. “Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community,” the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world’s largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation’s oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. “We are extremely concerned that Rosneft’s control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security,” six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. world europe Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world europe Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 U.S. defense officials may have spoken too soon, but Trump’s missing ‘armada’ finally heading to Korea 2 A youth revolt in France boosts the far right 3 A new North Korean video shows missiles destroying a U.S. city in a giant fireball 4 Emirates cuts U.S. flights, blaming Trump administration curbs 5 Trump administration defends how it described ship movements amid North Korean tensions The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game world europe Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 67° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 67° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. Carolyn Kaster, File AP Photo National Business April 19, 2017 8:30 PM Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story CARACAS, Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:19 5 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.20 1:04 11 hours ago Myrtle Beach locals walk two miles in honor of "National Walking Month" View More Video National Business Law change could boost little-used state crowdfunding laws VP Pence praises Indonesia's democratic, tolerant values Asian shares gain on oil price rebound, strong Japan exports Charge me up: Rural electric drivers face 'range anxiety' O'Reilly is out at Fox but influence endures; career too? National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Honda says U.S. driver seriously injured in Takata inflator rupture Business Standard AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses Reuters  April 20, 2017 Last Updated at 04:25 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV16fg ALSO READ AmEx profit tops estimates as card members spend more Board of Chokhani Global Express to approve September quarter results Blue Dart Express to announce Q3 results Board of TCI Express to consider Q3 results and interim dividend Trump tells Americans to "buy American and hire American" By Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba (Reuters) - American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. AmEx's shares rose 2.5 percent after the bell on Wednesday as the results and guidance indicated the company was starting to mitigate some of the impact of losing key partnerships last year, especially one with Costco Wholesale Corp . Some of that impact was also blunted by AmEx spending heavily on marketing as well as on premium rewards to retain existing customers and woo new ones. The company, which has long catered to affluent customers, last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . However, AmEx is curbing costs in other areas to bolster margins and said it was on track to remove $1 billion from its expenses this year and was "very confident" of meeting its full-year profit forecast of $5.60-$5.80 per share. "As we move through 2017, we expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost-reduction initiatives and the seasonality of revenue," Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Campbell said on a call with analysts. Campbell has said in mid-January, after AmEx's fourth-quarter results, that earnings and revenue would be "uneven" in 2017. AmEx said first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders fell 13 percent to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, from a year earlier, which included some now discontinued partnerships. Analysts on average were expecting $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. KBW analyst Sanjay Sakhrani said AmEx did reasonably well, excluding Costco, and noted the company's growth had accelerated last year and continued in the latest quarter. "The company has had to spend more to generate the types of growth ... and now we see them starting to pull back on the expenses, but still put up accelerated growth and I think that is what is encouraging," Sakhrani said. AmEx said it also benefited from higher net card fees and loan growth in the quarter. Card member spending increased 8 percent, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the loss of the Costco partnership, while net card fees rose 7 percent. Loans grew 11 percent, with more than half of the growth in U.S. consumer loans coming from existing customers. AmEx added 1.7 million new cards across its U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million worldwide in the quarter, slightly higher than the additions in the fourth quarter. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On American | Express | Results | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses (Reuters) - American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. By Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba (Reuters) - American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. AmEx's shares rose 2.5 percent after the bell on Wednesday as the results and guidance indicated the company was starting to mitigate some of the impact of losing key partnerships last year, especially one with Costco Wholesale Corp . Some of that impact was also blunted by AmEx spending heavily on marketing as well as on premium rewards to retain existing customers and woo new ones. The company, which has long catered to affluent customers, last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . However, AmEx is curbing costs in other areas to bolster margins and said it was on track to remove $1 billion from its expenses this year and was "very confident" of meeting its full-year profit forecast of $5.60-$5.80 per share. "As we move through 2017, we expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost-reduction initiatives and the seasonality of revenue," Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Campbell said on a call with analysts. Campbell has said in mid-January, after AmEx's fourth-quarter results, that earnings and revenue would be "uneven" in 2017. AmEx said first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders fell 13 percent to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, from a year earlier, which included some now discontinued partnerships. Analysts on average were expecting $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. KBW analyst Sanjay Sakhrani said AmEx did reasonably well, excluding Costco, and noted the company's growth had accelerated last year and continued in the latest quarter. "The company has had to spend more to generate the types of growth ... and now we see them starting to pull back on the expenses, but still put up accelerated growth and I think that is what is encouraging," Sakhrani said. AmEx said it also benefited from higher net card fees and loan growth in the quarter. Card member spending increased 8 percent, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the loss of the Costco partnership, while net card fees rose 7 percent. Loans grew 11 percent, with more than half of the growth in U.S. consumer loans coming from existing customers. AmEx added 1.7 million new cards across its U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million worldwide in the quarter, slightly higher than the additions in the fourth quarter. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses By Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba (Reuters) - American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. AmEx's shares rose 2.5 percent after the bell on Wednesday as the results and guidance indicated the company was starting to mitigate some of the impact of losing key partnerships last year, especially one with Costco Wholesale Corp . Some of that impact was also blunted by AmEx spending heavily on marketing as well as on premium rewards to retain existing customers and woo new ones. The company, which has long catered to affluent customers, last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . However, AmEx is curbing costs in other areas to bolster margins and said it was on track to remove $1 billion from its expenses this year and was "very confident" of meeting its full-year profit forecast of $5.60-$5.80 per share. "As we move through 2017, we expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost-reduction initiatives and the seasonality of revenue," Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Campbell said on a call with analysts. Campbell has said in mid-January, after AmEx's fourth-quarter results, that earnings and revenue would be "uneven" in 2017. AmEx said first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders fell 13 percent to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, from a year earlier, which included some now discontinued partnerships. Analysts on average were expecting $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. KBW analyst Sanjay Sakhrani said AmEx did reasonably well, excluding Costco, and noted the company's growth had accelerated last year and continued in the latest quarter. "The company has had to spend more to generate the types of growth ... and now we see them starting to pull back on the expenses, but still put up accelerated growth and I think that is what is encouraging," Sakhrani said. AmEx said it also benefited from higher net card fees and loan growth in the quarter. Card member spending increased 8 percent, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the loss of the Costco partnership, while net card fees rose 7 percent. Loans grew 11 percent, with more than half of the growth in U.S. consumer loans coming from existing customers. AmEx added 1.7 million new cards across its U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million worldwide in the quarter, slightly higher than the additions in the fourth quarter. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email alerts Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Cloudy with occasional rain in the afternoon. Thunder possible. High 52F. SE winds shifting to WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 70%.. Tonight Showers in the evening, then cloudy overnight. Low 39F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: April 19, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) AP Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration Apr 19, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! Missoulian.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags News Wire Business General News Executive Branch Corporate Giving Philanthropy Social Affairs Corporate News 2017 United States Presidential Inauguration United States Presidential Inauguration Inaugurations Government And Politics Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Recommended View More Deals & Offers When it comes to lawn maintenance and landscaping, LawnWorks is the best – better than the rest! We provide curb edging, trimming and weeding services. Call us today at 406-207-6183! Schedule a tour of Honeybear Daycare today and see if we're a good fit for your family! www.honeybeardaycare.org © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses Business Standard Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia Reuters  |  HONG KONG  April 20, 2017 Last Updated at 04:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV16fh ALSO READ Exclusive - UBS slashing nearly two dozen jobs in Asia to cut costs -sources Investors wary of more losses as battered Asia stocks, bonds steady - for now Asia's wealth industry booting out clients in costly clean-up Planned rules to shake up Asia wealth managers' fee-sharing business Asia struggles on forex and flows after Trump win By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focussed more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank , are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. [nL5N18M1X1] BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Asia | Transactionbanking | Hong Kong | Transaction | Banking | Cash | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focussed more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank , are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. [nL5N18M1X1] BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focussed more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank , are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. [nL5N18M1X1] BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 49° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Cloudy skies. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 53F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early with partial clearing expected late. Low 38F. Winds NNW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: April 20, 2017 @ 1:24 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) AP Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration Apr 19, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago 0 Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Executive Branch Corporate Giving Philanthropy Social Affairs Corporate News 2017 United States Presidential Inauguration United States Presidential Inauguration Inaugurations Government And Politics Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Benedict XVI has beer, party for 90th birthday at Vatican Ivanka's biz prospers as politics mixes with business 2 pirates killed while trying to hijack ship near Somalia Prince Harry shares emotional struggles after Diana's death Albanian police crack down on drug trafficking ring Business Directory Latest Local Offers Saint Anne Of Winona Memory care at Saint Anne of Winona. Living fully. Living well. Apr 12, 2017 Buffalo Lumber & Tie Co. Do you have Walnut, Hickory, White Oak, Hard Maple or Red Oak on your property? Apr 12, 2017 ≫ today's question Do you like La Crosse County’s new logo? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Apr 20 Divorce Recovery Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 5:30 pm Apr 20 Claudia Mills: How to Make a Pickle Explode (and Other Adventures of Writing for Kids) Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Apr 20 Grief Circle Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Apr 20 Buddhist meditation introduction Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 20 Duplicate bridge Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Apr 20 Dan Sebranek and Gregg "Cheech" Hall Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 20 Kane Street Community Garden gardening day Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 3:00 pm Apr 20 Vegan meals presentation Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 6:20 pm Apr 20 Burger night Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 4:30 pm Apr 20 Nathan Kalish with Andy Hughes Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30542049.pdf 30542053.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses C21 Affiliated - Susan Timm 700 N 3rd St Ste 101, La Crosse, WI 54601 Goodrich Trailers E8580 562nd Ave, Elk Mound, WI 54739 Sparta's New & Used Shop 904 Avon Rd, Sparta, WI 54656 Bauer's Market & Garden Center Hwy 14/61, La Crescent, MN 55947 Ads Currents +35 Autos Photos: Scenes from the New York International Auto Show +10 National 'I'M A GONER': The last hours of a ship and its crew Travel Ranking America's national parks by popularity Today’s top pics: Presidential election in France and more Your daily 6: Aaron Hernandez's death, a Georgia runoff and the McNuggets order that tripped up a suspected killer Today In History, April 19: Oklahoma City Today's Birthdays, April 19: James Franco Healthy Thornton, Couture get Sharks back in series Playoff berth gives rest of NBA glimpse into Bucks' future Kershaw fans season-high 10, Dodgers beat Rockies 4-2 Chacin throws gem to beat Diamondbacks 1-0 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Patriots player defends skipping WH visit Price on health care: There's always a Plan B Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 World Premiere Hayden: North Korea may reach US with weapon News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. Posted 20 Apr 2017 04:20 Updated 20 Apr 2017 07:15 The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company American Express (AXP) is seen in Los Angeles, California, United States, April 25, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. AmEx's shares rose 2.5 percent after the bell on Wednesday as the results and guidance indicated the company was starting to mitigate some of the impact of losing key partnerships last year, especially one with Costco Wholesale Corp . Some of that impact was also blunted by AmEx spending heavily on marketing as well as on premium rewards to retain existing customers and woo new ones. The company, which has long catered to affluent customers, last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . However, AmEx is curbing costs in other areas to bolster margins and said it was on track to remove US$1 billion from its expenses this year and was "very confident" of meeting its full-year profit forecast of US$5.60-US$5.80 per share. "As we move through 2017, we expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost-reduction initiatives and the seasonality of revenue," Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Campbell said on a call with analysts. Campbell has said in mid-January, after AmEx's fourth-quarter results, that earnings and revenue would be "uneven" in 2017. AmEx said first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders fell 13 percent to US$1.21 billion, or US$1.34 per share, from a year earlier, which included some now discontinued partnerships. Analysts on average were expecting US$1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. KBW analyst Sanjay Sakhrani said AmEx did reasonably well, excluding Costco, and noted the company's growth had accelerated last year and continued in the latest quarter. "The company has had to spend more to generate the types of growth ... and now we see them starting to pull back on the expenses, but still put up accelerated growth and I think that is what is encouraging," Sakhrani said. AmEx said it also benefited from higher net card fees and loan growth in the quarter. Card member spending increased 8 percent, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the loss of the Costco partnership, while net card fees rose 7 percent. Loans grew 11 percent, with more than half of the growth in U.S. consumer loans coming from existing customers. AmEx added 1.7 million new cards across its U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million worldwide in the quarter, slightly higher than the additions in the fourth quarter. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Thursday, April 20, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Babri Masjid case: BJP is with you, Amit Shah tells LK Advani after Supreme Court verdict AIADMK merger LIVE: Thambidurai, who backs Palaniswamy as TN CM, meets Governor Vidyasagar Rao Changing guard of AIADMK: Is BJP influencing the party to get rid of Sasikala, Dinakaran? BJP rules Goa despite losing election: Debacle proves India is becoming Congress-mukt, one state at a time Kashmir unrest: Miffed with PDP-BJP govt, Congress forms Manmohan Singh-led policy-planning group Delhi Police summons TTV Dinakaran in EC poll symbol bribery case Sports Champions League: Bus delay 'worst thing that could happen' to Dortmund, says Thomas Tuchel Maria Sharapova says rivals' criticism least of her concerns ahead of return from doping ban Champions Trophy 2017: Mitchell Starc, James Pattinson named in Australia squad Serena Williams will not play competitive tennis in 2017 due to pregnancy, plans to return in 2018 Barcelona can turn Champions League pain to El Clasico gain, says manager Luis Enrique Champions League: Cristiano Ronaldo's remarkable new landmark down to his insatiable ambition India Kashmir unrest: Militants thrash, video-record political workers in Pulwama and Shopian, drive them from their homes Inadequate pensions leave India’s elderly no choice but to work Delhi Police and UP ATS arrest three suspected Islamic State operatives from Mumbai, Jalandhar and Bijnor 'Gau rakshak' Sadhvi Kamal praises Alwar lynching accused, compares him to Bhagat Singh India swaps 40-yr-old definition of blindness for WHO criteria: 40 lakh people will no longer be classified 'legally blind' Kashmir unrest: Who is accountable for death of 2014's tranquility in the Valley? World India swaps 40-yr-old definition of blindness for WHO criteria: 40 lakh people will no longer be classified 'legally blind' Gay men flee Chechnya after strongman Ramzan Kadyrov's regime begins persecution of sexual minorities Protesters clash with security forces in Venezuela as Opposition-led protest against Nicolas Maduro continues Pakistan Supreme Court to pronounce verdict on corruption allegations against Nawaz Sharif Australia passes sweeping new citizenship laws; to have tighter screening, longer waiting periods India, Russia likely to hold tri-service exercise 'Indra' in Vladivostok this October Business Get over the liquor ban, startup HipBar app could be the answer to your drinking woes Petrol pumps to remain shut on Sundays: Fuel conscious? Or merely money-conscious? Yamuna development authority scraps 17 realty projects; Jaypee group, other builders feel the heat Tata, Godrej, Adani show interest in buying Sahara properties Irony of H-1B visa policy: Jobs Trump is trying to protect are about to vanish altogether Farm loan waiver may win votes, but what about ailing state banks and worsening public finances Life Prince Harry speaks out on depression: Will it help break the silence around mental health? Rasgulla wars: Wedding broken off in Uttar Pradesh over a fight about extra serving of rasgulla Entertainment Vir Das in Netflix's Abroad Understanding: Here's an Indian making fun of Americans in US Tubelight poster: Salman Khan seems to tread tricky waters in a war-torn area Mahabharata, Baahubali, 2.0, Sangamithra: With big budgets come bigger risks Raveena Tandon skeptical about starring in Andaz Apna Apna sequel; here's her hilarious reason Baahubali 2's Karnataka release in jeopardy; did trade disagreement snowball into political row? The Guardians of the Galaxy will Jhoom Jhoom Jhoom Baba to classic Bappi Lahiri song Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News Fwire News AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses | Reuters AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses | Reuters FwireReutersApr, 20 2017 04:45:05 IST #Reuters By Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba American Express Co's (AXP.N) first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry.AmEx's shares rose 2.5 percent after the bell on Wednesday as the results and guidance indicated the company was starting to mitigate some of the impact of losing key partnerships last year, especially one with Costco Wholesale Corp (COST.O).Some of that impact was also blunted by AmEx spending heavily on marketing as well as on premium rewards to retain existing customers and woo new ones.The company, which has long catered to affluent customers, last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Citigroup Inc (C.N).However, AmEx is curbing costs in other areas to bolster margins and said it was on track to remove $1 billion from its expenses this year and was "very confident" of meeting its full-year profit forecast of $5.60-$5.80 per share. "As we move through 2017, we expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost-reduction initiatives and the seasonality of revenue," Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Campbell said on a call with analysts.Campbell has said in mid-January, after AmEx's fourth-quarter results, that earnings and revenue would be "uneven" in 2017.AmEx said first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders fell 13 percent to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, from a year earlier, which included some now discontinued partnerships. Analysts on average were expecting $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.KBW analyst Sanjay Sakhrani said AmEx did reasonably well, excluding Costco, and noted the company's growth had accelerated last year and continued in the latest quarter."The company has had to spend more to generate the types of growth ... and now we see them starting to pull back on the expenses, but still put up accelerated growth and I think that is what is encouraging," Sakhrani said. AmEx said it also benefited from higher net card fees and loan growth in the quarter.Card member spending increased 8 percent, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the loss of the Costco partnership, while net card fees rose 7 percent.Loans grew 11 percent, with more than half of the growth in U.S. consumer loans coming from existing customers.AmEx added 1.7 million new cards across its U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million worldwide in the quarter, slightly higher than the additions in the fourth quarter. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 20, 2017 04:45 am | Updated Date: Apr 20, 2017 04:45 am Also See Trump administration discussing military options on Syria: source | Reuters Roadside bomb kills 10 in Somalia's Lower Shabelle - military officer, residents | Reuters U.S.-educated Islamic State propagandist killed in Syria | Reuters UK could allow EU freedom of movement after Brexit, Boris Johnson says | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 20 KXIP Vs MI 2 Apr 21 KKR Vs GL 3 Apr 22 RPS Vs SRH 4 Apr 22 MI Vs DD 5 Apr 23 GL Vs KXIP Full Schedule Top Stories Kashmir unrest: Who is accountable for death of 2014's tranquility in the Valley? Indian-origin CEO May Spend Less Than a Month in Prison for 'Beating' Wife IPL 2017: Kane Williamson showed against DD why he can kill off teams just as effectively as David Warner Baahubali 2's Karnataka release in jeopardy; did trade disagreement snowball into political row? Should you invest in an active or passive fund? Petrol pumps to remain shut on Sundays: Fuel conscious? Or merely money-conscious? Babri Masjid case: BJP is with you, Amit Shah tells LK Advani after Supreme Court verdict Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs DEL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Delhi Daredevils by 15 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs BLR Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Gujarat Lions by 21 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PUN Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kings XI Punjab by 5 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Delhi Daredevils by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 27 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs GUJ Mumbai Indians beat Gujarat Lions by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs PUN Delhi Daredevils beat Kings XI Punjab by 51 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs HYD Kolkata Knight Riders beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 17 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs PNE Gujarat Lions beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs MUM - Apr 20th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs GUJ - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs HYD - Apr 22nd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs DEL - Apr 22nd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs PUN - Apr 23rd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs BLR - Apr 23rd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs PNE - Apr 24th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs HYD - Apr 25th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs KOL - Apr 26th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India IPL 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live launch coverage of ISS Expedition 51-52/Soyuz MS-04 NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC RADAR: Strong thunderstorms and heavy rain hitting parts of the Central US A view from Brooklyn to Manhattan Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Live look at the beach surf in Long Beach, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration By The Associated Press CARACAS, Venezuela  Apr 19, 2017, 8:29 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayThe Associated Press WATCH President Trump to sign executive order targeting foreign work visas 0 Shares Email President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration " Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News amid sexual misconduct allegations " Father of fallen Muslim-American soldier decries travel ban " Arkansas suffers 2 setbacks to multiple execution plan " VP Pence meets Indonesian president on Asia tour " Trump administration will review Iran nuclear deal despite compliance " Maine governor interrupted with 'Black lives matter' shouts " Trump extends private-sector health care program for vets " China says Ivanka Trump trademark requests handled properly " Florida state senator publicly apologizes for racial slurs " Brave beaver herds confused cattle in Canada " Tax refund vacations: 8 alluring trips " Luxurious New York City mansion on the market for $84.5 million " Starbucks calls shifting-color drink a Unicorn Frappuccino " Clock tower over the Trump hotel quietly reopens for tours " Ann Coulter vows to speak at Berkeley despite cancellation " Jeter, Bush join forces in bid to buy Marlins " 3 disciplined in death of Denver jail inmate in 2015 " Georgetown University renames buildings for enslaved people " UK police name suspect in east London nightclub acid attack " Turkey electoral board rejects request to annul referendum " Pilot error blamed for fatal California U2 spy plane crash " Nevada woman accused of faking son's death to raise money " 12 students hospitalized after Idaho school bus rolls over " Austrian town finds its hermit after international search " 5 takeaways from new book about Hillary Clinton's failed campaign " Former Hillary Clinton aide writing memoir " How a food writer struggling with mental illness found comfort through cooking " Anne Hathaway regrets 'not trusting' past director because she was a woman " Trial for Pulse gunman's wife could start next year " ANALYSIS: Georgia special election result lets both sides claim victory " Serena Williams is pregnant with her 1st child " Richard Simmons speaks out: 'I'm not missing, just a little under the weather' " Jennifer Hudson on who influenced her new Netflix movie role
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska American Homes 4 Rent Announces Pricing of Public Offering of 5.875% Series F Preferred Shares News provided by American Homes 4 Rent Apr 19, 2017, 18:36 ET Share this article AGOURA HILLS, Calif., April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- American Homes 4 Rent (NYSE: AMH) (the "Company") today announced that it has priced its previously announced underwritten public offering of 6,000,000 of its 5.875% Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares (the "Series F Preferred Shares") raising gross proceeds of approximately $150 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The Series F Preferred Shares have an initial liquidation preference of $25 per share. The offering is expected to close on April 24, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company also has granted to the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 900,000 Series F Preferred Shares at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount. The Company intends to apply to list the Series F Preferred Shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "AMHPRF." If the application is approved, the Company expects trading to commence 30 days after initial delivery of the Series F Preferred Shares. The Company will contribute the net proceeds from the offering to its operating partnership in exchange for Series F operating partnership units. The operating partnership intends to use the net proceeds from the contribution to repay indebtedness under its revolving credit facility and term loan facility. Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering, and Goldman, Sachs & Co., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and U.S. Bancorp Investment, Inc. are acting as co-managers for the offering. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification thereof under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement.  Copies of the final prospectus and final prospectus supplement relating to the offering may be obtained, when available, by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or from Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Attention: Equity Syndicate, 880 Carillon Parkway, St. Petersburg, Florida 33716, or via telephone: (800) 248-8863 or via email: prospectus@raymondjames.com; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, or via telephone (800) 294-1322 or via email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, or via telephone (866) 718-1649; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 608 2nd Avenue South, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55402, Attention: WFS Customer Service, or via telephone: (800) 645-3751 or via email: wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com. About American Homes 4 Rent American Homes 4 Rent (NYSE: AMH) is a leader in the single-family home rental industry and "American Homes 4 Rent" is fast becoming a nationally recognized brand for rental homes, known for high quality, good value and tenant satisfaction. We are an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust, or REIT, focused on acquiring, renovating, leasing, and operating attractive, single-family homes as rental properties. As of December 31, 2016, we owned approximately 48,422 single-family properties, in selected submarkets in 22 states. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements." These forward-looking statements relate to beliefs, expectations or intentions and similar statements concerning matters that are not of historical fact and are generally accompanied by words such as "estimate," "project," "predict," "believe," "expect," "intend," "anticipate," "potential," "plan," "goal" or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to complete the offering and the intended use of net proceeds. The Company has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations and assumptions about future events. While the Company's management considers these expectations to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control. These and other important factors, including "Risk Factors" disclosed in, or incorporated by reference into, the prospectus from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in the Company's subsequent filings with the SEC, may cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from anticipated results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Contact:  American Homes 4 Rent  Investor Relations  Phone: (855) 794-2447  Email: investors@ah4r.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/american-homes-4-rent-announces-pricing-of-public-offering-of-5875-series-f-preferred-shares-300442345.html SOURCE American Homes 4 Rent Apr 19, 2017, 08:52 ET Preview: American Homes 4 Rent Announces Public Offering of Series F Preferred Shares My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 19, 2017, 08:52 ETAmerican Homes 4 Rent Announces Public Offering of Series F... Apr 11, 2017, 17:00 ETAmerican Homes 4 Rent Announces Standard & Poor's Rating Services... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Real Estate Residential Real Estate Stock Offering You just read: American Homes 4 Rent Announces Pricing of Public Offering of 5.875% Series F Preferred Shares News provided by American Homes 4 Rent Apr 19, 2017, 18:36 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Main Menu News Subscribe About Us Advertise Shop Print Edition Jobs Donate Campaigns Contact More Print Edition Campaigns Jobs Advertise Contact News Categories Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Account Management Login / Register THE PEOPLE'S DAILY FIGHTING FUND YOU'VE RAISED: £5554 WE NEED: £12446 10 Days Remaining Donate Today Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Features Trump to make it easier for big firms to dodge tax Apr 2017 Thursday 20th posted by Morning Star in Features Instead of doling out new tax breaks to Wall Street, lawmakers should be working to make sure these profitable firms pay their fair share, says SARAH ANDERSON HAVE you paid all of your taxes yet? Wall Street banks typically pay much less than the official 35 per cent corporate tax rate. And yet after attacking Hillary Clinton for her ties to Wall Street, President Donald Trump is pushing reforms that would make it even easier for big banks to rig the tax rules and skip out on paying their fair share. Nine of the largest and most profitable US banks paid an average federal tax rate of only 18.6 per cent between 2008 and 2015, according to a new paper co-published by the Institute for Policy Studies and several tax and Wall Street reform groups. By using various loopholes, these banks avoided paying about $80 billion that could’ve gone towards urgent public needs, like fixing our crumbling infrastructure and expanding preschool programmes. Under Trump’s plan, tax-dodging banks would pay even less. The official rate would drop to 15 per cent, and they’d still benefit from loopholes that would let them pay even lower rates. One of the biggest loopholes allows US banks and other large corporations to use “creative accounting” to shift profits earned in the US to foreign nations with low or no corporate taxes. Corporations still owe US taxes on these profits, but they can put off paying them indefinitely. Wouldn’t it be nice if you could just send Uncle Sam an IOU every year? Financial firms are particularly good at this offshore tax-dodging game. The six largest US banks (Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Wells Fargo) have set up more than 2,300 subsidiaries in tax havens like Bermuda and the Cayman Islands. In 2016, they were holding nearly $150bn in profits offshore. Trump’s tax plan would slash the rate on those offshore profits to just 10 per cent, saving the banks an estimated $25bn. When these tax discounts on offshore profits have been tried in the past, they didn’t help bring back US jobs. Instead of doling out new tax breaks to Wall Street, lawmakers should be working to make sure these profitable firms pay their fair share. After all, these are the guys who drove our economy off a cliff with their recklessness and greed in 2008. After the crash, taxpayers put them on a path back to profitability with massive bailouts. Where is all that money going today? While much of the country continues to struggle with widespread unemployment, losing their homes and skinny budgets, Wall Street’s high profits are once again driving sky-high pay for executives. At Citigroup, for example, a bank that wouldn’t exist today if it hadn’t been bailed out, CEO Michael Corbat made more than $42 million over the past three years. One practical way to generate much-needed revenue from Wall Street would be through a tax on short-term speculation. Working families pay sales taxes when they buy essentials like gas and shoes. But when Wall Street traders buy millions of dollars in stocks or derivatives and sell them a split second later, they don’t pay any tax at all. A tiny fee at rates of a few pennies per $100 of trading of stocks, bonds, and derivatives would raise massive revenue while discouraging the short-term speculation that produces no real economic value and makes markets less stable. Lawmakers should also consider using tax policy to discourage banks from taking on dangerous levels of debt. Reckless, excessive borrowing among so-called “too big to fail” banks was one of the key causes of the financial crisis. A small tax on big bank liabilities could raise significant money while preventing future bailouts. Trump’s tax giveaways to Wall Street and other big corporations won’t create good jobs or help Main Street businesses. As in the past, they’ll just line the pockets of executives. This article appeared at peoplesworld.org. Related Tags: Donald Trump Sarah Anderson It looks like you've got Adblock Plus installed. The Morning Star relies on advertising revenue — please consider unsubscribing or placing us on Adblock Plus' whitelist. Owned By Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter Subscribe Have the Morning Star at your fingertips, wherever you are. Subscribe Now Latest It’s On! MPs Back Vote North Korea: US’s sword is ready to chop Pyongyang Syria: Evacuations restart after terrorist attack ‘Stop arms sales after rigged vote’ Advertisement The Morning Star All Rights Reserved Owned by Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter Info Privacy Policy Terms of Use Returns Policy Published by Companies House Number: IP12750R Registered office: William Rust House, 52 Beachy Road, London E3 2NS, UK Telephone: 020 8510 0815 Website Designed and Developed by LemonDigits Ltd
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses By Reuters Published: 18:59 EDT, 19 April 2017 | Updated: 18:59 EDT, 19 April 2017 e-mail By Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba April 19 (Reuters) - American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. AmEx's shares rose 2.5 percent after the bell on Wednesday as the results and guidance indicated the company was starting to mitigate some of the impact of losing key partnerships last year, especially one with Costco Wholesale Corp. Some of that impact was also blunted by AmEx spending heavily on marketing as well as on premium rewards to retain existing customers and woo new ones. The company, which has long catered to affluent customers, last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co and Citigroup Inc. However, AmEx is curbing costs in other areas to bolster margins and said it was on track to remove $1 billion from its expenses this year and was "very confident" of meeting its full-year profit forecast of $5.60-$5.80 per share. "As we move through 2017, we expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost-reduction initiatives and the seasonality of revenue," Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Campbell said on a call with analysts. Campbell has said in mid-January, after AmEx's fourth-quarter results, that earnings and revenue would be "uneven" in 2017. AmEx said first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders fell 13 percent to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, from a year earlier, which included some now discontinued partnerships. Analysts on average were expecting $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. KBW analyst Sanjay Sakhrani said AmEx did reasonably well, excluding Costco, and noted the company's growth had accelerated last year and continued in the latest quarter. "The company has had to spend more to generate the types of growth ... and now we see them starting to pull back on the expenses, but still put up accelerated growth and I think that is what is encouraging," Sakhrani said. AmEx said it also benefited from higher net card fees and loan growth in the quarter. Card member spending increased 8 percent, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the loss of the Costco partnership, while net card fees rose 7 percent. Loans grew 11 percent, with more than half of the growth in U.S. consumer loans coming from existing customers. AmEx added 1.7 million new cards across its U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million worldwide in the quarter, slightly higher than the additions in the fourth quarter. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway Heating things up 'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new music video... shot the day before terror attack Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Romantic vacation 'Don't say that!' Sam Faiers scolds beau Paul Knightley as he BLASTS Loose Women panel with foul-mouthed slur... after they slam him for THAT kiss Time to Chris and make-up? Jesy Nelson taunts ex Clark as she flashes assets in sexy red leather bralet as Little Mix star prepares to 'paint the town red' Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA Flaunted her bump in a clinging low-cut number  What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her 'Lock up daughters and crowbars!': Corrie viewers AGHAST as Tina McIntyre's killer Rob Donovan makes return to the cobbles to meet Tracy Barlow 'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together How romantic Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  EXCLUSIVE: 'She met up with him and they went to a pool party': TOWIE's Kate Wright 'enjoyed dates with Rio Ferdinand in Dubai'... as poses in swimwear Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester) 'It's all a lot looser': Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd makes VERY lewd profession about pregnant star on Mummy Diaries... as fans fawn over Nelly She snaps back quick! Slender Amanda Seyfried makes first red carpet appearance with Thomas Sadoski after giving birth last month Return to spotlight So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Full family outing  Oh not again, Abbey! Bleary-eyed Clancy appears worse for wear as she is guided into car by husband Peter Crouch following star-studded dinner TOWIE's Courtney Green enjoys campsite night with beau Myles Barnett in saucy reunion... as Chloe Lewis admits to sex on the beach That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and patterned tights in London Gone with the wind! Lucy Mecklenburgh almost suffers a serious wardrobe faux pas when her bright orange floral dress blows up as she heads out in LA All that glitters! Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown as she attends Harper's Bazaar bash in New York Got her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash Ready to have fun 'Where has he been hiding?' Pregnant Binky Felstead shares a treasured family throwback... as fans go crazy for her 'hot' older brother Oliver Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  Hollywood nights Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles All bundled up  in sweats and a bomber jacket Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA Looked in fine form Emmerdale star Lucy Pargeter, 40, joyously announces arrival of twin daughters with fiancé Rudi Coleano... after conceiving using IVF Lily Aldridge flashes flesh in gold velvet dress with asymmetric rear sash at World Of Children Hero Awards She's no stranger to showing a bit of skin TOWIE star Ferne McCann 'dumps' her boyfriend after police 'find guns and drugs' at his home and hunt him over nightclub acid attack  Beaming Lisa Snowdon dazzles in flirty frilled blouse as she cosies up to dashing fiancé George Smart at star-studded art gallery bash Bust date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson A very plunging dress for her night out  All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC Warm spring temperatures  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'too soon' to start dating again following the tragic death of her husband René Angélil Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled An all-star cast EXCLUSIVE Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead 'Do not disturb!' Make-up free Ashley James shows off her incredible body in sexy 'mankini' style bikini as she relaxes in hammock after swim on idyllic Mexican holiday Pretty in pink! Priyanka Chopra takes the plunge in cutout dress at Harper's Bazaar's 150th anniversary party Miss World 2000 Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her age-defying figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway JoJo Fletcher and Jordan Rodgers wear matching leather jackets as they share a kiss at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere Dressing together Matching cleavage! Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event Former supermodel 'We talk about children. All the time!' Geordie Shore's Charlotte Crosby reveals she's 'baby mad' and has already picked out names Teddy and Wolf with beau Stephen Bear 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises' RHOC star Missé Beqiri adds fuel to pregnancy speculation with beau Jake Hall as she strategically masks her stomach... yet swiftly DELETES and replaces shot She wasn't EX-pecting to see him! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in VERY sexy lace bustier top as attends same private view as her former MIC flame Spencer Matthews 'Double trouble': Alexa Chung wears playful slogan T-shirt with oversized fluffy jacket and cropped jeans as she touches down in LA  New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot Snap, snapping away Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mum' 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian 'I love the big guy!' Delta Goodrem continues to fuel romance rumours with The Voice co-star Seal while chatting to Today's Karl Stefanovic...who jokes about their own tabloid 'relationship' A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood 'It's going to be a scarier version': Chris Pratt teases the storyline behind upcoming sequel Jurassic World 2 Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her blossoming bump in a jumpsuit on Instagram... just a day after celebrating her 30th birthday 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album Baby on board! Katherine Heigl slips on motorcycle jacket and jeans for flight out of LAX with four-month-old son Joshua Jr. Newly single Mel B wows in a striped blue dress as she steps out for meeting... after it's revealed star will join Spice Girls reunion following split from 'unnerving' Stephen Belafonte Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Looking incredible Caitlyn Jenner steps out after revealing she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage  Lauren Goodger shrouds her curves in a grey T-shirt and black leggings as she heads to the gym... after putting on a bodacious bikini display in Dubai Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Fab in florals! Tyra Banks is radiant in colorful pantsuit at star-studded Freeform Upfront event Khloe Kardashian rocks track pants after visiting Tristan Thompson...as it's claimed she is 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over new tell-all book PICTURED: Ferne McCann kisses bad boy beau Arthur Collins in happier times... as she demands he turns himself in to police over nightclub acid attack When life gives you lemons! Defiant Vicky Pattison hits back at weight gain claims in VERY busty yellow bikini... as fans laud her 'phenomenal' looks Millie Mackintosh exudes Grecian goddess glamour in a halterneck ivory gown as she jets over to Monaco for her SIXTH getaway in just four months 'Hell NO, I'm not pregnant': Coronation Street's Tina O'Brien forced to deny she's expecting her third child after fans tweet about her on-screen 'bump'  No lady Doctor in the Tardis (for now): BBC writes to worried fan to 'assure' them that Peter Capaldi's replacement WON'T be a woman 'He's funny... and has a big c***': Heather Locklear crudely reveals the appeal of ex David Spade amid his romance with Naya Rivera Jon Hamm's kidnapper divorces the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in new season three trailer Showing him what he's missing! Mariah Carey, 47, flaunts her generous chest in low-cut LBD after split from beau Bryan Tanaka, 34 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man and was 'prepared to lose everything' Get ready beauty lovers! Kylie Jenner gives her fans a sneak peek at new KKW make-up collaboration with sister Kim Kardashian after teasing the collection in a video  Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace 'What a fantastic day!' Jessica Ennis-Hill is joined by dapper husband Andy Hill as she's made a Dame by Duke of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace Ronnie Wood's ex Jo is left 'furious' after she was thrown off an overbooked easyJet flight on her way home from Easter break  My mini me! Low-key Jenna Dewan enjoys girls' day out with adorable daughter Everly Happy days  Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Things working out? Hilary Duff shows off toned legs in skintight leggings as she exercises with (and stares adoringly at) ex Jason Walsh Getting her smile back: Billie Lourd is cheered up by beau Taylor Lautner as she puts on a leggy display during shopping trip Ready to mingle? Brad Pitt 'has been dating a bit' just six months after split with Angelina Jolie The actor 'has been dating' according report from People magazine. Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  'I didn't want to fail this child!': Katherine Heigl says she deliberated for nine months before naming son after husband Joshua Kelley Happy birthday sweetie! Katie Holmes unveils three cakes for daughter Suri's 11th birthday party... while Tom Cruise jets around Europe Out of this world! Gigi Hadid wears NASA cap with oversized sweats on casual solo outing in New York The 21-year-old covered up while on a solo outing Strike a pose! Ashley Graham flashes her cleavage and shapely legs in slinky LBD for New York photo shoot Showing all her best bits Doting dad! Ben Affleck steps out with son Samuel... after it's revealed Jennifer Garner 'waited to file for divorce until after his rehab stint' Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James 'Nothing to see here!' Rachel Riley left red-faced after cheeky Countdown spelling incident... as viewers take to Twitter in amusement The 70s called... Tallia Storm flaunts  abs in tiny pink crop top and patterned flares...after revealing she's moved on from Brooklyn with mystery older man VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'You lazy cows are still in bed?' Abbey Clancy joins forces with her personal trainer brother to put the BNTM girls through their paces 'People don't want to know you!' BNTM's first transgender model Talulah-Eve poses in her underwear... as she reveals tension with Abbey Clancy Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris 'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression' Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami 'Claustrophobia rocks!' Josh Brolin begins pre-production for Deadpool 2 with face cast as Cable Stop the music! Prince's estate sues his long-time sound engineer over planned release of six unheard tracks from the late singer, citing 'theft and misappropriation of trade secrets' Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle NFL stars and Snoop Dog slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben Affleck until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous Pregnant Chanelle Hayes debuts her bare baby bump in a stunning shoot... after revealing she's expecting a second boy  Glowing 'I was LIVING': Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video EXCLUSIVE 'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby return at Cannes Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans 'I'm going to mention it in my Christmas card': Julia Roberts receives People's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a FIFTH time... beating pal George Clooney record Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama A Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family 'I want to do it justice for survivors': Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon defends her grooming storyline... after it's revealed the character will be raped Gail Porter flashes a smile as she steps out in London... three months after revealing her bankruptcy woes The TV presenter, 46, was seen smiling  Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film The Promise on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's release in an attempt to discredit Armenian genocide Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit the latest issue of Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Kate's show of support: Dressed-down Duchess of Cambridge hosts a reception for Heads Together Marathon runners at Kensington Palace 'It is horrible that people can do that': Elsa Pataky weighs in on celebrity photo hacking and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones Defiant Chloe Sims steps out in casual blue shirt for TOWIE filming amid explosive rivalry with Megan McKenna over her ex Pete Wicks Drama to one side 'Be with someone you'd want your daughter to be with': Jamie O'Hara takes a thinly veiled dig at Ferne McCann His cousin was a victim Boyfriend of TOWIE's Ferne McCann pictured living the high-life and swigging champagne just days before becoming a suspect in acid attack 'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in Hollywood 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ Open and honest  'He brings joy into our lives!' Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears Geordie Shore's Elettra Lamborghini leaves Chloe Ferry in tears as she gets STEAMY in the shower with Marty McKenna... with backlash from fans 'Hard work pays off!' MIC's Louise Thompson displays her gym-honed six-pack as she goes braless in a bandeau top  Body beautiful Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney 'Are you obsessed with dieting?' Loose Women cause a Twitter storm for probing fantastic looking Rosemary Conley, 70, about her weight Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she pines for Coachella in throwback snap Pining for the sunshine 'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good' 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?' Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Super WAG Coleen Rooney grabs a cup of coffee on the go as she runs early morning errands around Cheshire in paint splattered sweater Nick Knowles looks dapper as he leaves BBC studios ahead of his new presenting role in collaboration with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 'Always wants what she can't have!' Stephanie Davis lashes out at 'compulsive liar' Danielle Armstrong in support of TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou 'No one knows anything about us': Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before first fashion campaign The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof Joking about the highly publicised incident Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills Opted to make a humanitarian statement 'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49 'I don't MEAN to swear - it just slips out!' Gordon Ramsay insists his notorious penchant for bad language is not intentional... and that his mother tells him off for it Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  Chose a fitted dress 'My FAT driver is questioning my health': Outraged Size 22 model Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol Chloe Madeley flaunts her incredibly gym-honed frame in a skimpy red bikini... as she jokes about her holiday diet taking its toll Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser Lee Ryan erupts into a fit of giggles as Eamonn Holmes accidentally introduces him as a Blue Peter presenter in hilarious live TV gaffe Not that squeaky clean Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London Make-up free Jessie Wallace keeps it casual in workout leggings and a baggy tee as she runs errands Worlds away from leopard print-loving Kat EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris The supermodel caught the eye of many Prince Harry insists he was just 'doing his bit' by revealing his mental health battles after his mother's death - and says Diana would be 'encouraged' to see it Tangerine dream! Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging keyhole swimwear as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway 'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lack Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman American Homes 4 Rent Announces Pricing of Public Offering of 5.875% Series F Preferred Shares AGOURA HILLS, Calif., April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- American Homes 4 Rent (NYSE: AMH) (the "Company") today announced that it has priced its previously announced underwritten public offering of 6,000,000 of its 5.875% Series F Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares (the "Series F Preferred Shares") raising gross proceeds of approximately $150 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The Series F Preferred Shares have an initial liquidation preference of $25 per share. The offering is expected to close on April 24, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company also has granted to the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 900,000 Series F Preferred Shares at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount. The Company intends to apply to list the Series F Preferred Shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "AMHPRF." If the application is approved, the Company expects trading to commence 30 days after initial delivery of the Series F Preferred Shares. The Company will contribute the net proceeds from the offering to its operating partnership in exchange for Series F operating partnership units. The operating partnership intends to use the net proceeds from the contribution to repay indebtedness under its revolving credit facility and term loan facility. Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering, and Goldman, Sachs & Co., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and U.S. Bancorp Investment, Inc. are acting as co-managers for the offering. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification thereof under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement.  Copies of the final prospectus and final prospectus supplement relating to the offering may be obtained, when available, by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or from Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Attention: Equity Syndicate, 880 Carillon Parkway, St. Petersburg, Florida 33716, or via telephone: (800) 248-8863 or via email: prospectus@raymondjames.com; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, or via telephone (800) 294-1322 or via email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, or via telephone (866) 718-1649; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 608 2nd Avenue South, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55402, Attention: WFS Customer Service, or via telephone: (800) 645-3751 or via email: wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com. About American Homes 4 Rent American Homes 4 Rent (NYSE: AMH) is a leader in the single-family home rental industry and "American Homes 4 Rent" is fast becoming a nationally recognized brand for rental homes, known for high quality, good value and tenant satisfaction. We are an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust, or REIT, focused on acquiring, renovating, leasing, and operating attractive, single-family homes as rental properties. As of December 31, 2016, we owned approximately 48,422 single-family properties, in selected submarkets in 22 states. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements." These forward-looking statements relate to beliefs, expectations or intentions and similar statements concerning matters that are not of historical fact and are generally accompanied by words such as "estimate," "project," "predict," "believe," "expect," "intend," "anticipate," "potential," "plan," "goal" or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to complete the offering and the intended use of net proceeds. The Company has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations and assumptions about future events. While the Company's management considers these expectations to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control. These and other important factors, including "Risk Factors" disclosed in, or incorporated by reference into, the prospectus from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in the Company's subsequent filings with the SEC, may cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from anticipated results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Contact:  American Homes 4 Rent  Investor Relations  Phone: (855) 794-2447  Email: investors@ah4r.com   SOURCE American Homes 4 Rent CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Offerings, Real Estate, Residential Real Estate Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automotive Hub Bearing Market Will Increase CAGR by 8.5% Annually Till 2022 Next PostNext CBBC Bancorp Reports March 31, 2017, Quarter-End Results Search Recent Posts Chula Vista Elementary School District Promotes Community Wellness Through School Gardens City of Chula Vista Building New Facilities for local Elementary School District The Chula Vista Elementary School District Leads the Way for South County Tahoe Resources Announces Details Of Annual General Meeting And First Quarter 2017 Conference Call And Webcast AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. Provides Additional Financial Disclosure Related to Recent Acquisitions and Announces Timing for First Quarter 2017 Results and Conference Call Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: April 20, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Business Live Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lennar Prices $650 Million Of Senior Notes Due 2024 At 4.50% MIAMI, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lennar Corporation (NYSE: LEN and LEN.B) announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of $650 million of 4.50% Senior Notes due 2024 (the "Notes"). The sale of the Notes is expected to close on April 28, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company plans to use the proceeds from the offering, which are estimated to be approximately $645.8 million, after underwriting fees but before expenses, for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of debt, which may include the repayment, redemption or repurchase of the Company's 12.25% senior notes due June 2017 and/or the Company's 6.875% senior notes due 2021, which are callable at 103.4% of their principal amount in August 2017. The Company expects to realize annualized interest savings of approximately $37 million if the net proceeds of $645.8 million from the offering, together with cash on hand, are used to repay $400 million in principal amount of its 12.25% senior notes in June 2017 and to redeem $250 million in principal amount of its 6.875% senior notes in August 2017. The Notes will have an interest rate of 4.50% per annum and will pay interest semi-annually on April 30 and October 30, commencing October 30, 2017. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Goldman, Sachs & Co., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as Joint Book-Running Managers in the offering. Fifth Third Securities, Inc. is acting as Co-Manager in the offering. The Company has an effective registration statement, including a prospectus and a preliminary prospectus supplement for the offering, on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement, including the preliminary prospectus supplement for the offering, and other documents that the Company has filed and will file with the SEC for more complete information about the Company and the offering. You may obtain a copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the final prospectus supplement, when available, without charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of any of those documents may be obtained from Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attn.: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005-2836, Email: prospectus.CPDG@db.com, Tel: (800) 503-4611. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. About Lennar Lennar Corporation, founded in 1954, is one of the nation's largest builders of quality homes for all generations. The Company builds affordable, move-up and retirement homes primarily under the Lennar brand name. Lennar's Financial Services segment provides mortgage financing, title insurance and closing services for both buyers of the Company's homes and others. Lennar's Rialto segment is a vertically integrated asset management platform focused on investing throughout the commercial real estate capital structure. Lennar's Multifamily segment is a nationwide developer of high-quality multifamily rental properties. Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Some of the statements in this press release, and in the prospectus and the prospectus supplement referred to in it, are "forward-looking statements," as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the expected closing of the offering of the Notes, the intended use of proceeds and the interest savings from the intended use of proceeds. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Accordingly, these forward-looking statements should be evaluated with consideration given to the many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the risk that the offering of the Notes cannot be successfully completed, the risk that we will not use the proceeds in the manner anticipated and including those risks detailed in the Company's filings with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2016, and the prospectus and prospectus supplement delivered in connection with the offering. It is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors or to assess the impact of such risks on our business. Accordingly, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.   SOURCE Lennar Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsConstruction/Building, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fetal Doppler Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Valmont Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts High Temperature Screw Flooded Chiller Market Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production and Production Value & Forecast 2017-2022 Mueller Water Products Announces Quarterly Dividend Tesco Corporation Schedules First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call for May 9th Spanish Broadcasting System Schedules Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Conference Call Industrial Refrigeration Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lowe’s Prices $3.0 Billion Notes Offering MOORESVILLE, N.C., April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lowe's Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) announced today it has agreed to sell $1.50 billion of 3.100% Notes due 2027 and $1.50 billion of 4.050% Notes due 2047 (collectively, the "Notes"). Estimated net proceeds from this offering will be approximately $2.96 billion, after deducting offering expenses and underwriters' discounts. Lowe's plans to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes (i) to fund its purchase for cash of up to $1.6 billion combined aggregate principal amount of certain outstanding notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase in the tender offer it commenced today, (ii) for the repayment of $250 million aggregate principal amount at maturity of its 6.100% Notes due September 15, 2017 and (iii) for other general corporate purposes. Closing is expected to occur on May 3, 2017, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. are acting as joint book-running managers for the notes offering. This offering was made under an effective registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy or an offer to purchase any securities. Any offers to sell, or solicitations to buy, will be made solely by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. A copy of the prospectus and related prospectus supplement for this offering may be obtained from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, 200 North College Street, NC1-004-03-43, Charlotte, NC  28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, Telephone: 1-800-294-1322, Email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 3rd Floor, Telephone: 1-212-834-4533; or SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., 303 Peachtree Street, Atlanta, GA 30308, Attention: Prospectus Dept., Telephone: 1-800-685-4786, Facsimile: 404-926-5027, Email: STRHdocs@SunTrust.com.  The tender offer is being made only pursuant to an Offer to Purchase dated April 19, 2017 and a related Letter of Transmittal, which set forth the terms and conditions of the tender offer, and only in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Included herein are forward-looking statements, including statements with respect to an anticipated financing. There are many factors that affect management's views about future events and trends of the business and operations of the company, all as more thoroughly described in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking information included in this release or any of its public filings. About Lowe's Lowe's Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving more than 17 million customers a week in the United States, Canada and Mexico. With fiscal year 2016 sales of $65.0 billion, Lowe's and its related businesses operate or service 2,365 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 290,000 people. Founded in 1946 and based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe's supports the communities it serves through programs that focus on K-12 public education and community improvement projects. For more information, visit www.Lowes.com. SOURCE Lowe's Companies, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFurniture and Furnishings, Home Improvements, Household Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dreams Fulfilled Beyond Curb Appeal at Chantilly, VA Wedding Venue Next PostNext Glaucoma Surgical Equipments Market Insights: Business Opportunities, Current Trends and Restraints Forecast 2021 Search Recent Posts EPA Administrator Visits Contaminated Site in East Chicago, Pledges Coordinated Cleanup Among Federal, State and Local Partners CELADON SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK & FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS WITH LOSSES IN EXCESS OF $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Celadon Group Inc. – (CGI) First patients at Vanderbilt University Medical Center implanted in EndoStim’s LESS GERD clinical trial for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) Arak Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Vitalwerteder Athleten werden bei einer Live Online-Übertragung der Panasonic Open Golf Championship 2017 sichtbar Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Keane Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Keane Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mammoth Energy Services Inc (TUSK) Receives “Buy” Rating from Instinet Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Instinet William Blair Equities Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Genpact Limited (G) WealthTrust Arizona LLC Has $316,000 Stake in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC Lowers Stake in Valero Energy Co. (VLO) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Abbott Laboratories Raised by Jefferies Group (ABT) Boston Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Boston Advisors LLC Has $29.096 Million Position in Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. (DPS) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc (WHLR) Shares Sold by Orinda Asset Management LLC -$0.53 EPS Expected for Trevena Inc (TRVN) This Quarter Cabot Microelectronics Co. (CCMP) Position Maintained by Kessler Investment Group LLC 14,624 Shares in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Acquired by Kessler Investment Group LLC Zacks: Brokerages Expect Arc Logistics Partners LP (ARCX) Will Announce Earnings of $0.22 Per Share Arc Logistics Partners LP (ARCX) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $26.77 Million Allegiance Bancshares Inc (ABTX) Stake Held by Academy Capital Management Inc. TX Post Holdings Inc (POST) Stock Rating Lowered by Vertical Group Patten & Patten Inc. TN Has $13.675 Million Position in PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Smith Graham & Co. Investment Advisors LP Has $11.099 Million Stake in EnerSys (ENS) Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Receives Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Instinet April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Keane Group Inc (NASDAQ:FRAC)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reissued by analysts at Instinet in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. They presently have a $17.00 price target on the stock. Instinet’s price target indicates a potential upside of 19.13% from the stock’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on FRAC. BMO Capital Markets began coverage on Keane Group in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $17.00 target price on the stock. Nomura began coverage on Keane Group in a report on Wednesday. They set a “neutral” rating and a $17.00 target price on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies began coverage on Keane Group in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $24.50 target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Keane Group in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $27.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co began coverage on Keane Group in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $27.00 target price on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. Keane Group currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $23.35. Shares of Keane Group (NASDAQ:FRAC) traded down 3.65% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $14.27. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,001,986 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $15.67 and its 200-day moving average price is $17.89. The company’s market capitalization is $1.47 billion. Keane Group has a 1-year low of $13.68 and a 1-year high of $22.93. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/keane-group-inc-frac-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-instinet.html. In other news, major shareholder Keane Investor Holdings Llc sold 15,074,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.00, for a total transaction of $286,406,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 72,239,439 shares in the company, valued at $1,372,549,341. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of FRAC. Viking Fund Management LLC acquired a new stake in Keane Group during the first quarter valued at about $5,148,000. Creative Planning acquired a new stake in Keane Group during the first quarter valued at about $177,000. Finally, Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Keane Group during the first quarter valued at $15,571,000. Keane Group Company Profile Keane Group, Inc is provider of integrated well completion services in the United States, with a focus on demanding completion solutions. The Company’s segments include Completion Services, which comprises hydraulic fracturing and wireline divisions, and Other Services, which consists of coiled tubing, cementing and drilling divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Keane Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Keane Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lowe’s Prices $3.0 Billion Notes Offering MOORESVILLE, N.C., April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) announced today it has agreed to sell $1.50 billion of 3.100% Notes due 2027 and $1.50 billion of 4.050% Notes due 2047 (collectively, the „Notes”). Estimated net proceeds from this offering will be approximately $2.96 billion, after deducting offering expenses and underwriters’ discounts. Lowe’s plans to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes (i) to fund its purchase for cash of up to $1.6 billion combined aggregate principal amount of certain outstanding notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase in the tender offer it commenced today, (ii) for the repayment of $250 million aggregate principal amount at maturity of its 6.100% Notes due September 15, 2017 and (iii) for other general corporate purposes. Closing is expected to occur on May 3, 2017, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. are acting as joint book-running managers for the notes offering. This offering was made under an effective registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy or an offer to purchase any securities. Any offers to sell, or solicitations to buy, will be made solely by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. A copy of the prospectus and related prospectus supplement for this offering may be obtained from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, 200 North College Street, NC1-004-03-43, Charlotte, NC  28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, Telephone: 1-800-294-1322, Email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 3rd Floor, Telephone: 1-212-834-4533; or SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., 303 Peachtree Street, Atlanta, GA 30308, Attention: Prospectus Dept., Telephone: 1-800-685-4786, Facsimile: 404-926-5027, Email: STRHdocs@SunTrust.com.  The tender offer is being made only pursuant to an Offer to Purchase dated April 19, 2017 and a related Letter of Transmittal, which set forth the terms and conditions of the tender offer, and only in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Included herein are forward-looking statements, including statements with respect to an anticipated financing. There are many factors that affect management’s views about future events and trends of the business and operations of the company, all as more thoroughly described in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking information included in this release or any of its public filings. About Lowe’s Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving more than 17 million customers a week in the United States, Canada and Mexico. With fiscal year 2016 sales of $65.0 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service 2,365 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 290,000 people. Founded in 1946 and based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs that focus on K-12 public education and community improvement projects. For more information, visit www.Lowes.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lowes-prices-30-billion-notes-offering-300442216.html SOURCE Lowe’s Companies, Inc. Related Links http://www.lowes.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Attorney Grievance v. Tivvis Next PostNext U.S. Veterinary Infusion Pumps Market Overview – Key Futuristic Trends and Competitive Landscape 2021 Search Recent Posts Endodontic Micromotors Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Root Canal Obturator Market Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis to 2022 Dental Surgical Ultrasonic Generators Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2017 – 2021 Dental Prophylaxis Micromotors Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts 2021 Root Canal Irrigatos Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application; Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin Analysis to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News EBay, American Express, Qualcomm, CSX Move On Late Earnings BILL PETERS 6:08 PM ET Reprints Loading the player... Dow Jones industrial average American Express (AXP), eBay (EBAY), Qualcomm (QCOM), CSX (CSX) and United Rentals (URI) and Steel Dynamics (STLD) all topped quarterly earnings estimates after Wednesday's closing bell. EBay Estimates: Wall Street expects the online auction site to report fiscal Q2 EPS of 48 cents, up 2%, on revenue of $2.21 billion, up 5%. Results: EPS was 49 cents, revenue was $2.22 billion. Gross merchandise volume $20.9 billion. Outlook: EBay sees Q2 EPS of 43-45 cents and sales of $2.28 billion to $2.32 billion vs. views for EPS of 47 cents and revenue of $2.32 billion. For the full year it sees adjusted EPS of $1.98 billion to $2.03 billion vs. estimates of $2.21. Full-year revenue guidance of $9.3 billion to $9.5 billion is below the consensus for $9.96 billion. Stock: Shares of eBay sank 2% in late trading. Shares closed down 0.5% at 33.85 in the stock market today, still in range at that time from a 32.95 buy point. Investors are likely to focus on the overall value of the items sold on eBay, RBC said recently. The firm also said Amazon (AMZN), Facebook (FB) and Alphabet (GOOGL) have emerged as competitors. American Express Estimates: Wall Street expects the credit-card issuer to report first-quarter EPS down 12% to $1.28, with revenue slipping 4.2% to $7.75 billion. Results: American Express earned $1.34, with revenue of $7.89 billion. Stock: American Express rose 2% in after-hours action. Shares closed off 0.3%, trying to hold support at the bottom end of a flat base. American Express got hit last year after the company lost its card partnership with Costco (COST). The company is also battling it out with JPMorgan Chase (JPM) to offer a better high-end, high-fee card, after Chase's Visa (V) Sapphire grabbed attention. Visa, another Dow component, will report earnings on Thursday. Unlike American Express, Visa does not hold card balances, which are kept by issuing banks like Chase. RELATED: Dow Stock American Express Ups Ante In High-Fee, High-End Card Race Qualcomm Estimates: Fiscal Q2 EPS up 14% to $1.19; revenue up 6% to $5.89 billion. Results: EPS of $1.34, revenue of $5.99 billion. Outlook: Qualcomm sees Q3 EPS of 90 cents to $1.15 vs. the consensus for $1.10. It expects revenue of $5.3 billion to $6.1 billion vs. analyst forecasts for $5.95 billion. Stock: Qualcomm rose more than 2% in after-hours action. Shares of the wireless chipmaker closed down 0.1%, after sinking last week following sluggish sales from Taiwan Semiconductor (TSM) and legal issues. Mizuho analyst Vijay Rakesh recently wrote that market-share gains with China's major handset makers could help Qualcomm, even as the handset market in that nation shows some weakness, RELATED: Qualcomm Loses BlackBerry Arbitration Amid Apple Dispute Qualcomm: Apple Misled On Intel Chip Performance In iPhone 7 CSX Estimates: A Q1 EPS jump of 16% to 43 cents. The railroad operator's revenue is expected to rise 5.5% to $2.76 billion. Results: Adjusted EPS of 51 cents, revenue climbed 10%. Stock:  CSX shares rose nearly 3% in after-hours trading. CSX closed up 0.6%. The stock is in a flat base. Hunter Harrison, an executive known for finding ways to get more profits out of railroads, took over the rail operator last month. Steel Dynamics Estimates: Analysts expect the steel producer to report a 192% surge in Q1 EPS to 76 cents, with a 27% hike in revenue to $2.21 billion. Results: Steel Dynamics earned 82 cents a share on revenue of $2.4 billion. Stock: The steel maker reported at 6 p.m. ET, so trading was light following the results. Shares closed the regular session up 0.1%. The stock, like others in the steel sector, jumped after the election. But Steel Dynamics shares have cooled as expectations dim for how quickly the Trump administration might be able to carry out infrastructure investments and protectionist policies. Steel Dynamics and Nucor (NUE), which reports Thursday, already warned on Q1 results. RELATED: This 'Explosive' Protectionist Signal From Trump Looks Like A Dud United Rentals Estimates: EPS up 8.6% to $1.52, with revenue up 1.8% to $1.33 billion. Results: EPS was $1.63, revenue $1.356 billion. But United Rentals said rental rates are still under pressure. Outlook: United Rentals raised its full-year revenue target range to $6.05 billion to $6.25 billion from $5.75 billion to $5.95 billion. The analyst consensus is $6.05 billion. Stock: Shares fell 6% in after-hours trading on pricing concerns. United Rentals closed down 0.4%. United Rentals, which rents out construction and industrial equipment, also got a boost from Trump's potential infrastructure plans. Shares are currently in a flat base. BILL PETERS | Facebook | @IBD_BPeters Share this: Related news Stock Futures Lean Higher: Can Dow Find Support? 12:31 AM ET Stock futures rose slightly after the major averages closed Wednesday near session lows, with the Dow industrials hitting a 2-month... 12:31 AM ET Stock futures rose slightly after the major averages closed Wednesday... Qualcomm Beats Street Views For Second Quarter, Guides Lower 2 Dow Earnings Due But This Top Stock Is On Breakout Watch: Investing Action Plan EBay Meets Revenue Forecast, Beats On Earnings Dow's IBM Gets Price Cut, Goldman Upgraded, Oil Majors Downgraded Stock Indexes Go Nowhere, But 3 Major Stocks Are In Pain Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Qualcomm Sliced On Apple; Broadcom May Team Up For Toshiba Unit Futures: Dow Faces 62-Point Drag But These 2 E-Commerce Giants Are In Buy Range Today's Spotlight Are You Relying on Fake News or Real Data? The SEC is clamping down on content for financial news sites. See how IBD helps you avoid fake news. Don’t Miss The MoneyShow Join IBD investing experts for free workshops at Las Vegas and learn more about IBD products. Fastest Growing Companies Who are the biggest stock market winners among fastest growing companies? Check out our latest list. More News Lockheed's F-35, F-22 May Soon Face Their Most Serious Threat Yet Which Companies Are Now Outperforming 95% Of All Stocks? The Direxion Leveraged ETF Online Education Center helps you understand if leveraged ETFs are suitable for you. Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report (IBD/Shutterstock photo illustration) Best Fund Awards See which mutual funds have beaten the S&P 500 and other benchmarks over the last 1, 3, 5 and 10 years. INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU This is a good sign for the economy and market, noted investor David Katz says Companies are feeling pretty good about the economy over the next six to 12 months, David Katz says He thinks that should allow for a good year for the economy and stocks Katz would buy financials on any pullback Michelle Fox | @MFoxCNBC 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Katz: Financials will do well over next 6-12 months    14 Hours Ago | 02:19 Earnings may be in line with the last few quarters so far, but it's what companies are saying about the future that's a good sign for the market, noted investor David Katz told CNBC on Wednesday. "The outlooks that companies are giving are pretty good. The companies are feeling pretty good about the economy over the next six to 12 months," the chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors said in an interview with "Power Lunch." "It might not move the market this week but it should allow for a good year in terms of the economy and then the stock market." That doesn't mean it will be a smooth ride. Katz believes there will be volatility ahead. He's particularly bullish on financials and thinks any pullback is a buying opportunity. His favorites are JPMorgan and Wells Fargo. Morgan Stanley also has good upside, he said. On Wednesday, Morgan Stanley reported a strong first quarter as its fixed income trading revenue doubled year over year. Goldman Sachs, on the other hand, missed Wall Street estimates on Tuesday. Katz said while he isn't a shareholder, he doesn't think the company's model is broken. He would also look for companies with great long-term outlooks that have already had pullbacks, like dividend players General Mills, UPS or AbbVie. "You're getting a very good combination of current income, low volatility and upside." Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank, also thinks there are opportunities to be found in this market. While the market has been consolidating over the last few weeks, he still expects it to be higher over the next year. "Whether you get an active sell-off to use as a buying opportunity or whether you simply have to take some positions in quality companies as you go, still we would get additional money invested as you have opportunities," he told "Power Lunch." — CNBC's Fred Imbert contributed to this report. Disclosure: Matrix clients and Katz own: JPM, WFC, MS, ABBV, GIS and UPS. Disclaimer Michelle FoxProducer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- MS --- WFC --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Forex LATEST NEWS All you must know about SIP in an ELSS mutual fund ETMarkets Morning Podcast: Nifty50 may attempt to find a base at current level Hindalco kicks off Rs 6,800-crore mega loan pre-payment Buy Sintex Industries, target Rs 124: Siddharth Bhamre BUY, SELL ideas from experts for today's session IDFC Bank, RBL join race for Bharat Financial to fast forward growth Buy Gujarat State Petronet with a target Rs 190.0 -- IIFL Buy Glenmark Pharma with a target Rs 959 -- Siddharth Bhamre Buy Exide Industries, target Rs 242.0 : Dr CK Narayan Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Forex 09:31 AM | 20 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,36932.77 NIFTY 50 9,11915.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,283-231.0 USD/INR 64.680.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Asia's top currency forecaster sees not so good times ahead for rupee By Bloomberg | Updated: Apr 19, 2017, 01.29 PM IST Post a Comment By Lilian Karunungan Beware the rally in emerging-market currencies: the best quarterly performance in almost seven years is about to reverse. That’s the message from the most-accurate forecaster of developing-nation Asian currencies last quarter: Wells Fargo & Co. “We don’t see continued appreciation through the rest of the year,” said Nicholas Bennenbroek, head of currency strategy at the U.S. bank in New York. “Federal Reserve interest-rate increases should continue at a steady pace, which should weigh on most foreign currencies, including Asian currencies.” South Korea’s won, Indonesia’s rupiah and Thailand’s baht will all decline more than 2 percent in the next nine months, according to Wells Fargo forecasts. The rupee and the peso will also weaken, but will be more resilient due to the hawkishness of the Indian and Philippine central banks, said Bennenbroek. The Bloomberg-JPMorgan Asia Dollar Index, which tracks 10 regional currencies excluding the yen, rose 2.5 percent in the three months to March, the most since the quarter through September 2010. Bennenbroek shared his views in an email interview last week: Why the negativity on Asian currencies? >>Among the contributing factors to the solid performance of Asian currencies during the first quarter was the strength of global equity markets, and periods of corrective U.S. dollar weakness following rate hikes in December and March.” >>We don’t expect the pace of equity-market gains will match their recent rapid pace, and indeed there may be periods of weakness.” >>A less favorable global equity market environment will also remove a source of support for Asian currencies.” Why will the rupee and peso outperform? >>Most Asian currencies should decline versus the greenback, although there should be winners and losers.” >>The rupee will be relatively resilient due to India’s solid economy and a reasonably prudent and neutral monetary policy that is “leaning hawkish rather than dovish,” and sound external accounts. >>Strong economic growth and the possibility of rate hikes are supportive factors for the peso. >>The peso will drop 1.2 percent to 50.25 per dollar over the next nine months, while the rupee will decline 1.3 percent to 65.50, Wells Fargo forecasts. Apart from the Fed, what are the other risks? >>The won will weaken due to subdued economic growth, an on-hold central bank and some softening in Korea’s external accounts that has made the currency more sensitive to global events. >>The main risks that Asian currencies will underperform Wells Fargo forecasts are financial-market instability or economic disappointment in China, or challenging trade negotiations and relationships with the U.S., he said. That would be particularly negative for the yuan and the won. >>There are also geopolitical risks related to North Korea, which would probably impact South Korea the most. Comments(0)Add Comments Asia's top currency forecaster sees not so good times ahead for rupee To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Tracing the history of the Indian rupee Is a rising rupee good for your investments? Rupee trades 6 paise higher in early trade Rupee opens flat at 64.42 against dollar Rupee trading on GIFT platform faces RBI block READ MORE ONWells FargoRupeemonetary policymarketsFedeconomydollar Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Top Online MBA Programs with No GMAT Requirement Find Your Context 10 Intriguing Theories That Suggest Giants Once Roamed The.. Cyber Breeze Ready for Sunshine, a Cold Drink and a Bucket of Shrimp? Visit Virginia BeachMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Play the game that is taking 2017 by storm Vikings: Free Online Game The Amazing Story Of A Woman Who Refused To Let Psoriasis .. HealthCentral.com New York: Dinner Delivered? Here's Why I Love Plated Food & Wine for Plated Windows Ink Can Spark Up To 36% Increases In Stem Outcomes Microsoft What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Up to 900% in 3 years! What's driving these 5 MF-favoured midcap stocks? Modi-like amnesty scheme may help Pakistan attract billions in investment NSE to add 16 stocks to F&O segment with effect from April 28 India growth story! You may miss the bus if you can’t smell the opportunity TCS disappoints on profit, revenue: Key takeaways from Q4 earnings More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBahubali 2|BSE Sensex SRH vs DD|Gold rate today Sensex|IPL 2017 Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × PRO Uncut LATEST Live TV Platinum Portfolio Halftime Portfolio PRO Talks PRO Uncut Start Over| ‹ PRO Uncut: Top tech analyst Toni Sacconaghi PRO Uncut: Jim O'Neill PRO Uncut: Steve Ballmer on Microsoft, Twitter PRO Uncut: Bill Nygren PRO Uncut: Bill Gross Watch Dick Bove on his bearish warning on bank stocks Goldman strategist: We're past 'maximum optimism' about Trump's agenda Full interview with former Vanguard CEO Jack Bogle on Trump's agenda, ETFs Full interview with BlackRock CEO Larry Fink on risks to the market, economy PRO Uncut: Investor Louis Navellier PRO Uncut: Hedge fund manager David Einhorn PRO Uncut: Byron Wien PRO Uncut: IBM CEO Ginni Rometty PRO Uncut: Apple analyst Steven Milunovich Brave Warrior's Glenn Greenberg reveals his big market bet PRO Uncut: Billionaire investor Howard Marks PRO Uncut: Value investor Joel Greenblatt PRO Uncut: Strategist Jeffrey Saut PRO Uncut: David Tepper PRO Uncut: Chart analyst Ralph Acampora PRO Uncut: Short seller Carson Block PRO Uncut: Mylan CEO Heather Bresch PRO Uncut: AMD CEO Lisa Su PRO Uncut: Exxon Mobil CEO Darren Woods PRO Uncut: Gene Munster says Snap will be 'more like Twitter than Facebook' PRO Uncut: Target CEO Brian Cornell on border tax, stock plunge PRO Uncut: Toni Sacconaghi PRO Uncut: Jeremy Siegel says Dow is headed toward 22,000 PRO Uncut: Vanguard founder Jack Bogle on the market rally PRO Uncut: Macy's CEO Terry Lundgren on acquisition rumors PRO Uncut: Twitter COO Anthony Noto The full interview with billionaire investor Ron Baron on his favorite stocks PRO Uncut: T-Mobile CEO John Legere PRO Uncut: Activist investor Mick McGuire PRO Uncut: Garry Kasparov on Trump, Putin PRO Uncut: Wall Street's top economist Ed Hyman PRO Uncut: AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson PRO Uncut: Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer PRO Uncut: Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank PRO Uncut: Strategist Tom Lee Watch Blackstone's Stephen Schwarzman discuss President Trump's big CEO meeting PRO Uncut: Goldman's chief economist Jan Hatzius PRO Uncut: Fed decision panel PRO Uncut: Top-ranked tech analyst Mark Mahaney on Facebook, Amazon earnings PRO Uncut: Goldman's top commodoities analyst Jeffrey Currie PRO Uncut: Mark Cuban on Trump's immigration order PRO Uncut: Gene Munster on Alphabet, Trump PRO Uncut: Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz on slowing growth, Trump PRO Uncut: TIAA's Saira Malik gives Trump picks PRO Uncut: Jim Grant on the Trump risks PRO Uncut: Jeremy Siegel on Dow 20,000 PRO Uncut: Sam Stovall, other strategists on Dow 20K PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli interview PRO Uncut: Billionaire investor Carl Icahn on Trump and the stock market PRO Uncut: Bill Gross on President Trump PRO Uncut: Top chart analyst Jeff deGraaf PRO Uncut: Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman PRO Uncut: Deutsche Bank CEO John Cryan PRO Uncut: Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein on earnings, Trump and the economy PRO Uncut: JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon on Trump, taxes, earnings PRO Uncut: Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman PRO Uncut: Citi's Tobias Levkovich on Trump volatility PRO Uncut: Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan PRO Uncut: Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff PRO Uncut: AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson PRO Uncut: BlackRock's Larry Fink on Trump PRO Uncut: Jack Bogle interview Value investor Bill Nygren sees opportunity in beaten-up health-care stocks PRO Uncut: Alnylam CEO on what's ahead for the biotech up 19% this year PRO Uncut: Sarepta Therapeutics CEO Dr. Ed Kaye PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli interview PRO Uncut: Larry Summers on why Trump's tax reform plan won't work PRO Uncut: CEO of small-cap biotech Blueprint Medicines Juno CEO gives 2017 outlook after drug trial halt cut stock in half last year PRO Uncut: Andrew Left interview Leon Cooperman reveals his favorite value stocks for 2017 PRO Uncut: Billionaire hedgie Marc Lasry on Trump, markets PRO Uncut: Star-analyst-turned-VC Gene Munster PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn PRO Uncut: AB Bernstein's Seth Masters PRO Uncut: Steve Eisman of 'The Big Short' PRO Uncut: Valeant CEO Joseph Papa PRO Uncut: Fed decision panel PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn Trader Jon Najarian eyeing contrarian trade before the Fed PRO Uncut: Kevin Plank PRO Uncut: Michael Lewis PRO Uncut: Brian Moynihan PRO Uncut: Nelson Peltz Jon Najarian tries to strike oil with these stocks PRO Uncut: Jeff Vinik Jon Najarian: Here's how to lock in your Trump rally gains PRO Uncut: Bill Gross PRO Uncut: Jeff Immelt PRO Uncut: Jeff Gundlach PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli PRO Uncut: Stan Druckenmiller Hedge fund playbook for Trump PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn PRO Uncut: Jim O'Neill › PRO Uncut Full interview with investor David Katz on his favorite banks, dividend picks right now Tae Kim | @firstadopter 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Value investor David Katz shared his market views in an interview on CNBC's "Power Lunch" Wednesday. On favorite financial ideas: "We've talked about financials for the last six months. We were early and right ... What we've said is if there is any sort of pullback we would start to aggressively buy. We think you've had that pullback with very good fundamentals," Katz said. "So our favorites would be JPMorgan or a Wells Fargo. We like Morgan Stanley's print today." On dividend stock picks: "General Mills or UPS or AbbVie. All very good business paying 4 to 4 1/2 percent out to shareholders," he said. "You're getting a very good combination of current income, low volatility and upside." Katz is the chief investment officer of Matrix Asset Advisors, a New York-based investment firm. He also discusses: Corporate earnings. Goldman Sachs. Economy. To watch the broadcast interview in its entirety, you must be a CNBC PRO subscriber. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- PRO Uncut Full interview: Top analyst Sacconaghi says IBM not as cheap as it appears Full interview with Jim O'Neill on the UK's snap election, French polls and the euro Full interview with Steve Ballmer on his long-term outlook for Microsoft, Twitter Full interview with Bill Nygren on his favorite picks right now, the 'fool's game' of market timing Bill Gross says investors should expect a dovish Fed under Trump To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Momo Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Momo Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Steel Partners Holdings LP (SPLP) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet TheStreet Upgrades Haemonetics Co. (HAE) to “B-“ Teladoc Inc (TDOC) Rating Increased to C- at TheStreet Momo Inc (MOMO) Upgraded at TheStreet PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Points International Ltd (PCOM) Downgraded by TheStreet TheStreet Upgrades Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) to “B” Short Interest in Melco Crown Entertainment (MPEL) Declines By 24.5% ImmunoVaccine Inc. (IMV) Insider Pierre Labbé Acquires 10,000 Shares of Stock Great Panther Silver Ltd (GPR) Director Jeffrey Robert Mason Buys 10,000 Shares Evanson Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) SFE Investment Counsel Boosts Position in Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Computer Programs & Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Shares Bought by SFE Investment Counsel SPX Co. (SPXC) Stake Lowered by Evanson Asset Management LLC Evanson Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HE) Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Position Boosted by SFE Investment Counsel Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc (CRBP) Shares Bought by Evanson Asset Management LLC International Business Machines Corp.’s (IBM) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Medtronic plc. (MDT) Receives “Buy” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Given a $15.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Momo Inc (MOMO) Upgraded at TheStreet April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TheStreet upgraded shares of Momo Inc (NASDAQ:MOMO) from a c rating to a b- rating in a research note published on Thursday morning. MOMO has been the subject of several other research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered Momo from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Vetr raised Momo from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $42.54 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Benchmark Co. assumed coverage on Momo in a research note on Tuesday. They issued a buy rating and a $44.00 target price for the company. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Momo in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Instinet assumed coverage on Momo in a research note on Monday, February 13th. They issued a buy rating and a $34.00 target price for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $34.19. Shares of Momo (NASDAQ:MOMO) traded up 0.49% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $36.95. 3,271,906 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Momo has a 12 month low of $8.88 and a 12 month high of $39.25. The company has a market cap of $7.18 billion, a P/E ratio of 51.32 and a beta of 1.86. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $33.22 and a 200 day moving average price of $25.31. Momo (NASDAQ:MOMO) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, March 7th. The information services provider reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.11. The business earned $246.10 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $195.78 million. Momo had a return on equity of 13.50% and a net margin of 19.51%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 523.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Momo will post $1.40 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/momo-inc-momo-upgraded-at-thestreet.html. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Momo by 18,390.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 83,578 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $1,881,000 after buying an additional 83,126 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in shares of Momo by 9.1% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 769,000 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $14,134,000 after buying an additional 64,100 shares during the last quarter. SC China Holding Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Momo during the third quarter valued at $73,123,000. Hsbc Holdings PLC increased its stake in shares of Momo by 1,013.3% in the third quarter. Hsbc Holdings PLC now owns 490,230 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $11,030,000 after buying an additional 446,198 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN bought a new stake in shares of Momo during the third quarter valued at $550,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 14.76% of the company’s stock. About Momo Momo Inc is a holding company. The Company operates Momo, a mobile-based social networking platform. The Company’s Momo platform includes its Momo mobile application and a range of related features, functionalities, tools and services that it provides to users, customers and platform partners. Momo users can maintain their relationships through its private and group communication tools, content creation and sharing functions, as well as the offline social activities promoted on its platform. Receive News & Ratings for Momo Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Momo Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q4 2017 Earnings Forecast for American Outdoor Brands Corp Issued By Forward View (AOBC) Avinger Inc (AVGR) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) This Quarter Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $23.741 Million Position in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Given a $38.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Given a $19.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts $0.62 EPS Expected for Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) This Quarter M&T Bank Co.’s (MTB) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Digital Realty Trust’s (DLR) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Kate Spade & Co (KATE) PT Set at $24.00 by Wunderlich Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Shares Sold by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Stake Decreased by Mascoma Wealth Management LLC Boston Scientific Co. (BSX) Stake Decreased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $38.149 Million Position in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Reduces Position in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Position Reduced by Capital Investment Advisors LLC First Financial Corp IN Buys 205 Shares of Ameren Corp (AEE) Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS TD Securities Increases Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Price Target to C$70.00 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) CAO Mandy Berman Sells 3,697 Shares of Stock $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) This Quarter April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) to report earnings of $0.27 per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Five analysts have issued estimates for Synchronoss Technologies’ earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.26 to $0.28. Synchronoss Technologies reported earnings per share of $0.35 during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year over year growth rate of 22.9%. The firm is expected to issue its next earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. On average, analysts expect that Synchronoss Technologies will report full year earnings of $1.96 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.92 to $2.05. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the business will report earnings of $2.45 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.30 to $2.61. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of research firms that that provide coverage for Synchronoss Technologies. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 8th. The software maker reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.26 by $0.02. Synchronoss Technologies had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 3.38%. The business earned $147.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $149.11 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.61 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 6.3% on a year-over-year basis. SNCR has been the subject of several research analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 target price for the company. Deutsche Bank AG cut shares of Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $50.00 to $35.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Synchronoss Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Wells Fargo & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $35.00 price target (down previously from $43.00) on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Sunday, April 2nd. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reduced their price target on shares of Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Synchronoss Technologies currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $44.75. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/0-27-earnings-per-share-expected-for-synchronoss-technologies-inc-sncr-this-quarter.html. Shares of Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) traded up 1.02% during trading on Friday, hitting $24.67. 257,035 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Synchronoss Technologies has a 12-month low of $23.05 and a 12-month high of $49.94. The company has a 50-day moving average of $25.25 and a 200-day moving average of $36.08. The company has a market cap of $1.09 billion, a P/E ratio of 54.82 and a beta of 2.28. In other news, EVP David Schuette sold 1,081 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.25, for a total transaction of $28,376.25. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 49,093 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,288,691.25. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CFO Karen Rosenberger sold 777 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.08, for a total transaction of $30,365.16. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 36,405 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,422,707.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 39,927 shares of company stock worth $1,439,740 in the last three months. Corporate insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 5.2% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,965 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $152,000 after buying an additional 197 shares during the period. Synovus Financial Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter valued at $183,000. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc purchased a new stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter valued at $206,000. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV purchased a new stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at $259,000. Finally, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 23.3% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 7,227 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $298,000 after buying an additional 1,364 shares during the period. 84.24% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Synchronoss Technologies Company Profile Synchronoss Technologies, Inc is a global software and services company, which provides technologies and services for the mobile transformation of business. The Company’s portfolio in the Consumer and Enterprise markets contains offerings, such as personal cloud, secure-mobility, identity management and scalable messaging platforms, products and solutions. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments How Grand Rapids is working to speed up income tax return processing Grand Rapids offers free city income tax help on two upcoming Saturdays A blank Grand Rapids city income tax return for 2016. (Mark Tower | MLive.com) (Mark Tower | MLive.com) Print Email Amy Biolchini | amy_biolchini@mlive.com By Amy Biolchini | amy_biolchini@mlive.com The Grand Rapids Press on April 19, 2017 at 2:33 PM comments GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- Three weeks.  That's how long it will take this tax season for the city of Grand Rapids to process a standard individual income tax return.  The city's income tax department made some changes this year to achieve that figure -- and is planning major adjustments for the 2017 tax year to help speed up processing times.  Turnaround times for processing income tax returns has been an issue for the city in recent years. The city had outsourced return processing to JP Morgan Chase in 2011 -- but the bank's imaging software resulted in errors 75 percent of the time, said the city's income tax administrator Jennifer Woodard. That meant the city department spent all of its resources correcting the errors on the returns -- and led to lengthier wait times for refunds. The department was still processing some 2015 returns in January 2016, and the city had to pay interest on some of those returns due to the delay, Woodard said.  This year, all of the processing on income tax returns is being done in-house by the 15-member staff of the income tax department on third floor of city hall.  As of Wednesday, April 19, the city had issued 10,000 more refunds than it had completed at this time one year ago, Woodard said.  The deadline to file returns for the 2016 tax year is May 1. Officially the deadline is April 30. As that falls on a Sunday this year, the final day to file a timely return is the next business day - May 1. The goal is to process all returns received by the deadline by the first of June, Woodard said. Deadline to file city of Grand Rapids income taxes is May 1 Another change: after Woodard officially took over leadership of the department in November after John Schaut retired, she launched a 1040 EZ online e-file form for city residents. About 1,500 people have use the e-filing option -- and their returns are expected to be completed this week, Woodard said. Feedback on the e-filing form has been positive, Woodard said. Overall, the city is expecting to process 160,000 returns this year.  The average refund this year -- as in years past -- is $10. Though three weeks is the average return time for standard refunds, those that claim larger refunds will take longer as department staff fact-check the claims, Woodard said.  People who work in the city but don't live in the city need to file a tax return -- even if they spend less than a quarter of their time working in Grand Rapids.  Similarly, people who live in Grand Rapids but don't work in the city also need to file a city tax return because all income is subject to tax, Woodard said. This year, city employees are manually entering information from 300,000 W-2 into the city's system. But that will change next spring: the city is purchasing new imaging software that will scan paper 1040 forms to electronically file them.  By next tax season, a new city of Grand Rapids website will be in place that is expected to be more user-friendly by design -- and will include encryption for the income tax department for security purposes. That will translate to a better experience as users file their taxes online with the city, Woodard said.  Other changes Woodard is working to implement for next year include: -Online status reporting when the department receives a tax return -1040 EZ e-filing for non residents  -1040 e-filing Michigan's Best Search for best sub continues this week from Bay City to Vicksburg Poll winners and finalists More Michigan's Best » Michigan Prom Prom season 2017 kicks off across Michigan Best dressed from Michigan proms - Week 1 Vote in our Week 2 Prom of the Week polls Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription The Toll of Wells Fargo's Account Scandal The fallout has implications not just for the bank’s reputation, but also for its bottom line. Gary Cameron / Reuters Most Popular Why Was Bill O'Reilly Really Fired? Megan Garber Apr 19, 2017 Mexico’s Revenge Franklin Foer Apr 18, 2017 How Late-Night Comedy Fueled the Rise of Trump Caitlin Flanagan Apr 18, 2017 How America’s Coastal Cities Left the Heartland Behind Brian S. Feldman Apr 18, 2016 How Poverty Changes the Brain Tara García Mathewson Apr 19, 2017 Gillian B. White Apr 19, 2017 Next Economy Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size In general, buying a company’s stock is a vote of confidence, something investors do when they think a company is poised for great, money-making things. But when a company executive buys stock, particularly amid a corporate meltdown, it is often an attempt at reassurance or damage control. Wells Fargo’s top executives have recently made such a move. On Monday, following the company’s first-quarter earnings report and the release of a lengthy probe into the firm’s notorious fake-account scandal, Wells Fargo’s new CEO Tim Sloan, along with the company’s chairman Stephen Sanger, bought more than $5 million of the company’s stock. (Wells Fargo declined to comment for this article.) That might be because by many accounts, the first quarter earnings report showed that the company’s recent scandals had in fact hit its bottom line. The company’s profit was around $5.5 billion, showing no growth from the year prior, while net income at the Community Bank—the division responsible for the fake accounts—declined 9 percent. And revenues for the company dropped $200 million from the previous year, missing analysts’ expectations. Fewer new credit cards were opened, too. Those are by no means apocalyptic declines, but for one of the largest and most successful banks in the country, flat or downward performance is notable, particularly as competitors including JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup posted much more robust growth.    With a shareholder meeting on the horizon, the company’s CEO Tim Sloan struck an optimistic note in the statement accompanying the earnings report. “Wells Fargo continued to make meaningful progress in the first quarter in rebuilding trust with customers and other important stakeholders, while producing solid financial results,” he wrote. But Sloan has also been forthcoming about the fact that the scandal has taken a toll, which helps to explain the first-quarter figures. “Of course it’s having an impact on performance at the moment,” he said during a conference call to discuss earnings according to The Los Angeles Times. “What we’ve been able to demonstrate historically ... is that we can work through those challenges.” And the bank has plenty of challenges to work through at the moment. This lackluster performance isn’t especially surprising given the issues that have plagued the company over the past year. First there was the revelation that employees of Wells Fargo’s Community Bank had created as many as 2 million fake accounts in order to meet sales quotas. Amid attempts to investigate and rectify that impropriety, the company’s Community Reinvestment Act rating was downgraded, with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency citing not only the fake accounts but also allegations of discriminatory practices as causes for the sliding grade. Aside from reputational damage, the trouble has had actual hard costs, too. The company has been fined around $185 million, clawed back around $200 million in compensation, and will pay around $110 million to settle a class-action lawsuit related to the fake accounts. The firm reportedly spent around $80 million during the last quarter for outside professional services related to the fake-accounts scandal. And in that same conference call, the company’s CFO said that he estimates Wells Fargo will have to shell out similar sums for fake-account-related costs for some time. In October, shortly after the fake-accounts scandal became public, a consulting firm, cg42, put together a report on the anticipated fallout. By their estimates, the company stood to lose around 14 percent of its customers, who said they’d already decided to switch banks. And 30 percent of the Wells Fargo customers who were  surveyed reported shopping around for banking services elsewhere. That’s despite the fact that the fake accounts reportedly affected fewer than 3 percent of customers. Altogether, the report estimated that Wells Fargo stood to lose around $99 billion in deposits and $4 billion in revenues within a year-and-a-half of the fake-accounts revelation. While it’s true that Wells Fargo’s first-quarter earnings show that the company isn’t invincible, Wells Fargo might actually be faring better than expected given its recent litany of shortcomings. The company’s earnings actually (barely) beat analysts’ expectations, at $1 per share versus an expectation of $0.96 per share. And during the first quarter of the year, Wells Fargo actually saw an increase in deposits, which grew by nearly $80 billion, or 7 percent from this same time in 2016. That may be because there is something to the customer loyalty that Tim Sloan has been so effusively thankful for in his corporate communications. While nearly one-third of Wells Fargo clients may have told the consulting firm cg42 that they were actively shopping for other banking alternatives, some studies have shown that when it comes to actually switching banks, many Americans don’t think it’s actually worth the hassle. And despite Americans’ growing distrust of Wall Street, some remain dubious that smaller community banks and credit unions can offer them the same convenience and services that mega banks do. That reticence to jump ship may prove crucial for Wells Fargo, which still has a lot of work ahead when it comes to coping with litigation and public fallout from its fake accounts. In the near-term, the bank and its executives won’t only have to convince regulators and customers that it can and will do better; it will also have to convince shareholders, who can call for board members to be replaced during the company’s annual meeting later this month. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video One Man's Fight to Bury His Wife With Dignity In a short film, a husband ends up in a legal battle over his wife’s final wishes to be buried in the front yard. Erica Moriarty Apr 19, 2017 About the Author Gillian B. White is a senior associate editor at The Atlantic. Twitter Facebook Email Most Popular Presented by Richard Drew / AP Why Was Bill O'Reilly Really Fired? Megan Garber The host’s ouster serves as an object lesson about what happens when morality and money come to a head. Here are some of the things Bill O’Reilly has done, allegedly, to the women he has worked with throughout his two decades at the Fox News Channel: approaching an African American woman whose desk was near his, referring to her as “hot chocolate,” and grunting like a “wild boar” offering multiple unwanted sexual advances and lewd comments to a woman producer on his show, phoning her “when it sounded as if he was masturbating” and describing “various sexual fantasies” suggesting that she “buy a vibrator,” “engage in phone sex or a threesome with him,” and listen to “the details of his alleged sexual encounters with a cabana masseuse, airline stewardesses, and Thai sex-show workers” threatening to make any woman who dared to complain about his behavior “pay so dearly that she’ll wish she’d never been born” Continue Reading Oliver Munday Mexico’s Revenge Franklin Foer By antagonizing the U.S.’s neighbor to the south, Donald Trump has made the classic bully’s error: He has underestimated his victim. When Donald Trump first made sport of thumping Mexico—when he accused America’s neighbor of exporting rapists and “bad hombres,” when he deemed the country such a threat that it should be contained by a wall and so clueless that it could be suckered into paying for its own encasement—its president responded with strange equilibrium. Enrique Peña Nieto treated the humiliation like a meteorological disturbance. Relations with the United States would soon return to normal, if only he grinned his way through the painful episode. In August, Peña Nieto invited Trump to Mexico City, based on the then-contrarian notion that Trump might actually become president. Instead of branding Trump a toxic threat to Mexico’s well-being, he lavished the Republican nominee with legitimacy. Peña Nieto paid a severe, perhaps mortal, reputational cost for his magnanimity. Before the meeting, former President Vicente Fox had warned Peña Nieto that if he went soft on Trump, history would remember him as a “traitor.” In the months following the meeting, his approval rating plummeted, falling as low as 12 percent in one poll—which put his popularity on par with Trump’s own popularity among Mexicans. The political lesson was clear enough: No Mexican leader could abide Trump’s imprecations and hope to thrive. Since then, the Mexican political elite has begun to ponder retaliatory measures that would reassert the country’s dignity, and perhaps even cause the Trump administration to reverse its hostile course. With a presidential election in just over a year—and Peña Nieto prevented by term limits from running again—vehement responses to Trump are considered an electoral necessity. Memos outlining policies that could wound the United States have begun flying around Mexico City. These show that Trump has committed the bully’s error of underestimating the target of his gibes. As it turns out, Mexico could hurt the United States very badly. Continue Reading Kristian Hammerstad How Late-Night Comedy Fueled the Rise of Trump Caitlin Flanagan Sneering hosts have alienated conservatives and made liberals smug. A month after the election, Trevor Noah, the host of The Daily Show, published an op‑ed in The New York Times that sought to position himself and his show as instruments of healing in a broken land. It was called “Let’s Not Be Divided, Divided People Are Easier to Rule,” and it zapped around progressives’ inboxes and Facebook feeds like a digital balm of Gilead. It was a reminder that we were not, in those fevered early weeks, being our best selves: “Instead of speaking in measured tones about what unites us, we are screaming at each other about what divides us.” How true that was, and—one might churlishly observe—what a sea change from Noah’s tone during the campaign, when he berated the Republican candidate for tweeting with “those fat little tiny fingers of yours” and for trying to think with “that stupid head,” and when he advised the candidate that “maybe you should look in the mirror, asshole.” Continue Reading Jeff Roberson / AP How America’s Coastal Cities Left the Heartland Behind Brian S. Feldman St. Louis and other Midwestern hubs prospered for much of the 20th century. Then lawmakers in Washington quietly changed the rules of the economy. The people of St. Louis weren’t really surprised when, on January 12, the National Football League announced its decision to let E. Stanley Kroenke, the owner of the St. Louis Rams, move his team to Los Angeles. Kroenke had long signaled his intentions, and L.A.’s media market beckoned as the nation’s second largest. Moving the team meant more revenue for the league, and therefore more money in owners’ pockets. And that, as serious football fans know, is the point. The NFL isn’t a charity. It’s a legally sanctioned cartel that strictly limits the number of franchises in order to maximize the value of each. St. Louis simply was losing another round in the NFL’s long-running game of profit-maximizing musical chairs. Indeed, the city originally had lured the Rams from Los Angeles in 1995 after losing a bidding war that sent the previous hometown football team, the St. Louis Cardinals, to Phoenix in 1988. Continue Reading Alastair Grant / AP How Poverty Changes the Brain Tara García Mathewson The early results out of a Boston nonprofit are positive. You saw the pictures in science class—a profile view of the human brain, sectioned by function. The piece at the very front, right behind where a forehead would be if the brain were actually in someone’s head, is the pre-frontal cortex. It handles problem-solving, goal-setting, and task execution. And it works with the limbic system, which is connected and sits closer to the center of the brain. The limbic system processes emotions and triggers emotional responses, in part because of its storage of long-term memory. When a person lives in poverty, a growing body of research suggests the limbic system is constantly sending fear and stress messages to the prefrontal cortex, which overloads its ability to solve problems, set goals, and complete tasks in the most efficient ways. Continue Reading U.S. Navy via Reuters How Did the Trump Administration Lose an Aircraft Carrier? David A. Graham The White House said the USS Carl Vinson was headed for North Korea as it sailed the opposite direction—the latest example of a communications failure inside the executive branch. A certain amount of unpredictability is a virtue in foreign policy. When one’s adversaries—and perhaps one’s allies—don’t know precisely what a country will do, it gives that country a little extra power in the relationship. Like all virtues, it turns into a vice when used in excess. Donald Trump, Fred Kaplan recently argued, offers an extreme test of Richard Nixon’s “madman theory,” the Vietnam-era approach of letting enemies think Nixon might really be insane and do anything. As my colleague Kathy Gilsinan wrote last week, the hazards of this approach are on display in the latest American standoff with North Korea—a contest between two leaders who delight in bellicose rhetoric and erratic action. “When two leaders each habitually bluster and exaggerate, there’s a higher likelihood of making a catastrophic mistake based on a bad guess,” she wrote, including the threat of nuclear war. Even for those who espouse unpredictability, the presumption is that at least the putative madman has some sense what’s going on, even if no one else does. The point is the appearance of unpredictability, not true chaos. Continue Reading Jonathan Ernst / Reuters Jason Chaffetz's Abrupt Exit McKay Coppins The House Oversight chairman announced on Wednesday that he won’t seek another term in Congress, surprising even close political allies. Representative Jason Chaffetz shocked politicos from Utah to Washington Wednesday with a surprise announcement that he would not seek reelection next year.   The Utah congressman, who serves as chairman of the House Oversight Committee, is a high-profile figure in the GOP—a media-savvy lawmaker viewed by many party leaders as a rising star. But he has also been a target of fierce grassroots opposition in recent months, as critics accuse him of allowing partisan hypocrisy to hinder his role as a designated Trump watchdog. Earlier this year, he made national headlines when he was booed off stage by angry constituents at a town hall in his district, and since then activists have donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to various efforts to unseat him. Continue Reading slalit/Flickr How Birth Season Affects Personality Olga Khazan A new study finds that people born in summer are more prone to mood swings, while those born in winter tend to be less irritable. Horoscopes are perhaps the original guilty pleasure. For every culture throughout history that believed our fates hinge on our zodiac signs, there was a skeptic calling B.S. The Arab theologian Ibn al-Qayyim was questioning the validity of astrological methods way back in the 13th century. Still, horoscopes can’t seem to die, tucked into the back pages of newspapers and dredged up by That One Aunt after the dessert cocktails at Thanksgiving. (“You’re a Gemini, you should should really put yourself out there this month.”) If anything, they serve as more of a hedge than a doctrine—the rabbit’s foot of belief systems. “Millionaires don't use astrology,” JP Morgan, the king of hedging, once said. “Billionaires do.” Continue Reading Andrew Hetherington Alec Baldwin Gets Under Trump’s Skin Chris Jones Comedy and tragedy in an age of political chaos 点击这里阅读中文版本 | Read this article in Chinese. Alec Baldwin collapses onto his dressing-room couch at Saturday Night Live like a man participating too enthusiastically in a trust fall. He is 58 years old. He has three children under 4. He has been dividing what’s left of his time between filming a movie with Emilio Estevez in Cincinnati and answering the call from NBC whenever it comes, which, because of his now-signature portrayal of Donald Trump, has been many weeks this season. His appearances gather eyes like car accidents; some clips have been watched on YouTube more than 20 million times. Those legions of viewers have formed a kind of makeshift resistance, a community of the gaslit, together feeling a little less crazy for knowing that at least Alec Baldwin can see what they are seeing. Turning the president into a running joke might prove the most consequential work of his career. It’s at least been the most consuming. Continue Reading Wikimedia Commons Nobel Prize-Winning Economist: We're Headed for Oligarchy Rebecca J. Rosen Robert Solow on powerful families’ threat to democratic institutions. In a recent interview at the Economic Policy Institute, Nobel Prize-Winning economist and MIT professor Robert Solow riffed on the political effects of increasing inequality and concentration of wealth at the very top. "If that kind of concentration of wealth continues, then we get to be more and more an oligarchical country, a country that's run from the top," he said. Solow's sentiments echo a point he made earlier this week in his review of Thomas Piketty's book in The New Republic. (Solow, it should be noted, is not the only Nobel Prize-winning economist to use the o-word in discussing Piketty's work.) Having examined and explained the trends Piketty identifies, Solow turns his attention to the possible measures that could be taken to ameliorate the inequality, and rejigger the system to favor merit over inheritance. Piketty, Solow says, favors an annual, global progressive tax on wealth, such that the benefits of a growing economy could be more widely felt. Continue Reading 'I've Done Horrible Things for Dope' Katherine Wells A haunting documentary about a West Virginia town plagued by painkiller addiction Watch Video Barack Obama Is Okay With the Criticism Jackie Lay and Ta-Nehisi Coates The former president explains what it’s like to be both a person and a symbol. Watch Video Oregon's Invisible Beauty Nadine Ajaka A stunning time-lapse captures the landscape under infrared light. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor With This Bullish Call on Semis, Here's the One Stock You Have to Own The outlook for semiconductors just keeps getting better. And that means that our “Tollbooth for Silicon Valley” stock will continue its double-your-money run. This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: The Saudi Aramco IPO Listing Is Getting Closer, but Many Questions Remain Message: URL: https://mney.co/2oIFpUJ  ×  six  =  12 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: The Saudi Aramco IPO Listing Is Getting Closer, but Many Questions Remain Message: URL: https://mney.co/2oIFpUJ 9  −  four  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter no responses IPOs The Saudi Aramco IPO Listing Is Getting Closer, but Many Questions Remain By Money Morning News Team, Contributing Writer, Money Morning • April 18, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website  ×  7  =  sixty three Ever since Saudi Arabia announced its flagship oil company was going public, investors across the world have wondered when and where the Saudi Aramco IPO listing will be. That's because the company's valuation of over $2 trillion could make the Saudi Aramco IPO the biggest public offering of all time. In fact, if the Saudi government only offers up 5% of Aramco to the public, its IPO will still be four times larger than Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.'s (NYSE: BABA) record-breaking $25 billion IPO. And the Aramco IPO is making progress. On Feb. 7, the Saudi Arabian oil company hired Moelis & Co. (NYSE: MC) as its IPO advisor. Then on Feb. 21, the company hired the lead underwriters for the IPO. Wall Street stalwarts JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS), and HSBC Holdings Plc. (NYSE ADR: HSBC) won the lucrative underwriting contracts. But Saudi Aramco has yet to choose which stock exchanges to list its shares on. And that means the Saudi Aramco IPO date is still up in the air. Saudi Prince Mohammed bin Salman said the government is preparing for a 2018 IPO date, but The Wall Street Journal reports a 2019 IPO date is more likely. That's because the Aramco IPO is enormously complicated, and deciding which stock exchange to list the massive IPO on has global ramifications. Last weekend, United Kingdom Prime Minster Theresa May and London Stock Exchange CEO Xavier Rolet traveled to Riyadh to woo Aramco to list its shares on the London exchange. That's why we'll break down the global impact of the Aramco IPO listing and why potential investors need to be careful… Why the Saudi Aramco IPO Listing Is So Complicated The sheer size of the Aramco IPO is enough to make a public offering complex, but the unique nature of the state-run oil company makes it even more complicated. Don't Miss: The World's First "Universal Fuel"… The Saudi Aramco IPO will break the record for the biggest IPO of all time, but with a market cap of $2 trillion, it would also be one of the biggest publicly traded companies in the world. In fact, it would be more than double the size of the largest company on American indexes, Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL). But Saudi Aramco wouldn't just dwarf Apple, it would be bigger than its Big Oil rivals. Aramco's market cap would be larger than Royal Dutch Shell Plc. (NYSE ADR: RDS.A), Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM), BP Plc. (NYSE ADR: BP), and Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX), combined. Saudi Aramco's massive valuation comes from the amount of oil reserves it controls. Because Saudi Aramco is the national oil company of Saudi Arabia, it controls all of Saudi Arabia's proven oil reserves. That means one company controls 20% of the world's oil. And that's one of the big reasons the IPO is so difficult. Before thinking about going public, the Saudi government had no reason to separate itself from its state-run oil company. But a public offering means Aramco will be subject to the public disclosure rules for whichever stock exchange it chooses, and that could risk exposing sensitive information about the Saudi government. "Saudi Arabia has been reluctant to sell a percentage of its crown jewel company because doing so requires revealing important information about the country's oil fields that have been held in secrecy until now," says Money Morning Global Energy Strategist Dr. Kent Moors. Although Aramco has indicated that a portion of the shares will be listed on Saudi Arabia's stock exchange, it also wants to list on a globally significant stock exchange. In the running are exchanges in New York, London, and Hong Kong, and each of them comes with their own set of financial disclosure rules. Trending: Even the Best Big Oil Stocks Can't Beat These Small Companies For example, if Aramco is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the company would be required to disclose all information relevant to investors and publish audited financial statements. That means if Aramco wants to be listed on an exchange like the NYSE, it will have to find a way to untangle itself from the Saudi government before going public. And that process is already underway, too. Saudi Arabia announced a big change to the country's tax laws in late March. The new policy cut corporate taxes from 85% to 50%. The new tax policy makes Aramco more attractive to investors, but it shows how reliant the Saudi government was on the income from its oil company. But another big hurdle could stand in the way of the Saudi Aramco IPO date, and it's one potential investors should pay careful attention to… The Biggest Obstacle Ahead of the Saudi Aramco IPO Date Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: saudi aramco ipo Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website six  ×   =  36 Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT With This Bullish Call on Semis, Here's the One Stock You Have to Own Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 19, 2017 • By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment This Is Where Trump's Corporate Tax Cuts Miss the Mark April 19, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones New: Dow Slides 118 Points as Oil Prices Crater and IBM Disappoints April 19, 2017 • By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment The Pentagon Won't Admit Its $40 Billion Defense System Doesn't Work Trending Posts 7774 Reads 21 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (April 17) One of the top marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 made it in the holdings of the first ever marijuana ETF. And it's expected to climb as much as 66% in the next 12 months... 4463 Reads 50 Likes Peter Schiff Warns This One Event Will Wipe Out Entire Generations of Retirees Euro-Pacific Capital CEO Peter Schiff issued a dire warning to investors over the weekend: Retirees are in trouble. Here's what the economist predicted... Featured Report Double Your Money on the One Company Cornering the Fastest-Growing Defense Industry America is facing an unprecedented threat from malicious actors in cyberspace seeking to harness digital networks to inflict physical harm on millions of people. Of the entire cybersecurity sector, one company is uniquely positioned to stop these threats – and reward investors who get in now with triple-digit gains... Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA -118.79 (0.58%) 20,404.49 NASDAQ 13.56 (0.23%) 5,863.03 S&P -4.02 (0.17%) 2,338.17 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola European Partners plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.56 Billion $0.55 EPS Expected for Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) This Quarter Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.23 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $237.13 Million Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Natus Medical Inc (BABY) to Post $0.33 Earnings Per Share Cabelas Inc (CAB) Trading Up -0.1% Following Analyst Upgrade Saba Capital Management, L.P. Sells 6,000 Shares of Deutsche Strategic Income Trust (KST) Stock Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Harvey Capital Management Inc. Has $10.447 Million Position in Time Warner Inc (TWX) Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Harvey Capital Management Inc. Buys Shares of 2,000 NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware Sells 250 Shares of S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware Has $787,000 Position in BB&T Co. (BBT) Analysts Expect Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Will Announce Earnings of $0.39 Per Share Analysts Expect Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.05 Billion Legato Capital Management LLC Acquires 66,454 Shares of Methode Electronics Inc. (MEI) Legato Capital Management LLC Purchases 56,493 Shares of Raven Industries, Inc. (RAVN) Howland Capital Management LLC Has $1.028 Million Position in Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Howland Capital Management LLC Has $404,000 Stake in Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Howland Capital Management LLC Sells 53 Shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.56 Billion April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts expect Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) to post sales of $2.56 billion for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Three analysts have made estimates for Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s earnings. The highest sales estimate is $2.61 billion and the lowest is $2.49 billion. Coca-Cola European Partners plc reported sales of $1.52 billion in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year over year growth rate of 68.4%. The company is scheduled to report its next earnings results before the market opens on Thursday, May 4th. On average, analysts expect that Coca-Cola European Partners plc will report full-year sales of $2.56 billion for the current year, with estimates ranging from $11.7 billion to $11.96 billion. For the next financial year, analysts anticipate that the firm will report sales of $12.01 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $11.86 billion to $12.21 billion. Zacks’ sales averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that cover Coca-Cola European Partners plc. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46. Coca-Cola European Partners plc had a return on equity of 21.76% and a net margin of 8.49%. The company had revenue of $2.58 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.54 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.53 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 58.2% on a year-over-year basis. CCE has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 price target on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Friday, March 24th. Zacks Investment Research cut Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Argus initiated coverage on Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. They set a “buy” rating and a $44.00 price target on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Monday, April 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $43.50. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) traded down 0.24% on Friday, hitting $38.02. The stock had a trading volume of 449,493 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $36.56 and a 200 day moving average price of $35.25. Coca-Cola European Partners plc has a 1-year low of $30.55 and a 1-year high of $54.54. The company has a market cap of $18.37 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.16 and a beta of 1.01. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 24th. Stockholders of record on Monday, April 10th will be paid a $0.2261 dividend. This represents a $0.90 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.37%. This is a positive change from Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s dividend payout ratio is 31.98%. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of CCE. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 49.2% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 9,698 shares of the company’s stock valued at $387,000 after buying an additional 3,198 shares during the period. Sit Investment Associates Inc. raised its stake in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 35.4% in the third quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. now owns 66,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,641,000 after buying an additional 17,300 shares during the last quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP acquired a new stake in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the third quarter worth about $1,146,000. APG Asset Management N.V. raised its stake in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 118.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 1,388,162 shares of the company’s stock worth $55,388,000 after buying an additional 754,100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the third quarter worth about $678,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 31.73% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.56 Billion” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/coca-cola-european-partners-plc-cce-expected-to-announce-quarterly-sales-of-2-56-billion.html. Coca-Cola European Partners plc Company Profile Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc (CCE) markets, produces and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves customers across Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The Company’s segments include Europe and Corporate. CCE is The Coca-Cola Company’s strategic bottling partner in Western Europe. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Morgan Stanley May Give Goldman Some Ideas By Gillian Tan Photographer: Mark Kauzlarich Finance Gillian Tan Gillian Tan is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and private equity. She previously was a reporter for the Wall Street Journal. She is a qualified chartered accountant. Follow @GillianTan Facebook Twitter Email Print Share April 19, 2017 12:38 PM EDT MORGAN STANLEY +0.83 At Closing, April 19th 42.04 USD GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC -1.50 At Closing, April 19th 214.09 USD James Gorman 1: Lloyd Blankfein 0. At least, that's the tally so far this year following first-quarter earnings. Morgan Stanley on Wednesday delivered robust first-quarter results that exceeded expectations and quelled any concerns that it may have encountered the kind of soft start to the year faced by its closest rival, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. In fact, the New York-based bank was able to grow its own bond-trading revenue and topple Goldman for the first time in nearly six years despite shrinking the number of fixed-income traders and salespeople on its team by 25 percent roughly 16 months ago.  Leapfrog Morgan Stanley's fixed-income trading unit posted higher revenue than its counterpart at Goldman Sachs for the first time in at least five years Source: Bloomberg Goldman's deputy chief financial officer Martin Chavez said on Tuesday that "no quarter defines the franchise." But even if the bank's struggles in fixed income, currencies and commodities don't persist, it should consider cutting some of its headcount here, as Morgan Stanley has done. That itself would give Goldman an edge. Already, the amount the bank spends on compensation as a portion of revenue, known as its compensation ratio, is 41 percent -- lower than Morgan Stanley's at almost 46 percent, but investors would welcome any improvement. (Admittedly, these figures are higher than the compensation ratios of so-called universal banks such as Wells Fargo & Co. and JPMorgan Chase & Co., in part because Goldman and Morgan Stanley are less reliant on businesses like consumer and community lending).  But back to Morgan Stanley. It managed to reach a milestone this quarter: On an annualized basis, its return on equity breached 10 percent for the first time since March 2015, putting it on track to meet its goal of between 9 and 11 percent for the closely-watched profitability metric. One Down, Three to Go Morgan Stanley is on track to achieve at least one of its 2017 goals: return on equity of 9% to 11% Source: Bloomberg *Annualized If the well-capitalized lender is given the green light from bank regulators to again lift its dividend and bolster share buyback plans, reaching that target looks all but certain, which is good news for shareholders.  Big Buffer Morgan Stanley's capital position comfortably exceeds the Bloomberg Intelligence estimated target of 10.5 percent* Source: Bloomberg *This includes a management buffer On the subject of regulators, Morgan Stanley's Chairman and CEO James Gorman took time on a call with analysts to suggest at least one potential regulatory change. (Perhaps he felt left out by excluding such thoughts from his annual letter to shareholders, which was succinct compared to the lengthy missive from JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon.)  While both men agree that stress tests should be simplified, Gorman offered up this suggestion to the Federal Reserve: the complex and burdensome review -- which determines whether firms can withstand losses and still pay dividends, repurchase shares or make acquisitions -- should be moved to a two-year cycle from its current annual schedule. That's a nice idea in theory (and would eliminate the need to pull together more than 25,000 pages so frequently) but a lot can happen in that time frame, so I doubt regulators would be up for it. Plus, it would potentially extend the periods during which the bank could seek approval to increase their shareholder payouts, removing at least one method of improving profitability. So, if anything, Dimon's suggestion to integrate the annual checkup into a bank's regular exams makes more sense, as regulators could immediately approve or halt payouts in good times or during a crisis.  Most to Gain? According to Wall Street analysts, Morgan Stanley offers the most upside of the largest U.S. banks over the next year at roughly 13 percent* Source: Bloomberg *Next up is Goldman at roughly 12.4 percent Regardless, Morgan Stanley investors can cheer: Of the biggest six U.S. banks, it's the only stock to have rallied after delivering its earnings and is now basically flat so far in 2017. With additional volatility likely to be created by European elections and ongoing uncertainty around U.S. policy-making, bond-trading businesses on Wall Street should continue to prosper. All eyes will now be on the June quarter, to see whether Morgan Stanley will best its rival once again -- and if it's time for Goldman to make some changes.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Gillian Tan in New York at gtan129@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net IMF global growth forecast, 2017 3.5% Dog Days Debt Is Asia's Weak Tail. Watch It Grow Finance Andy Mukherjee Bank of America first-quarter profit +40% Dead End Wall Street's Great Earnings Don't Spell Jobs in Asia Finance Nisha Gopalan Holding Up Holding Up Fox shares are still up for the year and even outperforming some peers Source: Bloomberg Note: Time Warner's stock performance is capped by AT&T's pending acquisition. Signing Off Fox News's Delicate Balance Media Tara Lachapelle Lower for Longer Lower for Longer Longer-term U.S. government bond yields have fallen in recent years Source: Bloomberg 100-Year War Long, Long Bonds and Even Longer Odds Markets Lisa Abramowicz Whole-sale Whole-sale Shares of drug distributors fell Tuesday after Cardinal acknowledged continuing pricing weakness Source: Bloomberg Pricing Pain Generic Drug Woes Aren't Going Away Health Max Nisen Oil Price That Doesn't Represent A Return To Good Old Days $50 Lacking All Conviction Oil Investors Just Aren't Buying It Energy Liam Denning Potential Value of Dish's Spectrum $35 billion Doubling Down Careful Betting Against Charlie Ergen Deals Tara Lachapelle Is That It? Is That It? Akzo shares have failed to receive a big lift from the company's defence strategy Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Big Leap Akzo's Defense Scares No One Deals Chris Hughes TV Lowlights TV Lowlights Mediaset depends largely on television advertising, which is expected to contract Source: Magna Global Bollore vs. the Berlusconis Bollore and Berlusconi Should Drop the Bullhead Act Tech Leila Abboud Deal Boost Deal Boost Walmart's shares are trading at their highest value since August 2016 Nickel-and-Diming Walmart's Bargain-Bin E-Commerce Plan Consumer Shelly Banjo Deserved Discount Deserved Discount Burberry's rating reflects its challenges and stronger momentum elsewhere Source: Bloomberg Wanted: Excitement When Burberry's Brexit Tide Goes Out... Consumer Andrea Felsted FTSE 100 decline on Tuesday 2% No More Theresa Maybe We'll Know Soon What Brexit Really Means Markets Lionel Laurent Relentless Relentless The multiyear rise in India's soured bank debt shows no sign of abating Source: Reserve Bank of India Note: Ratio doesn't include restructured debt and unrecognized stressed assets. CELEBRITY DISTRACTION A Sideshow in India's Bad-Debt Epic Finance Andy Mukherjee On Contract On Contract U.S. H-1B visa applications are dominated by IT outsourcing and consulting companies Source: MyVisaJobs.com Based on Labor Condition Applications (LCA) filed in fiscal year 2016. Bosom Buddies Trump Is Tech's New Best Friend Tech Tim Culpan Lowell McAdam will pick up the phone for Anyone Hello? Verizon Waits by the Phone Deals Tara Lachapelle Government Cheese Government Cheese Growth in its Medicaid and Medicare businesses helped boost UnitedHealth shares Tuesday Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Uncle Sam's Club UnitedHealth's Government Growth Can't Be Ignored Health Max Nisen Grainger's Year-to-Date Decline 15% W.W. Grainger Meet the Latest Amazon Victim Industrials Brooke Sutherland Deep Disappointment Deep Disappointment Goldman's shares fell the most in almost a year after it reported earnings Source: Bloomberg Lost in Stagnation Goldman's Edge Cuts Both Ways Finance Lisa Abramowicz Slowing Slowing Bank of America's loans and leases balance grew by less than 1 percent in the 12 months since March 2016, less than the industry average Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Federal Reserve Renewed Interest Bank of America's Bragging Rights Come With an Assist Finance Gillian Tan Deal Pop Deal Pop Shares in Kate Spade fell back down to pre-deal chatter levels after the company reported dismal first quarter results Source: Bloomberg Bag It Kate Spade Needs to Close Its Deal Consumer Shelly Banjo Guess Who Has Enough OLED Screens? Samsung  Weak Link The iPhone Supply Chain Bites Back at Apple Tech Shira Ovide Paper Gains Paper Gains SCA stock has outperformed as investors have egged on a likely demerger Source: Bloomberg Double-Jointed Deals Private Equity Winces as Companies Do the Splits Deals Chris Hughes It's Not All About Brexit It's Not All About Brexit Gilt yields have managed to weather the storm helped by falling yields elsewhere Source: Bloomberg Sterling Surprise Pound Votes for May's Determination Markets Marcus Ashworth Fallen Fortunes Fallen Fortunes While oil values have risen since the recent nadir in 2016, they're still relatively low Source: Bloomberg Use It and Lose It Oil Drillers' Vanishing Safety Net Markets Lisa Abramowicz
Indian firms and H1B visas | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Wed, Apr 19 2017. 10 55 PM IST Casino billionaires, NFL owners fuelled Donald Trump’s record inaugural Among the biggest donors for the Donald Trump inaugural in Washington were casino-owner billionaires Sheldon Adelson and Steve Wynn Subscribe to our newsletter. Bloomberg Washington/Chicago: Contributions from billionaires and corporations pushed US President Donald Trump’s inaugural committee to a new fundraising benchmark of $106.7 million, roughly twice the previous record set by former President Barack Obama’s first inauguration. Among the biggest donors for the celebration of Trump taking office in Washington were casino-owner billionaires Sheldon Adelson and Steve Wynn, a filing of more than 500 pages made public Wednesday by the federal election commission shows. Adelson gave $5 million, while Wynn donated $729,217 through his Wynn Resorts. After staying on the sidelines for much of the 2016 Republican primary, Adelson has embraced the new president and enjoyed a private White House dinner with him in February. His contribution is a record amount from a single donor since inaugural committees started disclosing after Richard Nixon’s presidency. Wynn, who has a long and complex relationship with Trump, is now the top fundraiser for the Republican National Committee. Phil Ruffin, another casino magnate who is a close friend of Trump, contributed $1 million. Among financial institutions, Bank of America gave $1 million, while JP Morgan Chase & Co. gave $500,000. Howard Lutnick, chairman and CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald LLC, gave $1 million. Though Trump tapped the ranks of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. for five appointees, the bank did not make a contribution. Goods and Services Some companies donated goods and services as well as cash. General Motors provided $298,650 worth of vehicles in addition to a $200,000 donation. FedEx Corp. gave $300,000, plus $202,320 of delivery services. AT&T gave $2 million, plus $82,483 in mobile equipment and software. Microsoft gave $500,000, with half in the form of equipment. Four NFL team owners gave $1 million each. Woody Johnson of the New York Jets, Daniel Snyder of the Washington Redskins, Robert McNair of the Houston Texans and the Jacksonville Jaguars’ Shahid Khan all made donations in 2016. In February, Khan, the NFL’s only Muslim owner, publicly opposed Trump’s ban on travel from six predominantly Muslim countries. Kraft Group LLC, a firm associated with New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, also gave $1 million. The energy industry was also supportive. Coal mogul Christopher Cline, principal owner of Foresight Energy Partners, gave $1 million. Chevron Corp. contributed $525,000, and Exxon Mobil Corp. gave $500,000. Harry Pefanis, vice chairman of PAA Natural Gas Storage LP, gave $100,000. Dodd-Frank Critic International Bank Shares Corp., whose CEO Dennis Nixon was an early Trump supporter, gave $250,000. Nixon has long been critical of the Dodd-Frank financial industry reform law, one that Trump has already ordered the treasury department to review. As part of winding down the inaugural committee, the organisation said it plans to identify charities that will receive donations from excess money in its account. The committee did not disclose how much money was left over. “The amount of funds raised for the inaugural celebration allowed the president to give the American people, those both at home and visiting Washington, a chance to experience the incredible moment in our democracy where we witness the peaceful transition of power, a cornerstone of American democracy,” the committee’s chairman, Tom Barrack, said in a statement. For many donors, the inaugural committee represented the last or only chance to get on the Trump bandwagon before he took the oath of office. Corporations, barred by federal law from donating to campaigns, can underwrite the costs of inaugural festivities. No Limit Federal law allows inaugural committees to largely determine their own rules about who can contribute and how much. For his first inauguration, Obama limited donations to $50,000, and did not accept them from corporations or lobbyists. For his second, he raised the limit to $1 million and allowed corporate contributions. Trump’s team set no limit on the amounts individuals and corporations could give. While the committee’s report to the FEC discloses its donors, the first glimpse into its spending doesn’t have to be shared until the spring of 2018, at the earliest, when the committee, a non-profit, files with the internal revenue service. Four years ago, Obama raised $43.7 million for his scaled-down second inauguration, which cost $40.3 million. Four years before that, Obama raised more than $53 million, a record at the time. Bloomberg Topics: Donald Trump Trump inaugural corporate funding Sheldon Adelson Steve Wynn First Published: Wed, Apr 19 2017. 10 55 PM IST Editor's Picks As US visa troubles deepen, more Indians look to come back What led to the crisis at Snapdeal? Coca-Cola’s new ad featuring Deepika Padukone goes viral Latest News Vladimir Putin-linked think tank drew up plan to sway 2016 US election: reports IPL 2017: Kane Williamson, bowlers set up Sunrisers’ 15-run win over Delhi Daredevils Review: Coolpad Note 5 Lite defies limited specs with a convincing user experience Global gold prices steady on geopolitical worries amid firm dollar Supreme Court approves e-auction of Taj Mansingh Hotel Mint On Sunday The fairy tale rise of Aizawl FC India’s African heritage Honey, I know what you did last night Letter from... the Republic of Jugaad Jellyfisher Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Search the Archive   Thursday, 20 April 2017 Sign In Request Trial Home Americas EMEA Asia Columns Features Videos Podcasts Books Calculators Topical Calculators Equity Valuation Calculators Credit Calculators M&A Calculators Rights Issues Calculators Trump 100 days Brexit About Us Journalists What Our Readers Say Case Studies Jobs Contact Us Feedback Home > Considered View > James Gorman rubs Goldman Sachs’ nose in it Top dog 19 April 2017 By Antony Currie Follow @AntonyMCurrie Email Morgan Stanley’s CEO didn’t just hit his return target with a $1.8 bln first-quarter showing. A near-doubling of fixed-income trading revenue, the best of the batch of Wall Street bulge-bracket results, confirmed his chief rival made a mess of the first three months of the year. This content is for Subscribers only To access full Breakingviews.com content you must be a subscriber. Please use the following link to request a trial. Existing Users Log In Close Source: REUTERS/Yuri Gripas Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman participates in a conversation-style interview with Economic Club of Washington in Washington September 18, 2013. Related Links Breakingviews is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Morgan Stanley earnings Reuters: Morgan Stanley's quarterly profit surges on trading gains Subjects Banks Companies & Funds Financial Services Regions Americas United States of America Related Articles Goldman fintech revolution can't come fast enough Morgan Stanley bares limits of animal spirits Morgan Stanley a victim of its own excess Most Popular Goldman fintech revolution can't come fast enough Belated O’Reilly exit shows Fox still on back foot James Gorman rubs Goldman Sachs’ nose in it Akzo's go-it-alone plan has a rose-tinted hue UK election will test markets’ Brexit optimism Context News Morgan Stanley on April 19 reported first-quarter net income available to common shareholders of $1.84 billion, a 74 percent increase on the same period last year. At $1 a share, earnings beat the consensus estimate of sell-side analysts of 87 cents a share. Revenue of $9.74 billion beat the consensus estimate of $9.18 billion. Annualized return on equity for the quarter was 10.7 percent. Earnings benefited from a $112 million tax break associated with a new accounting rule that gives companies a tax benefit when settling employees’ share-based compensation. Without the accounting gain, earnings would have been $1.73 billion and return on equity 10 percent.   Email X Email a friend Please complete the form below. Required fields * * * * (Separate multiple email addresses with commas) Send Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals   Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © Thomson Reuters 2017. All rights reserved.
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money Futures Banks Much More Biotech Markets Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Midday Report: Morgan Stanley Boosts Financials; IBM Drags Dow Into Red Keris Alison Lahiff Apr 19, 2017 12:04 PM EDT Earnings took center stage again with a disappointment from IBM  ( IBM) and a better-than-expected performance from Morgan Stanley  ( MS) dividing markets. The Dow fell for its second day in a row. Morgan Stanley gave rise to the financials sector after posting increases in its quarterly earnings and revenue. The New York-based firm joined Citigroup ( C) , JPMorgan ( JPM) and Bank of America ( BAC) in reporting a solid first quarter. Crude oil prices held near the flatline after a weekly reading on inventories showed a decline, though not as steep as analysts anticipated. U.S. stockpiles shrank by 1 million barrels, more than half the drop a week earlier. Abbott Laboratories  ( ABT) was active after beating estimates on its top- and bottom-line. Sales grew nearly 30% in a year full of acquisitions and product launches. If you liked this article you might like Abbott CEO Upbeat Despite Ongoing Merger Headaches Troubles at a plant acquired with St. Jude and continuing risks to closing the Alere deal linger over M&A spree. William McConnell Apr 19, 2017 8:10 PM EDT Merger Challenges, FDA Concerns Dampen Abbott Gains Despite Strong First Quarter Sales grew 29.7% in a year marked by acquisitions and new products, while comparable operations sales grew 3.2%. William McConnell Apr 19, 2017 5:15 PM EDT S&P 500, Dow End at Session Lows After IBM Disappointment, Crude Slump Earlier market optimism faded as Wednesday wore on and a financials rally gave way to a selloff in Dow Jones Industrial Average component IBM and energy shares. Keris Alison Lahiff Apr 19, 2017 4:04 PM EDT S&P 500 in Red as Energy's Slide Counters Morgan Stanley Gains The S&P 500 hugs the flatline on Wednesday afternoon as a selloff in crude oil prices and energy shares counters better-than-expected earnings from Morgan Stanley. Keris Alison Lahiff Apr 19, 2017 3:17 PM EDT Trending Shark Tank Star Kevin O'Leary on Why Tesla Shares Are Headed for an Epic Crash FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal European Stocks Called Lower as Investors Maintain Cautious Stance Ahead of French Elections Kanye West Has Nothing to Do With This Cool Lifestyle Brand That Quietly Lives Inside Adidas Cramer: These Three Chip Stocks Are Off The Charts Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Latest News Dow 20,404 -118.79 -0.58% Nasdaq 5,863 +13.56 +0.23% S&P 500 2,338 -4.02 -0.17% 3:05 A.M. ET Publicis jumps 3.3% after revenue falls less than expected 3:03 A.M. ET Unilever rises 0.9% at the open after sales rise in the first quarter 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.5% lower at 11,957.22 3:02 A.M. ET Updated Fund managers are loving European stocks despite the French election jitters 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,100.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 4,989.74 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 376.45 2:56 A.M. ET Unilever sales rise, but lag in Europe, U.S. 2:53 A.M. ET Debenhams profit falls; interim dividend unchanged 2:43 A.M. ET Updated This robot explains why you shouldn’t worry about artificial intelligence 2:36 A.M. ET Atlas Copco buys full control of Taiwan's CSKT 2:36 A.M. ET Sky profit falls 11% on soccer TV costs, ad slide 2:34 A.M. ET Moneysupermarket.com sees 2017 on track 2:34 A.M. ET Acacia Mining revenue up 6% on gold price rise 2:33 A.M. ET Unilever revenue rises 6.1% 2:18 A.M. ET Rio Tinto trims copper production target 2:17 A.M. ET Axel Springer buys stake in Uber 2:16 A.M. ET ECB officials warn on cutting stimulus too soon 2:15 A.M. ET National Grid plans share consolidation 2:11 A.M. ET German March producer prices steady in March Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Morningstar Reports U.S. Mutual Fund and ETF Asset Flows for March 2017 By Published: Apr 19, 2017 12:47 p.m. ET Share CHICAGO, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Morningstar, Inc. MORN, -0.17% a leading provider of independent investment research, today reported estimated U.S. mutual fund and exchange-traded fund (ETF) asset flows for March 2017. In March, investors put $31.1 billion into U.S. equity passive funds, up from $29.1 billion in February 2017. On the active side, investors pulled $18.6 billion out of U.S. equity funds during the month, as opposed to $8.9 billion in the previous month. In total for both active and passive funds, U.S. equity has had positive flows for the fifth consecutive month. Morningstar estimates net flow for mutual funds by computing the change in assets not explained by the performance of the fund and net flow for ETFs by computing the change in shares outstanding. Highlights from Morningstar's report about U.S. asset flows in March: Taxable-bond funds attracted the highest total inflows among category groups of $38.1 billion in March. Flows were almost evenly distributed between active and passive taxable-bond funds, underlining that in fixed income, as opposed to equity, active management is alive. International-equity flows have been positive for four consecutive months, indicating renewed investor interest toward diversification overseas. Investors prefer passive international-equity funds, which attracted $20.6 billion in March, while their active counterparts sustained $2.9 billion in outflows. Commodities saw $384 million in outflows from precious-metals funds following a drop in gold prices, which later recovered. The three top-flowing Morningstar Categories in March were unchanged since last month: intermediate-term bond, large blend, and foreign large blend. For intermediate-term bond, active inflows surpassed passive with $10.9 billion and $7.5 billion, respectively. The high-yield bond category saw the largest outflows of $7.5 billion on the active side and $1.1 billion on the passive side. Among top U.S. fund families, PIMCO had inflows of $4.0 billion, surpassing Vanguard in terms of active flows. Vanguard saw inflows of $1.8 billion on the active side and was the top fund family on the passive side, with inflows of $36.2 billion. Providing a sharp contrast to the predicament of active equity managers, all five top-flowing funds in March were bond funds. In addition to PIMCO Income, which has a Morningstar Analyst Rating™ of Silver, fixed-income funds including Bridge Builder Core Bond Fund, Bronze-rated Prudential Total Return Bond, T. Rowe Price New Income Fund, and Gold-rated Dodge & Cox Income attracted more than $1.0 billion each. Gold-rated Vanguard Institutional Index Fund was the passive fund with the worst outflows of $2.6 billion last month. On the active side, two J. P. Morgan funds, JPMorgan High Yield Fund and JPMorgan Short Duration Bond Fund, landed in the bottom-flowing five in March with respective outflows of $1.7 billion and $1.3 billion. To view the complete report, please click here. For more information about Morningstar Asset Flows, please visit http://global.morningstar.com/assetflows.  The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. About Morningstar, Inc.Morningstar, Inc. is a leading provider of independent investment research in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. The company offers an extensive line of products and services for individual investors, financial advisors, asset managers, retirement plan providers and sponsors, and institutional investors in the private capital markets. Morningstar provides data and research insights on a wide range of investment offerings, including managed investment products, publicly listed companies, private capital markets, and real-time global market data. Morningstar also offers investment management services through its investment advisory subsidiaries, with more than $200 billion in assets under advisement and management as of Dec. 31, 2016. The company has operations in 27 countries. Morningstar's Manager Research Group consists of various wholly owned subsidiaries of Morningstar, Inc. including, but not limited to, Morningstar Research Services LLC. Analyst Ratings are subjective in nature and should not be used as the sole basis for investment decisions. Analyst Ratings are based on Morningstar's Manager Research Group's current expectations about future events and therefore involve unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause such expectations not to occur or to differ significantly from what was expected. Analyst Ratings are not guarantees nor should they be viewed as an assessment of a fund's or the fund's underlying securities' creditworthiness. This press release is for informational purposes only; references to securities in this press release should not be considered an offer or solicitation to buy or sell the securities. ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. MORN-R Media Contact:Sarah Pellegrino, +1 312 244-7358 or sarah.pellegrino@morningstar.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/morningstar-reports-us-mutual-fund-and-etf-asset-flows-for-march-2017-300441965.html SOURCE Morningstar, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References MORN -0.13 -0.17% Most Popular How the Trump stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office Book a private jet on your smartphone — for less than a first-class flight This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil The future of video games may be a full-body experience MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Morningstar Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: MORN $77.96 -0.13 (-0.17%) Volume 25487 Open $78.21 High $78.37 Low $77.69 P/E Ratio 20.9 Div Yield 1.18 Market Cap 3.4B
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Embracing Digital, LSAT Loosens Its Grip on the No. 2 Pencil Karen Sloan Law.Com CONTINUE Whittier Law School, Unable to 'Right-Size,' Will Close Leigh Jones The Recorder Lawyers Take Aim at Each Other as O'Reilly Exits Fox Miriam Rozen The AmLaw Daily FTC Tells Paid 'Influencers' to Disclose When Instagram Posts Are #Ads C. Ryan Barber The National Law Journal Law Professors Back Sandy Hook Families in Suit Against Remington Robert Storace The Connecticut Law Tribune Billing and Fees: The Trends, the Feuds and the Future › In-Depth Analysis With Hourly Rates Rising, Report Shows Spotty Record for GC's Cost-Constraint Tactics By Roy Strom|The AmLaw Daily In-Depth Analysis Ailing Energy Industry Still Pumping Bankruptcy Fees Into Big Law Expert Opinion 5 Fundamentals of Collecting Fees Susman Godfrey Retreats From Contingency Model, Looks to Oil and Gas Clients Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Family of Deceased New York Judge Rejects Suicide Theory Andrew Denney New York Law Journal Attorney in Revenge Porn Twitter War Sues DA over Rescinded Job Offer John Council Texas Lawyer This Law Prof Sparked Saturday’s Tax March Over Trump’s Returns Karen Sloan Ex-Law Student Who Stole Laptop Gets Jail Time for Forging Court Document Karen Sloan Trump Business Competitors Allege Unfair Impact in Emoluments Suit Andrew Denney New York Law Journal Addicted or Depressed Lawyers Need More than ‘Wellness’ Patrick R. Krill Law.Com Hawaiian Airlines' Top Lawyer Calls United Fiasco a 'Case Study on What Not to Do' Jennifer Williams-Alvarez Corporate Counsel Popular     Study Shows Big Law Women Pulled to Certain Practice Areas Family of Deceased New York Judge Rejects Suicide Theory Judges Know What 'All Due Respect' Really Means—And Other Tips From the Bench Gorsuch's SCOTUS Debut Offers Clues to Demeanor Dean's Accuser Calls Berkeley Harassment Settlement an 'Insult' PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Why you need to think like a tech company Innovation and disruptive technology are constant themes across all sectors in the Australian economy – no sector is immune. Download No longer a grey area: parallel imports criminal as well as unlawful A Court of Appeal decision has confirmed that the sale of so-called ‘grey goods’ can constitute a criminal offence under section 92 of the Trade Marks Act 1994 (the Act). Download School governors need to be aware of insolvency legislation This briefing the indication to incorporate into the insolvency regime colleges and academies under the Technical and Further Education Bill 2016-7. Download Should you convert your Delaware unclaimed property audit to a voluntary disclosure agreement? The Delaware Secretary of State recently issued a statement to businesses encouraging them to convert their unclaimed property audits to VDAs. Download France implements damages directive The Ordinance introduces new provisions in the Commercial Code that facilitate private actions brought by victims of competition law infringements. Download FCA publishes its mission and annual business plan The Financial Conduct Authority has this week published its Mission, which will give firm and consumers greater clarity about how it prioritises its interventions in financial markets. Download The Financial Report, Volume 6, Number 7 The Financial Report offers financial news from the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe. Download New York City to ban employers from asking job applicants about salary history: compliance action steps New York City is on the verge of joining a growing list of jurisdictions that have prohibited employers from inquiring about a job applicant's salary history during the hiring process. Download California Court rules against air resources board over LCFS but preserves 2017 status quo The Court found that ARB’s failure to properly define the scope of the project caused ARB to use an improper baseline against which NOx emissions could be measured. Download 2018 Philadelphia County Reassessment focuses on high value properties The recent property assessments conducted by Philadelphia County focus on 'high-value' commercial, industrial and institutional properties, with increased assessments likely for many. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Morgan Stanley may be Wall Street's new king - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Morgan Stanley may be Wall Street's new king Posted: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 12:02 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 12:02 PM EDT Morgan Stanley stock rose 3% Wednesday on the back of strong earnings and trading revenues for the first quarter. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Goldman Sachs may have Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, former COO Gary Cohn and several other alums in President Trump's administration. But even though Goldman Sachs may be currying favor in Washington, the company not so affectionately known to some as the Vampire Squid of Wall Street may be losing ground to a key rival: Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley stock rose 3% Wednesday on the back of strong earnings and trading revenues for the first quarter. This comes one day after its direct downtown rival Goldman Sachs disappointed Wall Street with lackluster results, sending its stock tumbling 5%. And other banks, most notably Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase, recently reported solid quarterly results too. Morgan Stanley did particularly well in its bond trading unit. Revenue from fixed-income trading nearly doubled from a year ago. Morgan Stanley chairman and CEO James Gorman said it was one of the "strongest quarters in recent years" for the company and that the bank remained confident even though "the environment remains uncertain." Gorman didn't elaborate on what exactly was so uncertain. But concerns about what the Trump administration's ability to push through spending and tax reform has the potential to weigh on Morgan Stanley and other banks. Trump had called for Congress to undo much of the Dodd-Frank financial reform laws. It is now uncertain whether that will get done anytime soon though. As such, many bank stocks have pulled back sharply from their post-election highs. But Gorman seemed confident that changes will still eventually be made to Dodd-Frank. He told analysts during the company's conference call Wednesday morning that "it is hard to imagine the regulatory burden increasing from this point forward and some of the policy proposals being floated make good common sense." Turmoil in Europe, where worries about the rising tide of populism in the wake of Brexit and upcoming French elections, also has made some investors nervous. Morgan Stanley CFO Jonathan Pruzan noted that European elections could impact the environment for new stock and bond offerings, which could hurt Morgan Stanley's underwriting businesses. Morgan Stanley was one of the leading underwriters of this year's initial public offering of Snapchat parent company Snap Inc. Still, Pruzan remained hopeful that demand for IPOs should remain healthy despite some concerns about more market volatility. Investors clearly aren't worried either. Morgan Stanley's stock has outperformed Goldman Sachs this year -- and it has done so since the November presidential election and over the past 12 months as well. Morgan Stanley's stock is now back in positive territory for 2017 thanks to its rally on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs shares are down 10%, putting it in a virtual three-way tie with oil giants Chevron and Exxon Mobil as the worst Dow stocks of 2017. So even though Goldman Sachs has more friends in high places, it doesn't seem as if that's translating into a boost to its bottom line just yet. Morgan Stanley, on the other hand, is just chugging along -- and winning approval from Wall Street in the process. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Casino Billionaires, NFL Owners Fueled Trump's Record Inaugural Fundraising by Bill Allison More stories by Bill Allison and John McCormick @McCormickJohn More stories by John McCormick April 19, 2017, 9:37 AM EDT April 19, 2017, 4:17 PM EDT Contribution of $5 million from Adelson sets modern-era record Energy and financial-services interests kicked in millions Las Vegas Sands Corp. Chairman and CEO Sheldon Adelson speaks on Oct. 1, 2014, in Las Vegas. Photographer: Ethan Miller/Getty Images Contributions from billionaires and corporations pushed President Donald Trump’s inaugural committee to a new fundraising benchmark of $106.7 million, roughly twice the previous record set by former President Barack Obama’s first inauguration. Among the biggest donors for the celebration of Trump’s taking office in Washington were casino-owner billionaires Sheldon Adelson and Steve Wynn, a filing made public Wednesday by the Federal Election Commission shows. Adelson gave $5 million, while Wynn donated $729,217 in entertainment through his Wynn Resorts Ltd. Companies and individuals in the energy and financial-services industries also kicked in several million dollars’ worth of contributions, according to the 500-plus-page filing. Owners of NFL teams or their companies supplied at least $5 million. After staying on the sidelines for much of the 2016 Republican primary, Adelson -- a top donor known for backing Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu -- has embraced the new president and enjoyed a private White House meal with him in February. Adelson’s contribution is a record amount from a single donor since inaugural committees started disclosing after Richard Nixon’s presidency. Casino Ties Wynn, who has a long and complex relationship with Trump, is now the top fundraiser for the Republican National Committee. Phil Ruffin, another casino magnate who is a close friend of Trump, contributed $1 million. Trump himself once ran as many as four casinos, including properties bearing his name in Atlantic City, New Jersey, for two decades. Since Trump’s election, casino owners have been planning to renew their push to legalize sports betting on their properties beyond the four states where it’s now permitted. The issue is different from online gambling, which is legal in three states. The industry is split on whether consumers should be allowed to bet online, with some casino operators, most notably Adelson, opposed. Also listed in the filing is $1 million from Robert Mercer, the hedge fund manager who has been one of Trump’s biggest donors. The fundraising record was generated even though Trump’s celebration was viewed as smaller-scale than previous celebrations. For now, his inaugural committee isn’t required to disclose how it spent the money or what remains in its bank account, although it has pledged to donate the remaining funds to charities. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters Wednesday that he doesn’t think there are any legitimate conflict-of-interest concerns stemming from inaugural funding from corporations and mega-donors. “I think this is just like a campaign,” he said. “There’s disclosure on this for a reason, so you know what’s happening.” Long Tradition He called the inaugural funding a “nonpartisan activity” and long tradition in which lots of Americans and companies proudly participate. Some companies have shown a hesitancy to get too involved with politics during the Trump era, but that wasn’t reflected in the inaugural donations. “I don’t expect a long-term backlash against specific companies since most people understand that these types of donations are typical, regardless of political affiliation,” said Carol Spieckerman, a retail and branding consultant. “Much also depends on whether Mr. Trump decides to call out the fundraising numbers and specific company’s contributions. Doing so could polarize support for the associated company brands.” Finance Industry Among financial institutions, Bank of America Corp. gave $1 million, while JP Morgan Chase & Co. gave $500,000. Howard Lutnick, chairman and CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald LLC, gave $1 million. Though Trump tapped the ranks of Goldman Sachs Group Inc.  for five appointees, the bank didn’t make a contribution. Steven Cohen, a billionaire who runs Point72 Asset Management LP, gave $1 million, and Blackstone Group LP Chairman Stephen Schwarzman donated $250,000. Detroit-based Quicken Loans Inc., whose founder and chairman is Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert, gave $750,000. Charles Schwab, the discount-brokerage founder, sent $1 million. And billionaire investor Paul Singer, who didn’t support Trump during the campaign, gave $1 million. Some companies donated goods and services as well as cash. FedEx Corp. gave $300,000, plus $202,320 of delivery services. AT&T Inc. gave $2 million, plus $82,483 in mobile equipment and software. Microsoft Corp. gave $500,000, with half in the form of equipment. Comcast Corp. and Anheuser-Busch each gave $250,000. Four NFL team owners gave $1 million each. Woody Johnson of the New York Jets, Daniel Snyder of the Washington Redskins, Robert McNair of the Houston Texans, and the Jacksonville Jaguars’ Shahid Khan all made donations in 2016. In February, Khan, the NFL’s only Muslim owner, publicly opposed Trump’s ban on travel from six predominantly Muslim countries. Kraft Group LLC, a firm associated with New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, also gave $1 million. Autos, Health Care General Motors Co. provided $298,650 worth of vehicles and a $200,000 donation toward Trump’s inauguration, while Ford Motor Co. contributed $250,000. Henry R. Kravis, husband of former Ford director Marie-Josee Kravis, gave $1 million. GM and Ford were among the carmakers that succeeded in pushing the Trump administration to review fuel economy and emissions standards that call for companies’ vehicle fleets to average more than 50 miles per gallon by 2025. Donations also came from health-care companies that could be affected by policy decisions, including any changes to Obamacare. Anthem Inc., which remains entangled in legal challenges tied to its merger attempt with Cigna Corp., gave $100,000. Aetna Inc. donated $100,000. Metlife Inc. gave $250,000 and Caremark Rx, a division of CVS Health Corp., donated $25,000. Pharma, Coal Pfizer Inc., the largest U.S. drugmaker, gave $1 million, while Amgen Inc. donated $500,000. The pharmaceutical industry is in the midst of a multimillion-dollar campaign to repair its reputation after criticism over high drug prices. Pfizer’s donation on Dec. 22 came before Trump’s threats as president to use the government’s buying power to force prices down and his accusation that the industry is “getting away with murder.” Trying to restore coal-industry jobs was a frequent campaign theme for Trump, and some of the industry’s top players wrote big checks to celebrate his victory. Joseph W. Craft, chairman of Alliance Holdings GP LP, gave $1 million through his trust. Craft had signed on to back Trump’s campaign financially after he secured the nomination in May. Christopher Cline, principal owner of Foresight Energy Partners, gave $1 million. J. Clifford Forrest, a Pennsylvania coal executive who owns Rosebud Mining Co., gave $1 million. In March, Trump issued an executive order calling for the Clean Power Plan, an Obama administration initiative that critics charged would bankrupt the coal industry, to be scrapped. Energy Contributions Trump’s inaugural committee also received support from other of the largest U.S. energy industry companies, including Chevron Corp., which contributed $525,000, and Exxon Mobil Corp., which gave $500,000. John B. Hess, CEO of Hess Corp., contributed $1 million. Citgo Petroleum Corp., which is owned by Venezuelan state oil company Petroleos de Venezuela SA, contributed $500,000. Green Plains Renewable Fuels gave $1 million in December. Todd Becker, the firm’s CEO, said Trump would be good for the ethanol industry that month, but was critical of a proposed rule brokered in February by billionaire Carl Icahn, a special adviser to Trump, that would change the way the industry is regulated. International Bank Shares Corp., whose CEO Dennis Nixon was an early Trump supporter, gave $250,000. Nixon has long been critical of the Dodd-Frank financial industry reform law, one that Trump has already ordered the Treasury Department to review. For many donors, the inaugural committee represented the last or only chance to get on the Trump bandwagon before he took the oath of office. Corporations, barred by federal law from donating to campaigns, can underwrite the costs of inaugural festivities. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Federal law allows inaugural committees to largely determine their own rules about who can contribute and how much. For his first inauguration, Obama limited donations to $50,000, and didn’t accept them from corporations or lobbyists. For his second, he raised the limit to $1 million and allowed corporate contributions. Trump’s team set no limit on the amounts individuals and corporations could give. While the committee’s report to the FEC discloses its donors, the first glimpse into its spending doesn’t have to be shared until the spring of 2018, at the earliest, when the committee, a nonprofit, files with the Internal Revenue Service. Four years ago, Obama raised $43.7 million for his scaled-down second inauguration, which cost $40.3 million. Four years before that, Obama raised more than $53 million, a record at the time. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Ivanka Fights to Protect Her First Name A Look at the Ugly Side of Getting Rich Markets Start to Ponder the $13 Trillion Gorilla in the Room Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone’s 10th Anniversary Larry Fink: ‘Warning Signs Are Getting Darker’ for the U.S. Economy Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money Futures Banks Much More Biotech Markets Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Morgan Stanley's Fixed-Income Growth Crushes Wall Street Rivals James Langford Apr 19, 2017 2:59 PM EDT Fixed-income trading grew more rapidly at Morgan Stanley (MS) than any of its Wall Street competitors at the beginning of 2017, a period in which U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn in and Britain began negotiating to leave the European Union. The New York-based firm's fixed-income trading revenue rose 96% in the three months through March, according to a statement, while comparable businesses expanded 19% at Citigroup (C)  , 17% each at JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Bank of America (BAC)  and just 1% at Goldman Sachs (GS) . Total sales and trading revenue, including stock transactions with clients, climbed 30% to $3.5 billion, helping drive Morgan Stanley's profits to $1 a share, above the 89-cent average estimate from analysts surveyed by FactSet. Net income, including benefits from a new accounting policy for equity awards, climbed 74% to $1.84 billion. The results "capped off a strong quarter for the large banks, which in aggregate saw capital markets increase 21% year over year," Richard Ramsden, an analyst with Goldman Sachs who has a neutral rating on the shares, said in a note to clients. In addition to the global political shifts that helped its rivals, Morgan Stanley also benefited from CEO James Gorman's streamlining initiative, which included cutting 25% of the fixed-income trading unit's staff in 2016. "Obviously, we are happy with the way the quarter turned out," Gorman said on a conference call with analysts. "We're pleased to see the results of the many difficult decisions and business growth initiatives bear fruit as we begin 2017." Fixed-income trading revenue of $1.7 billion in the three months through January compared with an average $1.3 billion per quarter last year, slightly higher than an internal target of $1 billion. EXCLUSIVE LOOK INSIDE: Citigroup is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS charitable trust portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buy or sell the stock? Learn more now. The company should be able to meet that goal with ease for the rest of 2017, Keefe Bruyette & Woods analyst Brian Kleinhanzl said, increasing last year's revenue by 0.7%. Profit in the institutional securities business, which also includes investment banking, more than doubled in the three months through March. Stock and bond underwriting climbed a combined 131%, easily making up for a decline in M&A advisory services. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like S&P 500, Dow End at Session Lows After IBM Disappointment, Crude Slump Earlier market optimism faded as Wednesday wore on and a financials rally gave way to a selloff in Dow Jones Industrial Average component IBM and energy shares. Keris Alison Lahiff Apr 19, 2017 4:04 PM EDT S&P 500 in Red as Energy's Slide Counters Morgan Stanley Gains The S&P 500 hugs the flatline on Wednesday afternoon as a selloff in crude oil prices and energy shares counters better-than-expected earnings from Morgan Stanley. Keris Alison Lahiff Apr 19, 2017 3:17 PM EDT Cramer: We Need Leadership As markets yo-yo, both bulls and bears are left seeking leadership. Jim Cramer Apr 19, 2017 3:04 PM EDT Trending Shark Tank Star Kevin O'Leary on Why Tesla Shares Are Headed for an Epic Crash FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal European Stocks Called Lower as Investors Maintain Cautious Stance Ahead of French Elections Kanye West Has Nothing to Do With This Cool Lifestyle Brand That Quietly Lives Inside Adidas Cramer: These Three Chip Stocks Are Off The Charts Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     April 20, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum Spark UP Research Video RSS Downloads Bworldonline.com Weekender Top Story Top Asia currency forecaster flags outlook Posted on April 20, 2017 SINGAPORE -- Beware the rally in emerging-market currencies: the best quarterly performance in almost seven years is about to reverse. An employee stands amongst stacks of South Korean won for delivery to commercial banks at the Bank of Korea's headquarters in Seoul in this 2013 file photo. -- AFP    RELATED STORIES Peso weakens further on geopolitical noise Peso extends slide as geopolitical tensions cause safe-haven buying Peso weakens vs dollar Peso to stay within P49:$1 level ahead of US, EU data Peso climbs to fresh peak as sentiment improves That’s the message from the most-accurate forecaster of developing-nation Asian currencies last quarter: Wells Fargo & Co. “We don’t see continued appreciation through the rest of the year,” said Nicholas Bennenbroek, head of currency strategy at the US bank in New York. “Federal Reserve interest-rate increases should continue at a steady pace, which should weigh on most foreign currencies, including Asian currencies.” South Korea’s won, Indonesia’s rupiah and Thailand’s baht will all decline more than two percent in the next nine months, according to Wells Fargo forecasts. WEAKER BUT MORE RESILIENT The rupee and the peso will also weaken, but will be more resilient due to the hawkishness of the Indian and Philippine central banks, said Mr. Bennenbroek. The Bloomberg-JPMorgan Asia Dollar Index, which tracks 10 regional currencies excluding the yen, rose 2.5% in the first quarter, the most since the three months to September 2010. Why the negativity on Asian currencies? “Among the contributing factors to the solid performance of Asian currencies during the first quarter was the strength of global equity markets and periods of corrective US dollar weakness following rate hikes in December and March,” Mr. Bennenbroek said. “We don’t expect the pace of equity-market gains will match their recent rapid pace, and indeed there may be periods of weakness,” he added. “A less favorable global equity market environment will also remove a source of support for Asian currencies.” Why will the rupee and peso outperform? “Most Asian currencies should decline versus the greenback, although there should be winners and losers,” Mr. Bennenbroek said. “The rupee will be relatively resilient due to India’s solid economy and a reasonably prudent and neutral monetary policy that is leaning hawkish rather than dovish,” and sound external accounts. Strong economic growth and the possibility of interest rate hikes are supportive factors for the peso. The peso will weaken 1.2% to 50.25 per dollar over the next nine months, while the rupee will decline 1.3% to 65.50, Wells Fargo forecasts. Apart from the Fed, what are the other risks? The won will weaken due to subdued economic growth, an on-hold central bank and some softening in Korea’s external accounts that has made the currency more sensitive to global events. The main risks that Asian currencies will underperform Wells Fargo forecasts are financial-market instability or economic disappointment in China, or challenging trade negotiations and relationships with the US, he said. That would be particularly negative for the yuan and the won. There are also geopolitical risks related to North Korea that would probably affect South Korea the most. -- Bloomberg E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.    MORE STORIES Mine review proceeds amid Cabinet row Top Asia currency forecaster flags outlook Surging imports drive March BoP to biggest deficit in four months Friendliest countries for expat families IMF sees sustained Philippine growth Supreme Court stops QC from collecting higher realty tax Government mulls sale of $200-M panda bonds It’s final: SEC foreign ownership rules legal Human rights issue could have wider PHL-EU trade impact February remittances steady    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. ALI to develop estates in Cavite, Davao 2. Mine review proceeds amid Cabinet row 3. Shares drop on Wall Street’s slump, lack of leads 4. After China, SM Prime sets sights on ASEAN 5. ERC commissioners turn against Chair Salazar over appointments 1. Deserving Bulls 2. Revisiting DST on advances between affiliates 3. Bangkok to ban street food stalls in clean-up crusade 4. It’s final: SEC foreign ownership rules legal 5. Online gaming seen to drive office space demand © 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Morgan Stanley may be Wall Street’s new king Morgan Stanley may be Wall Street’s new king Posted on Wednesday, April 19, 2017 by CNN in Business News Goldman Sachs may have Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, former COO Gary Cohn and several other alums in President Trump’s administration. But even though Goldman Sachs may be currying favor in Washington, the company not so affectionately known to some as the Vampire Squid of Wall Street may be losing ground to a key rival: Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley stock rose 3% Wednesday on the back of strong earnings and trading revenues for the first quarter. This comes one day after its direct downtown rival Goldman Sachs disappointed Wall Street with lackluster results, sending its stock tumbling 5%. And other banks, most notably Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase, recently reported solid quarterly results too. Morgan Stanley did particularly well in its bond trading unit. Revenue from fixed-income trading nearly doubled from a year ago. Morgan Stanley chairman and CEO James Gorman said it was one of the “strongest quarters in recent years” for the company and that the bank remained confident even though “the environment remains uncertain.” Gorman didn’t elaborate on what exactly was so uncertain. But concerns about what the Trump administration’s ability to push through spending and tax reform has the potential to weigh on Morgan Stanley and other banks. Trump had called for Congress to undo much of the Dodd-Frank financial reform laws. It is now uncertain whether that will get done anytime soon though. As such, many bank stocks have pulled back sharply from their post-election highs. But Gorman seemed confident that changes will still eventually be made to Dodd-Frank. He told analysts during the company’s conference call Wednesday morning that “it is hard to imagine the regulatory burden increasing from this point forward and some of the policy proposals being floated make good common sense.” Turmoil in Europe, where worries about the rising tide of populism in the wake of Brexit and upcoming French elections, also has made some investors nervous. Morgan Stanley CFO Jonathan Pruzan noted that European elections could impact the environment for new stock and bond offerings, which could hurt Morgan Stanley’s underwriting businesses. Morgan Stanley was one of the leading underwriters of this year’s initial public offering of Snapchat parent company Snap Inc. Still, Pruzan remained hopeful that demand for IPOs should remain healthy despite some concerns about more market volatility. Investors clearly aren’t worried either. Morgan Stanley’s stock has outperformed Goldman Sachs this year — and it has done so since the November presidential election and over the past 12 months as well. Morgan Stanley’s stock is now back in positive territory for 2017 thanks to its rally on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs shares are down 10%, putting it in a virtual three-way tie with oil giants Chevron and Exxon Mobil as the worst Dow stocks of 2017. So even though Goldman Sachs has more friends in high places, it doesn’t seem as if that’s translating into a boost to its bottom line just yet. Morgan Stanley, on the other hand, is just chugging along — and winning approval from Wall Street in the process. Amtrak Acela introduces Dunkin' Donuts coffee Emirates cuts flights to U.S. as Trump's policies hit bookings Related Posts Google extends Windows XP support for Chrome until April 2016 Holiday hangover: Best Buy dives 15% National Gas Price Averages Drop Two Days Straight Instagram launches suicide prevention tool Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alteryx Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alteryx Inc (AYX) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at KeyCorp Alteryx Inc (AYX) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at William Blair Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Zpg Plc (ZPG) Kennedy-Wilson Holdings’ (KW) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG UBM Plc (UBM) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital EnerSys (ENS) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows James Todd Parsons Sells 166,500 Shares of Sernova Corp. (SVA) Stock Ted Baker plc (TED) Given ” Buy” Rating at Liberum Capital Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Barracuda Networks’ (CUDA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Robert W. Baird Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Americafirst Capital Management LLC Buys New Stake in Endo International plc – (ENDP) Graybill Bartz & Assoc Ltd. Acquires 295 Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Tompkins Financial Corp Takes Position in Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Heritage Investors Management Corp Lowers Position in Raytheon Company (RTN) Heritage Investors Management Corp Has $300,000 Position in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) Position Boosted by Tompkins Financial Corp Heritage Investors Management Corp Cuts Position in Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 20th Insider Selling: Toll Brothers Inc (TOL) President Sells 7,836 Shares of Stock Alteryx Inc (AYX) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at William Blair April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet William Blair initiated coverage on shares of Alteryx Inc (NYSE:AYX) in a report released on Tuesday. The brokerage issued an outperform rating and a $17.00 price target on the stock. Several other analysts have also issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday. They issued a neutral rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc. started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a report on Tuesday. They set an outperform rating and a $20.00 price objective for the company. JMP Securities started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a report on Tuesday. They set an outperform rating and a $20.00 price objective for the company. Pacific Crest started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a report on Tuesday. They set an overweight rating and a $20.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a report on Tuesday. They set a buy rating and a $20.00 price objective for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $19.50. Alteryx (NYSE:AYX) traded down 0.67% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $16.23. 57,092 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Alteryx has a 1-year low of $14.61 and a 1-year high of $17.50. The company’s 50-day moving average is $16.06 and its 200-day moving average is $16.06. The company’s market capitalization is $530.28 million. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/alteryx-inc-ayx-coverage-initiated-by-analysts-at-william-blair.html. In other Alteryx news, major shareholder Iconiq Strategic Partners Ii, acquired 675,000 shares of Alteryx stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $14.00 per share, with a total value of $9,450,000.00. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. About Alteryx Alteryx, Inc is a United States-based provider of self-service data analytics software. The Company offers various products, such as Alteryx Designer, Alteryx Server and Alteryx Analytics Gallery. Alteryx Designer is a repeatable workflow for self-service data analytics. Alteryx Designer allows data analysts by combining data preparation, data blending, and analytics-predictive, statistical and spatial-using the same user interface. Receive News & Ratings for Alteryx Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alteryx Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alteryx Inc (AYX) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at KeyCorp Alteryx Inc (AYX) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at William Blair Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Zpg Plc (ZPG) Kennedy-Wilson Holdings’ (KW) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG UBM Plc (UBM) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital EnerSys (ENS) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows James Todd Parsons Sells 166,500 Shares of Sernova Corp. (SVA) Stock Ted Baker plc (TED) Given ” Buy” Rating at Liberum Capital Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Barracuda Networks’ (CUDA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Robert W. Baird Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Americafirst Capital Management LLC Buys New Stake in Endo International plc – (ENDP) Graybill Bartz & Assoc Ltd. Acquires 295 Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Tompkins Financial Corp Takes Position in Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Heritage Investors Management Corp Lowers Position in Raytheon Company (RTN) Heritage Investors Management Corp Has $300,000 Position in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) Position Boosted by Tompkins Financial Corp Heritage Investors Management Corp Cuts Position in Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 20th Insider Selling: Toll Brothers Inc (TOL) President Sells 7,836 Shares of Stock Alteryx Inc (AYX) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at KeyCorp April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet KeyCorp began coverage on shares of Alteryx Inc (NYSE:AYX) in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage issued an overweight rating and a $20.00 price objective on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. William Blair assumed coverage on Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday. They issued an outperform rating and a $17.00 price target on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc. assumed coverage on Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday. They issued an outperform rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. JMP Securities assumed coverage on Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday. They issued an outperform rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. Cowen and Company assumed coverage on Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday. They issued an outperform rating and a $21.00 price target on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday. They issued a neutral rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. Alteryx presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $19.50. Shares of Alteryx (NYSE:AYX) traded down 0.18% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $16.31. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 56,992 shares. Alteryx has a one year low of $14.61 and a one year high of $17.50. The company’s market capitalization is $532.90 million. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $16.06 and its 200-day moving average is $16.06. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/alteryx-inc-ayx-coverage-initiated-by-analysts-at-keycorp.html. In other news, major shareholder Iconiq Strategic Partners Ii, acquired 675,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were bought at an average price of $14.00 per share, with a total value of $9,450,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. About Alteryx Alteryx, Inc is a United States-based provider of self-service data analytics software. The Company offers various products, such as Alteryx Designer, Alteryx Server and Alteryx Analytics Gallery. Alteryx Designer is a repeatable workflow for self-service data analytics. Alteryx Designer allows data analysts by combining data preparation, data blending, and analytics-predictive, statistical and spatial-using the same user interface. Receive News & Ratings for Alteryx Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 ETFs To Think About If You Want Exposure To Facebook FB is well positioned for future growth Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Don't Make These Costly Mistakes When Booking Your Summer Travel Don't go broke on vacation My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Morgan Stanley (MS) Q1 Earnings Beat Driven by Higher Trading April 19, 2017, 08:11:45 AM EDT By Richard Saintvilus Shutterstock photo Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) are rising modestly in pre-market activity Wednesday, gaining more than 2.2% after the investment banking giant reported first quarter fiscal 2017 earnings results that topped Wall Street's estimates on both the top and bottom lines. With better-than-expected results already released from JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM) and Bank of America (BAC), which cited strong trading activity, Morgan Stanley not only followed suit with its own solid numbers -- 87% surge in Institutional Securities profits -- the New York-based company also issued solid guidance, suggesting it sees no signs of slowing down. In the three months that ended March, Morgan Stanley easily surpassed analysts' profit expectations, delivering first quarter earnings of $1.00 per share on revenue of $10.94 billion, which easily beat the Thomson Reuters estimate for a per-share profit of 90 cents on revenue of $9.27 billion. The fact that year-over-year profits rose 82% from 55 cents a year ago suggests Wall Street underestimated the underlying strength of Morgan Stanley’s business. “We reported one of our strongest quarters in recent years. All our businesses performed well in improved market conditions," said CEO James Gorman in a statement. "We are confident in our business model and the opportunities ahead, while recognizing that the environment remains uncertain.” Ahead of the quarter, there were concerns about the extent to which Morgan Stanley's trading capabilities would suffer, as well as weakness in its fixed income, currencies and commodities segment (FICC), which had faced challenges. But with FICC revenue surging 122% year over year to $531 million, Morgan Stanley answered the call. Combined with Institutional Securities revenues reaching $5.2 billion and Wealth Management revenues of $4.1 billion, Morgan Stanley showed no weaknesses. The strength in the company's revenue and trading business makes MS stock, which had fallen almost 9% in the past month and down 2.46% year to date, a compelling bargain. Plus, with consensus 2017 EPS estimates of $3.39 per share calling for 16% year-over-year growth, I'm still calling for MS stock to reach $50 in 2017, delivering 22% returns. The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Earnings , Banking and Loans , Stocks Referenced Symbols: MS , JPM , BAC More from Richard Saintvilus Subscribe Follow Richard on Twitter Related Earnings Articles Subscribe Q1 Earnings Season Off to a Solid Start 4/19/2017 06:39 PM Q1 Earnings Season Off to a Solid Start 4/19/2017 06:39 PM eBay (EBAY) Posts Q1 Earnings Beat, Revenue Climbs 4% 4/19/2017 06:07 PM Contributor: Richard Saintvilus Follow on: Most Popular Highest Rated United Continental Holdings Inc. Q1 Income Retreats 70% Netflix Inc. Q1 Income Rises 536% Trump Administration Refrains From Tagging Any Country 'Currency Apple considers bidding for big stake in Toshiba's chip business Citigroup Inc. Reports 17% Rise In Q1 Profit JPMorgan Chase appoints Jill Biden to Military and Veterans Affairs... VivoPower International PLC Announces a Joint Venture for a 1.8 GW... iCo Therapeutics Announces Year End 2016 Financial Results Over 200 Fintech Startup Finalists to Celebrate Worldwide Fintech... View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced MS 78% Rate It JPM 72% Rate It BAC 75% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market S&P, NASDAQ rise on bank and tech gains; IBM dents Dow S&P, NASDAQ rise on bank and tech gains; IBM dents Dow The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq rose on Wednesday, aided by banks and technology stocks, while a drop in IBM weighed on the Dow. The gain in financials was underpinned by a 3 percent jump in shares of Morgan Stanley, which reported a surge in quarterly profit. By: Reuters | Updated: April 19, 2017 7:51 PM At 9:44 a.m. ET (1344 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 12 points, or 0.06 percent, at 20,511.28, the S&P 500 was up 6.37 points, or 0.27 percent, at 2,348.56 and the Nasdaq Composite index was up 28.40 points, or 0.49 percent, at 5,877.87. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq rose on Wednesday, aided by banks and technology stocks, while a drop in IBM weighed on the Dow. The gain in financials was underpinned by a 3 percent jump in shares of Morgan Stanley, which reported a surge in quarterly profit. Morgan Stanley’s solid results provided some succour to investors stung by weak results at chief rival Goldman Sachs a day earlier. Shares of Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo edged up slightly. “This bounce today in U.S. equities is perhaps investors looking beyond daily moves,” said James Athey, senior investment manager at Aberdeen Asset Management. “While there has been some disappointment, the big picture has not vastly changed. We’re still talking about a global economy which is doing better and central banks that are looking to normalise, and all of that should be supportive for risk assets.” Shares of IBM sank 5 percent to $161.75 after the company reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters. The stock was the biggest drag on the Dow and the S&P. At 9:44 a.m. ET (1344 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 12 points, or 0.06 percent, at 20,511.28, the S&P 500 was up 6.37 points, or 0.27 percent, at 2,348.56 and the Nasdaq Composite index was up 28.40 points, or 0.49 percent, at 5,877.87. You may also like to watch: With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump’s ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will justify pricey market valuations. So far, the results have been promising. Of the 45 S&P 500 companies that have released results, nearly 76 percent have topped earnings estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.7 percent in the quarter – the best since 2011. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher. Utilities, real estate and consumer staples, which have risen in the past few days, were down. Facebook was up 1 percent and provided the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq. Intuitive Surgical was up 6.4 percent at $806.58 after the company reported higher-than-expected first-quarter revenue and profit. American Express, eBay and Qualcomm are scheduled to report results after the market closes. In economic data, the Federal Reserve’s Beige Book, which will give a glimpse into economic conditions across the United States, is due at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT). Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,792 to 760. On the Nasdaq, 1,680 issues rose and 605 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 13 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 33 highs and nine lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) No Comments. Trending Now Stem cells and the art of giving NEET 2017 Exam Admit Card to be released on Saturday; check cbseneet.nic.in for updates Demonetisation: RBI turns to NID for recycling shredded Rs 500, Rs 1000 banned notes; nationwide competition on cards Facebook using Artificial Intelligence-infused camera across its products US approves $295 million arms sale to Iraq AIADMK's TTV Dinakaran asked to appear before Delhi Police on April 22 Facebook developing technology to build global community: Mike Schroepfer Himachal Pradesh CM Virbhadra Singh to appear before ED Panchkula AJL case: ED questions Congress leader Motilal Vora, ex-Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda Decline in railway earnings from scrap e-auction Rishi Kapoor on BMC radar for axing 'extra' branches of banyan tree inside his bungalow at Pali Hill Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News आयकर विभाग की छापेमारी में यूपी के अफसर के घर से मिला 10 करोड़ कैश, 8 किलो जूलरी गोतस्कर समझ पशुपालक पहलू खान की हत्या के आरोपी से मिलीं साध्वी, कहा- यही हैं आज के शहीद भगत सिंह और चंद्रशेखर आजाद अब ट्रेन की हर बोगी में होगा इम्पोर्टेड कोरियाई मटेरियल वाला 3.5 लाख रुपए का टॉयलेट Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper S&P, Nasdaq rise on bank and tech gains; IBM dents Dow Jones PublishedApr 19, 2017, 10:07 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4BGF Copy NEW YORK (REUTERS) - The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq rose on Wednesday, aided by banks and technology stocks, while a drop in IBM weighed on the Dow. The gain in financials was underpinned by a 3 percent jump in shares of Morgan Stanley, which reported a surge in quarterly profit. Morgan Stanley's solid results provided some succor to investors stung by weak results at chief rival Goldman Sachs a day earlier. Shares of Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo edged up slightly. "This bounce today in U.S. equities is perhaps investors looking beyond daily moves," said James Athey, senior investment manager at Aberdeen Asset Management. "While there has been some disappointment, the big picture has not vastly changed. We're still talking about a global economy which is doing better... and central banks that are looking to normalize, and all of that should be supportive for risk assets." At 9:44 a.m. ET (9:44 p.m Singapore time), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 12 points, or 0.06 per cent, at 20,511.28, the S&P 500 was up 6.37 points, or 0.27 per cent, at 2,348.56 and the Nasdaq Composite index was up 28.40 points, or 0.49 per cent, at 5,877.87. With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will justify pricey market valuations. So far, the results have been promising. Of the 45 S&P 500 companies that have released results, nearly 76 percent have topped earnings estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.7 percent in the quarter - the best since 2011. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher. Topics:  STOCK MARKET US ECONOMY More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4BGF Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content kaplan_a125867_2017apr17_300x200_st_ros.jpg Marketing 2030: Automation and augmentation the new reality g2000_a125767_2017apr17_300x200_stadv2.jpg Working for the money? Not for this accountant turned florist pru_a125897_2017apr17_300x200_st_ros.jpg Prevention is better than cure, as healthcare costs keep rising steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video IBM sends S&P 500, Dow lower; Nasdaq advances Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Thu Apr 20, 2017 | 6:01am IST IBM sends S&P 500, Dow lower; Nasdaq advances By Chuck Mikolajczak | NEW YORK NEW YORK The S&P 500 and Dow closed lower and the Nasdaq advanced on Wednesday as investors digested the latest round of earnings, while a drop in oil prices weighed on the energy sector. IBM (IBM.N) sank 4.9 percent to $161.69 after the company reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P and the price-weighted Dow. "Usually the bigger names are the bellwethers, people look to them for some signals on the overall health, and sometimes the companies that report later that beat are lost in that shuffle," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The energy sector .SPNY slumped 1.4 percent for its fifth drop in six sessions as oil prices settled nearly 4 percent lower. U.S. data showed a counter-seasonal build in gasoline inventories and a smaller-than-expected decline in overall crude stocks and sent U.S. crude below the $52 a barrel mark for the first time in two weeks. "Certainly oil has been weakening for a couple of days and that has been putting some pressure on things," said Jankovskis. Morgan Stanley (MS.N) rose 2 percent after posting a surge in quarterly profit, taking some of the sting out of a disappointing report from Goldman Sachs on Tuesday. Of the 57 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported earnings through Wednesday morning, 75.4 percent have topped expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters. Overall, profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.8 percent in the quarter - the best since 2011. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 119.13 points, or 0.58 percent, to 20,404.15, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 4.03 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,338.16 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 13.56 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,863.03. The S&P 500 failed to climb above its 50-day moving average, a level which has acted as resistance since the benchmark index fell below it last week. With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will be strong enough to justify pricey market valuations. Mounting tension between North Korea and the United States, along with political uncertainty in Europe ahead of the French presidential elections, have also served to keep investors cautious. Intuitive Surgical (ISRG.O) gained 6.4 percent at $807.94 to help lift the Nasdaq after the company reported higher-than-expected first-quarter revenue and profit. The stock was on track for its best day in nearly two years. The U.S. economy expanded at a modest-to-moderate pace between mid-February and the end of March, but inflation pressures remained in check despite more difficulties in attracting and retaining workers, the Federal Reserve said. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.12-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.52-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 21 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 80 new highs and 39 new lows. About 6.60 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.31 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports HONG KONG Asian stocks erased early losses and edged higher on Thursday as steadying commodity prices, especially crude oil, prompted some bargain hunting by investors. Oil prices claw back some losses, but oversupply still weighs SINGAPORE Oil prices regained some ground on Thursday after steep losses the previous day, with a slight drop in U.S. crude inventories stoking hopes that a global supply overhang might slowly retreat. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick RBI to keep rates steady over the next 18 months: Reuters poll Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Money US STOCKS-S&P, Nasdaq rise on bank and tech gains; IBM dents Dow Shares1 Wed, 19 Apr 2017-07:37pm , Reuters The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq rose on Wednesday, aided by banks and technology stocks, while a drop in IBM weighed on the Dow. The gain in financials was underpinned by a 3 percent jump in shares of Morgan Stanley, which reported a surge in quarterly profit. Morgan Stanley's solid results provided some succor to investors stung by weak results at chief rival Goldman Sachs a day earlier. Shares of Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo edged up slightly. "This bounce today in U.S. equities is perhaps investors looking beyond daily moves," said James Athey, senior investment manager at Aberdeen Asset Management. "While there has been some disappointment, the big picture has not vastly changed. We're still talking about a global economy which is doing better... and central banks that are looking to normalize, and all of that should be supportive for risk assets." Shares of IBM sank 5 percent to $161.75 after the company reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters. The stock was the biggest drag on the Dow and the S&P. At 9:44 a.m. ET (1344 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 12 points, or 0.06 percent, at 20,511.28, the S&P 500 was up 6.37 points, or 0.27 percent, at 2,348.56 and the Nasdaq Composite index was up 28.40 points, or 0.49 percent, at 5,877.87. With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will justify pricey market valuations. So far, the results have been promising. Of the 45 S&P 500 companies that have released results, nearly 76 percent have topped earnings estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.7 percent in the quarter - the best since 2011. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher. Utilities, real estate and consumer staples, which have risen in the past few days, were down. Facebook was up 1 percent and provided the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq. Intuitive Surgical was up 6.4 percent at $806.58 after the company reported higher-than-expected first-quarter revenue and profit. American Express, eBay and Qualcomm are scheduled to report results after the market closes. In economic data, the Federal Reserve's Beige Book, which will give a glimpse into economic conditions across the United States, is due at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT). Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,792 to 760. On the Nasdaq, 1,680 issues rose and 605 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 13 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 33 highs and nine lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Is blind hiring the best hiring? Money Salary received in NRE a/c is not taxable Money Will your job stay after long sabbatical? Money H1-B Visa gag to crimp IT firms' margins 2-3% Money Beacon manufacturers don't see red in 'red-beacon' ban Money DG Shipping warns Indian ships to stay away from Gulf of Aden Next Article > British parliament backs Theresa May's plan for June 8 snap election Next node British parliament backs Theresa May's plan for June 8 snap election Related H1-B Visa gag to crimp IT firms' margins 2-3% TCS unperturbed by possible changes to H1-B visa regime: Rajesh Gopinathan Malcolm Turnbull does a Donald Trump: Toughens Australian foreign worker visas used largely by Indians Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags Donald Trump IBM Morgan Stanley Aberdeen Asset Management American Express Bank of America Facebook Goldman Sachs Qualcomm Thomson Reuters United States Wells Fargo S&P Dow Jones Industrial Average NYSE Nasdaq Composite Thomson Reuters I/B/E U. S. Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News 'You have no sense of responsibility': NGT rebukes Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on Yamuna damage May to make election pledge to end EU free movement of people into UK - Daily Mail Watchdog says Yemen rebel land mines killed, maimed hundreds Another death row inmate's life spared in Arkansas EU's top diplomat says China's New Silk Road must be open to Europeans Sport FEATURE-Athletics-New U.S. relays coach has big task - finding gold Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says FACTBOX-Athletics-The ups and downs of U.S. men's 4x100m relays Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, April 20 Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says Entertainment Michael B Jordan to star in 'Fahrenheit 451' film adaptation HC restrains police from action against Shah Rukh Khan in property damage case during 'Raees' promotions A decade long romance: Films that captured Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's on-screen chemistry Kashish 2017 to crowdfund South Asia's biggest LGBTQI film fest Rishi Kapoor on BMC radar for axing 'extra' branches of tree Money Global Q1 health IT VC deals at $1.6 bn; Indian tally at $61mn Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Franklin Templeton MF hikes stake in Somany Ceramics to 5.22% Zinc futures down 1 pc on muted demand, profit-booking GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-S&P, Nasdaq rise on bank and tech gains; IBM dents Dow By Reuters Published: 10:04 EDT, 19 April 2017 | Updated: 10:04 EDT, 19 April 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan April 19 (Reuters) - The S&amp;P 500 and the Nasdaq rose on Wednesday, aided by banks and technology stocks, while a drop in IBM weighed on the Dow. The gain in financials was underpinned by a 3 percent jump in shares of Morgan Stanley, which reported a surge in quarterly profit. Morgan Stanley's solid results provided some succor to investors stung by weak results at chief rival Goldman Sachs a day earlier. Shares of Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo edged up slightly. "This bounce today in U.S. equities is perhaps investors looking beyond daily moves," said James Athey, senior investment manager at Aberdeen Asset Management. "While there has been some disappointment, the big picture has not vastly changed. We're still talking about a global economy which is doing better... and central banks that are looking to normalize, and all of that should be supportive for risk assets." Shares of IBM sank 5 percent to $161.75 after the company reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters. The stock was the biggest drag on the Dow and the S&amp;P. At 9:44 a.m. ET (1344 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 12 points, or 0.06 percent, at 20,511.28, the S&amp;P 500 was up 6.37 points, or 0.27 percent, at 2,348.56 and the Nasdaq Composite index was up 28.40 points, or 0.49 percent, at 5,877.87. With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will justify pricey market valuations. So far, the results have been promising. Of the 45 S&amp;P 500 companies that have released results, nearly 76 percent have topped earnings estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Overall profits of S&amp;P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.7 percent in the quarter - the best since 2011. Eight of the 11 major S&amp;P 500 sectors were higher. Utilities, real estate and consumer staples, which have risen in the past few days, were down. Facebook was up 1 percent and provided the biggest boost to the S&amp;P and the Nasdaq. Intuitive Surgical was up 6.4 percent at $806.58 after the company reported higher-than-expected first-quarter revenue and profit. American Express, eBay and Qualcomm are scheduled to report results after the market closes. In economic data, the Federal Reserve's Beige Book, which will give a glimpse into economic conditions across the United States, is due at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT). Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,792 to 760. On the Nasdaq, 1,680 issues rose and 605 fell. The S&amp;P 500 index showed 13 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 33 highs and nine lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway Heating things up 'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new music video... shot the day before terror attack Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Romantic vacation 'Don't say that!' Sam Faiers scolds beau Paul Knightley as he BLASTS Loose Women panel with foul-mouthed slur... after they slam him for THAT kiss Time to Chris and make-up? Jesy Nelson taunts ex Clark as she flashes assets in sexy red leather bralet as Little Mix star prepares to 'paint the town red' Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA Flaunted her bump in a clinging low-cut number  What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her 'Lock up daughters and crowbars!': Corrie viewers AGHAST as Tina McIntyre's killer Rob Donovan makes return to the cobbles to meet Tracy Barlow 'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together How romantic Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  EXCLUSIVE: 'She met up with him and they went to a pool party': TOWIE's Kate Wright 'enjoyed dates with Rio Ferdinand in Dubai'... as poses in swimwear Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester) 'It's all a lot looser': Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd makes VERY lewd profession about pregnant star on Mummy Diaries... as fans fawn over Nelly She snaps back quick! Slender Amanda Seyfried makes first red carpet appearance with Thomas Sadoski after giving birth last month Return to spotlight So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Full family outing  Oh not again, Abbey! Bleary-eyed Clancy appears worse for wear as she is guided into car by husband Peter Crouch following star-studded dinner TOWIE's Courtney Green enjoys campsite night with beau Myles Barnett in saucy reunion... as Chloe Lewis admits to sex on the beach That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and patterned tights in London Gone with the wind! Lucy Mecklenburgh almost suffers a serious wardrobe faux pas when her bright orange floral dress blows up as she heads out in LA All that glitters! Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown as she attends Harper's Bazaar bash in New York Got her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash Ready to have fun 'Where has he been hiding?' Pregnant Binky Felstead shares a treasured family throwback... as fans go crazy for her 'hot' older brother Oliver Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  Hollywood nights Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles All bundled up  in sweats and a bomber jacket Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA Looked in fine form Emmerdale star Lucy Pargeter, 40, joyously announces arrival of twin daughters with fiancé Rudi Coleano... after conceiving using IVF Lily Aldridge flashes flesh in gold velvet dress with asymmetric rear sash at World Of Children Hero Awards She's no stranger to showing a bit of skin TOWIE star Ferne McCann 'dumps' her boyfriend after police 'find guns and drugs' at his home and hunt him over nightclub acid attack  Beaming Lisa Snowdon dazzles in flirty frilled blouse as she cosies up to dashing fiancé George Smart at star-studded art gallery bash Bust date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson A very plunging dress for her night out  All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC Warm spring temperatures  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'too soon' to start dating again following the tragic death of her husband René Angélil Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled An all-star cast EXCLUSIVE Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead 'Do not disturb!' Make-up free Ashley James shows off her incredible body in sexy 'mankini' style bikini as she relaxes in hammock after swim on idyllic Mexican holiday Pretty in pink! Priyanka Chopra takes the plunge in cutout dress at Harper's Bazaar's 150th anniversary party Miss World 2000 Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her age-defying figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway JoJo Fletcher and Jordan Rodgers wear matching leather jackets as they share a kiss at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere Dressing together Matching cleavage! Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event Former supermodel 'We talk about children. All the time!' Geordie Shore's Charlotte Crosby reveals she's 'baby mad' and has already picked out names Teddy and Wolf with beau Stephen Bear 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises' RHOC star Missé Beqiri adds fuel to pregnancy speculation with beau Jake Hall as she strategically masks her stomach... yet swiftly DELETES and replaces shot She wasn't EX-pecting to see him! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in VERY sexy lace bustier top as attends same private view as her former MIC flame Spencer Matthews 'Double trouble': Alexa Chung wears playful slogan T-shirt with oversized fluffy jacket and cropped jeans as she touches down in LA  New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot Snap, snapping away Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mum' 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian 'I love the big guy!' Delta Goodrem continues to fuel romance rumours with The Voice co-star Seal while chatting to Today's Karl Stefanovic...who jokes about their own tabloid 'relationship' A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood 'It's going to be a scarier version': Chris Pratt teases the storyline behind upcoming sequel Jurassic World 2 Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her blossoming bump in a jumpsuit on Instagram... just a day after celebrating her 30th birthday 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album Baby on board! Katherine Heigl slips on motorcycle jacket and jeans for flight out of LAX with four-month-old son Joshua Jr. Newly single Mel B wows in a striped blue dress as she steps out for meeting... after it's revealed star will join Spice Girls reunion following split from 'unnerving' Stephen Belafonte Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Looking incredible Caitlyn Jenner steps out after revealing she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage  Lauren Goodger shrouds her curves in a grey T-shirt and black leggings as she heads to the gym... after putting on a bodacious bikini display in Dubai Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Fab in florals! Tyra Banks is radiant in colorful pantsuit at star-studded Freeform Upfront event Khloe Kardashian rocks track pants after visiting Tristan Thompson...as it's claimed she is 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over new tell-all book PICTURED: Ferne McCann kisses bad boy beau Arthur Collins in happier times... as she demands he turns himself in to police over nightclub acid attack When life gives you lemons! Defiant Vicky Pattison hits back at weight gain claims in VERY busty yellow bikini... as fans laud her 'phenomenal' looks Millie Mackintosh exudes Grecian goddess glamour in a halterneck ivory gown as she jets over to Monaco for her SIXTH getaway in just four months 'Hell NO, I'm not pregnant': Coronation Street's Tina O'Brien forced to deny she's expecting her third child after fans tweet about her on-screen 'bump'  No lady Doctor in the Tardis (for now): BBC writes to worried fan to 'assure' them that Peter Capaldi's replacement WON'T be a woman 'He's funny... and has a big c***': Heather Locklear crudely reveals the appeal of ex David Spade amid his romance with Naya Rivera Jon Hamm's kidnapper divorces the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in new season three trailer Showing him what he's missing! Mariah Carey, 47, flaunts her generous chest in low-cut LBD after split from beau Bryan Tanaka, 34 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man and was 'prepared to lose everything' Get ready beauty lovers! Kylie Jenner gives her fans a sneak peek at new KKW make-up collaboration with sister Kim Kardashian after teasing the collection in a video  Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace 'What a fantastic day!' Jessica Ennis-Hill is joined by dapper husband Andy Hill as she's made a Dame by Duke of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace Ronnie Wood's ex Jo is left 'furious' after she was thrown off an overbooked easyJet flight on her way home from Easter break  My mini me! Low-key Jenna Dewan enjoys girls' day out with adorable daughter Everly Happy days  Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Things working out? Hilary Duff shows off toned legs in skintight leggings as she exercises with (and stares adoringly at) ex Jason Walsh Getting her smile back: Billie Lourd is cheered up by beau Taylor Lautner as she puts on a leggy display during shopping trip Ready to mingle? Brad Pitt 'has been dating a bit' just six months after split with Angelina Jolie The actor 'has been dating' according report from People magazine. Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  'I didn't want to fail this child!': Katherine Heigl says she deliberated for nine months before naming son after husband Joshua Kelley Happy birthday sweetie! Katie Holmes unveils three cakes for daughter Suri's 11th birthday party... while Tom Cruise jets around Europe Out of this world! Gigi Hadid wears NASA cap with oversized sweats on casual solo outing in New York The 21-year-old covered up while on a solo outing Strike a pose! Ashley Graham flashes her cleavage and shapely legs in slinky LBD for New York photo shoot Showing all her best bits Doting dad! Ben Affleck steps out with son Samuel... after it's revealed Jennifer Garner 'waited to file for divorce until after his rehab stint' Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James 'Nothing to see here!' Rachel Riley left red-faced after cheeky Countdown spelling incident... as viewers take to Twitter in amusement The 70s called... Tallia Storm flaunts  abs in tiny pink crop top and patterned flares...after revealing she's moved on from Brooklyn with mystery older man VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'You lazy cows are still in bed?' Abbey Clancy joins forces with her personal trainer brother to put the BNTM girls through their paces 'People don't want to know you!' BNTM's first transgender model Talulah-Eve poses in her underwear... as she reveals tension with Abbey Clancy Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris 'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression' Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami 'Claustrophobia rocks!' Josh Brolin begins pre-production for Deadpool 2 with face cast as Cable Stop the music! Prince's estate sues his long-time sound engineer over planned release of six unheard tracks from the late singer, citing 'theft and misappropriation of trade secrets' Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle NFL stars and Snoop Dog slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben Affleck until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous Pregnant Chanelle Hayes debuts her bare baby bump in a stunning shoot... after revealing she's expecting a second boy  Glowing 'I was LIVING': Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video EXCLUSIVE 'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby return at Cannes Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans 'I'm going to mention it in my Christmas card': Julia Roberts receives People's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a FIFTH time... beating pal George Clooney record Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama A Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family 'I want to do it justice for survivors': Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon defends her grooming storyline... after it's revealed the character will be raped Gail Porter flashes a smile as she steps out in London... three months after revealing her bankruptcy woes The TV presenter, 46, was seen smiling  Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film The Promise on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's release in an attempt to discredit Armenian genocide Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit the latest issue of Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Kate's show of support: Dressed-down Duchess of Cambridge hosts a reception for Heads Together Marathon runners at Kensington Palace 'It is horrible that people can do that': Elsa Pataky weighs in on celebrity photo hacking and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones Defiant Chloe Sims steps out in casual blue shirt for TOWIE filming amid explosive rivalry with Megan McKenna over her ex Pete Wicks Drama to one side 'Be with someone you'd want your daughter to be with': Jamie O'Hara takes a thinly veiled dig at Ferne McCann His cousin was a victim Boyfriend of TOWIE's Ferne McCann pictured living the high-life and swigging champagne just days before becoming a suspect in acid attack 'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in Hollywood 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ Open and honest  'He brings joy into our lives!' Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears Geordie Shore's Elettra Lamborghini leaves Chloe Ferry in tears as she gets STEAMY in the shower with Marty McKenna... with backlash from fans 'Hard work pays off!' MIC's Louise Thompson displays her gym-honed six-pack as she goes braless in a bandeau top  Body beautiful Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney 'Are you obsessed with dieting?' Loose Women cause a Twitter storm for probing fantastic looking Rosemary Conley, 70, about her weight Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she pines for Coachella in throwback snap Pining for the sunshine 'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good' 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?' Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Super WAG Coleen Rooney grabs a cup of coffee on the go as she runs early morning errands around Cheshire in paint splattered sweater Nick Knowles looks dapper as he leaves BBC studios ahead of his new presenting role in collaboration with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 'Always wants what she can't have!' Stephanie Davis lashes out at 'compulsive liar' Danielle Armstrong in support of TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou 'No one knows anything about us': Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before first fashion campaign The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof Joking about the highly publicised incident Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills Opted to make a humanitarian statement 'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49 'I don't MEAN to swear - it just slips out!' Gordon Ramsay insists his notorious penchant for bad language is not intentional... and that his mother tells him off for it Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  Chose a fitted dress 'My FAT driver is questioning my health': Outraged Size 22 model Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol Chloe Madeley flaunts her incredibly gym-honed frame in a skimpy red bikini... as she jokes about her holiday diet taking its toll Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser Lee Ryan erupts into a fit of giggles as Eamonn Holmes accidentally introduces him as a Blue Peter presenter in hilarious live TV gaffe Not that squeaky clean Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London Make-up free Jessie Wallace keeps it casual in workout leggings and a baggy tee as she runs errands Worlds away from leopard print-loving Kat EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris The supermodel caught the eye of many Prince Harry insists he was just 'doing his bit' by revealing his mental health battles after his mother's death - and says Diana would be 'encouraged' to see it Tangerine dream! Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging keyhole swimwear as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway 'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lack Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Halma plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Halma plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Upgraded to Hold by Canaccord Genuity GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,720 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Now Covered by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Lgo Energy PLC’s (LGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at VSA Capital Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Halma plc’s (HLMA) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Motif Bio PLC (MTFB) Receives “Buy” Rating from FinnCap NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) Decreases By 3.0% Short Interest in PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Drops By 38.4% NMI Holdings Inc (NMIH) Short Interest Update Marine Harvest ASA (MHG) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.47 Dover Motorsports (DVD) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 Denison Mines Corp (DNN) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Tableau Software (DATA) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS John Hancock Financial Opprts Fund (BTO) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows United Financial Bancorp Inc (UBNK) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Core Molding Technologies (CMT) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Halma plc’s (HLMA) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated their neutral rating on shares of Halma plc (LON:HLMA) in a research note published on Tuesday morning. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Barclays PLC raised Halma plc to an overweight rating and lifted their price target for the company from GBX 1,070 ($13.47) to GBX 1,150 ($14.47) in a report on Friday, February 3rd. BNP Paribas cut their price target on Halma plc from GBX 900 ($11.33) to GBX 875 ($11.01) and set an underperform rating on the stock in a report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 910 ($11.45) price target on shares of Halma plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on Halma plc in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. They set an overweight rating and a GBX 1,190 ($14.98) price target on the stock. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd lifted their price target on Halma plc from GBX 1,160 ($14.60) to GBX 1,200 ($15.10) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 1,072.09 ($13.49). Halma plc (LON:HLMA) opened at 1032.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 3.91 billion. Halma plc has a 52-week low of GBX 854.01 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,131.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 1,002.24 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 982.88. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/halma-plcs-hlma-neutral-rating-reaffirmed-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. About Halma plc Halma plc is involved in the manufacture of a range of products that protect and improve the quality of life for people. The Company operates through four segments: Process Safety, Infrastructure Safety, Medical, and Environmental & Analysis. The Process Safety includes products, which protect assets and people at work, including specialized interlocks, instruments, and explosion protection and corrosion monitoring products. Receive News & Ratings for Halma plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Halma plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lancashire Holdings Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Upgraded to Hold by Canaccord Genuity GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,720 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Now Covered by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Lgo Energy PLC’s (LGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at VSA Capital Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Halma plc’s (HLMA) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Motif Bio PLC (MTFB) Receives “Buy” Rating from FinnCap NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) Decreases By 3.0% Short Interest in PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Drops By 38.4% NMI Holdings Inc (NMIH) Short Interest Update Marine Harvest ASA (MHG) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.47 Dover Motorsports (DVD) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 Denison Mines Corp (DNN) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Tableau Software (DATA) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS John Hancock Financial Opprts Fund (BTO) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows United Financial Bancorp Inc (UBNK) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Core Molding Technologies (CMT) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Upgraded to Hold by Canaccord Genuity April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Canaccord Genuity upgraded shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) to a hold rating in a report published on Tuesday. Canaccord Genuity currently has GBX 630 ($7.93) price target on the stock. Several other research firms have also recently commented on LRE. Macquarie reissued an underperform rating and issued a GBX 530 ($6.67) price target on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Shore Capital reissued a buy rating on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Peel Hunt reissued a hold rating and issued a GBX 630 ($7.93) price target on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Numis Securities Ltd cut Lancashire Holdings Limited to a hold rating and raised their price target for the company from GBX 720 ($9.06) to GBX 735 ($9.25) in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating and issued a GBX 595 ($7.49) price objective on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 660.18 ($8.31). Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) opened at 690.00 on Tuesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.37 billion. Lancashire Holdings Limited has a 12 month low of GBX 467.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 775.00. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 686.35 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 687.25. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Upgraded to Hold by Canaccord Genuity” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/lancashire-holdings-limited-lre-upgraded-to-hold-by-canaccord-genuity.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Investors of record on Thursday, February 23rd were paid a €0.10 ($0.11) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.08%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, February 23rd. In other Lancashire Holdings Limited news, insider Alex Maloney sold 59,539 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 672 ($8.46), for a total transaction of £400,102.08 ($503,589.78). Also, insider Elaine Whelan sold 4,723 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 690 ($8.68), for a total value of £32,588.70 ($41,017.87). Lancashire Holdings Limited Company Profile Lancashire Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company’s principal activity, through its subsidiaries, is the provision of global specialty insurance and reinsurance products. The Company operates through five segments: Property, Energy, Marine, Aviation and Lloyd’s. It underwrites worldwide, insurance and reinsurance contracts that transfer insurance risk, including risks exposed to both natural and man-made catastrophes. Receive News & Ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Start-ups Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading HSBC and 17 other financial firms heat up race for fintech talent in Hong Kong  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Start-ups FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY HSBC and 17 other financial firms heat up race for fintech talent in Hong Kong PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 19 April, 2017, 8:57pm UPDATED : Wednesday, 19 April, 2017, 8:57pm Comments:   Bien Perez bien.perez@scmp.com http://twitter.com/BienPerez Share PrintEmail Eighteen major financial institutions are heating up the race in Hong Kong to find innovative start-ups that could disrupt their industry as the city hosts Asia-Pacific’s largest financial technology accelerator programme for the fourth consecutive year. Senior banking executives said on Wednesday that Accenture’s FinTech Innovation Lab Asia-Pacific provided an important platform for entrepreneurs to connect with industry experts. Increased interest in the programme follows the rising fintech investments in the region, according to Accenture. HK government keen on fintech advancement in city, says minister Its analysis of data from venture capital database service CB Insights showed Asia-Pacific fintech investments in the first quarter totalled US$1.1 billion, representing 21 per cent of the US$5.1 billion invested in this segment globally. In a statement, longstanding FinTech Innovation Lab partner HSBC Holdings described Hong Kong’s fintech community as a key pillar supporting its continued growth as a financial centre. “During the past three years, we have mentored dozens of start-up and new technology companies, offered expert advice on their fintech services and products, and performed proof-of-concept [trials] on their cutting-edge technologies,” said Raymond Cheng Siu-hong, the group general manager and chief operating officer for Asia-Pacific at HSBC. “Working with these companies, we have launched innovative ways to make banking faster, easier and safer.” An emerging Asia-Pacific fintech hub: Hong Kong The institutions that have joined HSBC as principal backers for this year’s staging of the programme are Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Macquarie Group, Morgan Stanley, Nomura, Societe Generale and Sun Life Financial. Other supporting organisations include China Citic Bank International, China Construction Bank, Manulife, Maybank, Point72 Asset Management, Siam Commercial Bank and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group. “As a global financial institution, we’re investing US$3 billion in technology growth initiatives – specifically in digital, mobile and online platforms,” said Simon Lucocq, the head of Asia-Pacific technology and operations at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. “Here in Asia-Pacific, we believe we can play a valuable role in fostering start-ups to be sustainable and successful companies.” Fintech isn’t new or hot, it’s a basic requirement. It has to be part of standard operating procedures for financial institutions today Jon Allaway, Accenture The FinTech Innovation Lab, which will accept applications between April 24 and May 31, is geared for entrepreneurs developing disruptive technologies for the financial services sector, including so-called big data and internet of things, analytics, identity management and blockchain, the digital ledger technology behind cryptocurrency bitcoin. Chief technology officers and senior technology executives from the financial institutions will select up to eight applicants to participate in the programme, which will start on August 21. They will also provide these entrepreneurs with mentoring sessions and networking opportunities. “Start-ups still struggle to meet senior executives of financial institutions unless they get an introduction through programmes like our lab,” said Jon Allaway, a senior managing director at Accenture and the executive sponsor of the FinTech Innovation Lab in the region. Fintech advances prompt lenders to become start up friendly Cyberport, which houses the largest fintech community in Hong Kong, will provide the workspace to participating entrepreneurs while accommodations in the city are provided by J Plus Hotel by Yoo in Causeway Bay. The programme will culminate in November with a “Demo Day” presentation by selected participants in front of an audience of venture capitalists and financial industry executives. “Fintech isn’t new or hot, it’s a basic requirement,” Allaway said. “It has to be part of standard operating procedures for financial institutions today because if you’re not innovating, you’re not keeping pace with what your customers want and you need to do for your business.” Globally, the FinTech Innovation Labs’ alumni companies have raised more than US$480 million in venture financing after participating in the programme.   Most Popular Viewed 1 A plea for rules, even if Hong Kong loses to Singapore in fintech 2 Tencent co-founder leads HK$900m fundraising by Chinasoft 3 Xiaomi bets on Mi6 smartphone to regain its mojo in China 4 Taiwan taps Asian growth in e-games with opening of eStadium 5 Chinese firm halves costs by hiring army of robots Shared 1 A plea for rules, even if Hong Kong loses to Singapore in fintech 2 Chinese firm halves costs by hiring army of robots 3 Tencent co-founder leads HK$900m fundraising by Chinasoft 4 Taiwan taps Asian growth in e-games with opening of eStadium 5 Xiaomi bets on Mi6 smartphone to regain its mojo in China Commented 1 Artist Ai Weiwei takes to social media after HSBC rejects application 2 Notorious Hong Kong gangster Yip Kai-foon, who inspired hit film, dead at 55 3 Health chiefs want 80pc rise in A&E charge at public hospitals 4 US vice-president to North Korea: ‘The sword stands ready’ 5 Why so many young liberal Filipinos support Duterte’s drug war Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017 SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like China China launches revamped ‘green cards’ to lure foreign talent 18 Apr 2017 - 10:43pm 14 Zero Carbon Building reveals Hong Kong's eco-home potential In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Hong Kong hikers warned as deaths exceed 2016 total in four months 17 Apr 2017 - 10:53pm 19 [SCMP Archive] Mothers’ love Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School Hong Kong Hong Kong pay TV firm i-Cable takes ‘important step’ to stay afloat 18 Apr 2017 - 10:55pm 3 China How students cheated in China’s imperial civil service exams 18 Apr 2017 - 11:35am 4 Hong Kong Yip Kai-foon, Hong Kong's ‘King of Thieves’ dies in hospital Apr 19th 2017, 5:10pm China More Chinese flocking back home after studying abroad 17 Apr 2017 - 8:27am 73 Hong Kong ‘Nano’ flats on the rise amid high property prices 17 Apr 2017 - 10:59pm 9 Insight & Opinion How culture shock means sure turbulence on US-China flights 18 Apr 2017 - 9:07am 26 China ‘Hong Kong separatism’ on Communist Party security agenda 16 Apr 2017 - 8:13am 34 Hong Kong Why more and more Hong Kong women are falling victim to online dating scams 16 Apr 2017 - 3:28am 57 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as earnings pick up US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as earnings pick up Source : Last Updated: Wed, Apr 19, 2017 18:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Morgan Stanley rises as profit surges * Fed to release Beige Book at 2:00 p.m. ET * IBM drops on bigger-than-expected revenue decline * Futures up: Dow 44 pts, S&P 8.75 pts, Nasdaq 24 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan April 19 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open higher on Wednesday as investors moved on to the next set of earnings reports, a day after Wall Street lost some ground due to weak results from some corporate heavyweights. Morgan Stanley helped the rebound, rising nearly 3 percent in premarket trading after reporting a surge in quarterly profit. Shares of Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo edged up slightly. Key companies scheduled to release results after markets close on Wednesday include Dow component American Express , eBay and Qualcomm. Tepid quarterly numbers from Goldman Sachs and Johnson & Johnson pulled the major U.S. stock indexes lower on Tuesday. Dow e-minis were up 44 points, or 0.22 percent, at 8:32 a.m. ET (1232 GMT), with 21,661 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 8.75 points, or 0.37 percent, with 124,872 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 24 points, or 0.45 percent, on volume of 24,602 contracts. "This bounce today in U.S. equities is perhaps investors looking beyond daily moves," said James Athey, senior investment manager at Aberdeen Asset Management. "While there has been some disappointment, the big picture has not vastly changed. We're still talking about a global economy which is doing better... and central banks that are looking to normalize, and all of that should be supportive for risk assets." With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping quarterly earnings will justify pricey market valuations. So far, first-quarter earnings have been promising. Of the 45 S&P 500 companies that have released results, nearly 76 percent have topped earnings estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.7 percent in the quarter - the best since 2011. While no top-tier economic data is due on Wednesday, investors will keep an eye on the Federal Reserve's Beige Book, which will give a glimpse into economic conditions across the United States. The data is due at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT). Shares of IBM sank 5.3 percent to $161.05 after the company reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters. Abbott was up 2.7 percent after reporting higher- than-expected profit and sales. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28420.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.7%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28420.00 (0%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video IBM sends S&P 500, Dow lower; Nasdaq advances Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Thu Apr 20, 2017 | 6:01am IST IBM sends S&P 500, Dow lower; Nasdaq advances By Chuck Mikolajczak | NEW YORK NEW YORK The S&P 500 and Dow closed lower and the Nasdaq advanced on Wednesday as investors digested the latest round of earnings, while a drop in oil prices weighed on the energy sector. IBM (IBM.N) sank 4.9 percent to $161.69 after the company reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P and the price-weighted Dow. "Usually the bigger names are the bellwethers, people look to them for some signals on the overall health, and sometimes the companies that report later that beat are lost in that shuffle," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The energy sector .SPNY slumped 1.4 percent for its fifth drop in six sessions as oil prices settled nearly 4 percent lower. U.S. data showed a counter-seasonal build in gasoline inventories and a smaller-than-expected decline in overall crude stocks and sent U.S. crude below the $52 a barrel mark for the first time in two weeks. "Certainly oil has been weakening for a couple of days and that has been putting some pressure on things," said Jankovskis. Morgan Stanley (MS.N) rose 2 percent after posting a surge in quarterly profit, taking some of the sting out of a disappointing report from Goldman Sachs on Tuesday. Of the 57 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported earnings through Wednesday morning, 75.4 percent have topped expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters. Overall, profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.8 percent in the quarter - the best since 2011. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 119.13 points, or 0.58 percent, to 20,404.15, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 4.03 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,338.16 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 13.56 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,863.03. The S&P 500 failed to climb above its 50-day moving average, a level which has acted as resistance since the benchmark index fell below it last week. With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will be strong enough to justify pricey market valuations. Mounting tension between North Korea and the United States, along with political uncertainty in Europe ahead of the French presidential elections, have also served to keep investors cautious. Intuitive Surgical (ISRG.O) gained 6.4 percent at $807.94 to help lift the Nasdaq after the company reported higher-than-expected first-quarter revenue and profit. The stock was on track for its best day in nearly two years. The U.S. economy expanded at a modest-to-moderate pace between mid-February and the end of March, but inflation pressures remained in check despite more difficulties in attracting and retaining workers, the Federal Reserve said. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.12-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.52-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 21 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 80 new highs and 39 new lows. About 6.60 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.31 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports HONG KONG Asian stocks erased early losses and edged higher on Thursday as steadying commodity prices, especially crude oil, prompted some bargain hunting by investors. Oil prices claw back some losses, but oversupply still weighs SINGAPORE Oil prices regained some ground on Thursday after steep losses the previous day, with a slight drop in U.S. crude inventories stoking hopes that a global supply overhang might slowly retreat. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick RBI to keep rates steady over the next 18 months: Reuters poll Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Academy US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as earnings pick up Shares1 Wed, 19 Apr 2017-06:37pm , Reuters U.S. stocks looked set to open higher on Wednesday as investors moved on to the next set of earnings reports, a day after Wall Street lost some ground due to weak results from some corporate heavyweights. Morgan Stanley helped the rebound, rising nearly 3 percent in premarket trading after reporting a surge in quarterly profit. Shares of Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo edged up slightly. Key companies scheduled to release results after markets close on Wednesday include Dow component American Express , eBay and Qualcomm. Tepid quarterly numbers from Goldman Sachs and Johnson & Johnson pulled the major U.S. stock indexes lower on Tuesday. Dow e-minis were up 44 points, or 0.22 percent, at 8:32 a.m. ET (1232 GMT), with 21,661 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 8.75 points, or 0.37 percent, with 124,872 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 24 points, or 0.45 percent, on volume of 24,602 contracts. "This bounce today in U.S. equities is perhaps investors looking beyond daily moves," said James Athey, senior investment manager at Aberdeen Asset Management. "While there has been some disappointment, the big picture has not vastly changed. We're still talking about a global economy which is doing better... and central banks that are looking to normalize, and all of that should be supportive for risk assets." With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping quarterly earnings will justify pricey market valuations. So far, first-quarter earnings have been promising. Of the 45 S&P 500 companies that have released results, nearly 76 percent have topped earnings estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.7 percent in the quarter - the best since 2011. While no top-tier economic data is due on Wednesday, investors will keep an eye on the Federal Reserve's Beige Book, which will give a glimpse into economic conditions across the United States. The data is due at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT). Shares of IBM sank 5.3 percent to $161.05 after the company reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters. Abbott was up 2.7 percent after reporting higher- than-expected profit and sales. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Maulvi said 'taqla taqla taqla' so Sonu Nigam said 'qabool hai': Twitter in splits over singer's 'bald' statement   Comments   Also Read Academy Safeguarding children from digital addiction India Girls constitute only 26% of total students at engg colleges Academy What works in education — a look at the best practices Academy Why the school trip is not a picnic Academy Are we preparing our kids for 21 century? Academy New site to guide young inventors applying for patents Next Article > US: 14-year-old Muslim girl's hijab ripped off, called 'terrorist' < Previous ArticleNext Article > Maulvi said 'taqla taqla taqla' so Sonu Nigam said 'qabool hai': Twitter in splits over singer's 'bald' statement Next node US: 14-year-old Muslim girl's hijab ripped off, called 'terrorist' Related Donald Trump’s H1B proposal forces students to look elsewhere Will Indian students be distanced from the American dream? What does Trump’s victory mean for Indian students? Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags Donald Trump Aberdeen Asset Management American Express Bank of America Goldman Sachs IBM Morgan Stanley Qualcomm Thomson Reuters United States Wells Fargo S&P U. S. Wall Street Abbott Thomson Reuters I/B/E SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News 'You have no sense of responsibility': NGT rebukes Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on Yamuna damage May to make election pledge to end EU free movement of people into UK - Daily Mail Watchdog says Yemen rebel land mines killed, maimed hundreds Another death row inmate's life spared in Arkansas EU's top diplomat says China's New Silk Road must be open to Europeans Sport FEATURE-Athletics-New U.S. relays coach has big task - finding gold Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says FACTBOX-Athletics-The ups and downs of U.S. men's 4x100m relays Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, April 20 Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says Entertainment Michael B Jordan to star in 'Fahrenheit 451' film adaptation HC restrains police from action against Shah Rukh Khan in property damage case during 'Raees' promotions A decade long romance: Films that captured Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's on-screen chemistry Kashish 2017 to crowdfund South Asia's biggest LGBTQI film fest Rishi Kapoor on BMC radar for axing 'extra' branches of tree Money Global Q1 health IT VC deals at $1.6 bn; Indian tally at $61mn Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Franklin Templeton MF hikes stake in Somany Ceramics to 5.22% Zinc futures down 1 pc on muted demand, profit-booking GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 63-82 We set you thinking Thursday 20 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World May to make election pledge to end EU free movement of people into UK: Daily Mail 1492671580 World New 'Australian values' test planned for citizenship 1492663260 Business Kuwait oil minister says expects extension of OPEC, non-OPEC deal 1492671311 World Indonesian Muslim candidate wins Jakarta election-pollsters 1492607520 World US Vice President Pence praises Indonesia’s democratic, tolerant values 1492670810 World Indonesia prosecutors call for one-year jail term for Jakarta governor 1492665720 Entertainment Singapore Heritage Fest to share stories of S’pore’s TV history 1492575060 World Britain will lose more from Brexit than EU, bloc's foreign policy chief says 1492666380 World Southern Thailand attacks reflect tension over peace talks, conflict monitor says 1492668329 Singapore 8 JCs, including Anderson and Serangoon, to merge amid falling demand for places 1492664400 Business Pence says seeks fairer trade with Indonesia 1492667478 Business Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports 1492667515 Business Exclusive: Buffett likely voted shares to back Wells Fargo board 1492666921 World China says Interpol 'red notice' issued for tycoon Guo Wengui 1492665195 Business Worries over Trump policies cloud start of IMF, World Bank meetings 1492664774 Business Oil prices claw back some losses, but oversupply still weighs 1492664454 Business Elliott releases private letters after Arconic CEO's departure 1492663776 China&India Chinese villagers cut down live endangered tree to make coffin 1492659360 Daily Focus Sulphur-powered giant shipworm unearthed in Philippines 1492661816 Voices See mental well-being of workers as part of social security 1492661810 Entertainment Who is the new Mrs Aaron Kwok? All about Moka Fang, model and actress who’s the bride of Canto-pop star 1492650660 World Tennis superstar Serena Williams confirms her pregnancy 1492644960 Commentary Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout 1492632120 World Facebook out to read minds 1492647660 Entertainment Sifa 2017 to feature Korean opera, ‘intimate’ stories from homeowners 1492641420 World North Korea says 'don't mess with us' as U.S. plans next move 1492659846 World Media have duty to combat fake news, says M’sian PM Najib 1492653060 Singapore FAS affiliates hope for solution in donation saga 1492632120 Singapore Kong Hee apologises for ‘unwise decisions’, says ‘at peace’ with jail term 1492613340 Singapore Othman Wok was a ‘courageous soul who spoke up for diversity’ 1492632120 Singapore No multiracial Singapore if not for Othman Wok: PM Lee 1492632120 Business ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors 1492649760 World Malaysia doesn’t need Zakir Naik, MIC president says 1492656960 China&India Like Trump, China has no good North Korea options: QuickTake Q&A 1492658208 World Venezuelan protests against government leave three dead 1492656666 World China issues stricter rules for officials to report assets 1492655848 Business General Motors says Venezuela illegally seizes auto plant 1492656076 World Asylum seekers crossing into Canada increase with warmer weather 1492655901 Lifestyle 70-year-old Chinese woman poses in Minnie Mouse get-up to pay family bills 1492653360 World South Koreans feeling cheated after US carrier miscue 1492652209 Business BlackRock CEO Fink sees wave of M&A in asset management industry 1492651701 Business Booming ETFs help BlackRock weather investors' cost-cutting 1492632378 World Dominican Republic ratifies terms of Odebrecht's $184 million plea deal 1492651274 Lifestyle Head to Speyside for a great  whisky tour: Master blender 1492650721 Commentary Imagining endless possible futures 1492609560 World White House aware of 'potential negative impacts' of Iran deal review 1492635446 World White House defends portrayal of 'armada' push toward Korean peninsula 1492649296 World Mexican ex-governor stalls fast-track extradition from Guatemala 1492647640 World Ahok’s sound defeat in Jakarta Governor race a blow to Widodo 1492647120 Business Trump asks for probe into imports of foreign-made steel: officials 1492646370 Business IBM sends S&P 500, Dow lower; Nasdaq advances mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:30 PM, April 19, 2017 Updated: 7:20 AM, April 20, 2017 NEW YORK - The S&P 500 and Dow closed lower and the Nasdaq advanced on Wednesday as investors digested the latest round of earnings, while a drop in oil prices weighed on the energy sector. IBM <IBM.N> sank 4.9 percent to $161.69 after the company reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters. The stock was the biggest drag on the S&P and the price-weighted Dow. "Usually the bigger names are the bellwethers, people look to them for some signals on the overall health, and sometimes the companies that report later that beat are lost in that shuffle," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The energy sector <.SPNY> slumped 1.4 percent for its fifth drop in six sessions as oil prices settled nearly 4 percent lower. U.S. data showed a counter-seasonal build in gasoline inventories and a smaller-than-expected decline in overall crude stocks and sent U.S. crude below the $52 a barrel mark for the first time in two weeks. "Certainly oil has been weakening for a couple of days and that has been putting some pressure on things," said Jankovskis. Morgan Stanley <MS.N> rose 2 percent after posting a surge in quarterly profit, taking some of the sting out of a disappointing report from Goldman Sachs on Tuesday. Of the 57 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported earnings through Wednesday morning, 75.4 percent have topped expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters. Overall, profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.8 percent in the quarter - the best since 2011. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> fell 119.13 points, or 0.58 percent, to 20,404.15, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 4.03 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,338.16 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 13.56 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,863.03. The S&P 500 failed to climb above its 50-day moving average, a level which has acted as resistance since the benchmark index fell below it last week. With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will be strong enough to justify pricey market valuations. Mounting tension between North Korea and the United States, along with political uncertainty in Europe ahead of the French presidential elections, have also served to keep investors cautious. Intuitive Surgical <ISRG.O> gained 6.4 percent at $807.94 to help lift the Nasdaq after the company reported higher-than-expected first-quarter revenue and profit. The stock was on track for its best day in nearly two years. The U.S. economy expanded at a modest-to-moderate pace between mid-February and the end of March, but inflation pressures remained in check despite more difficulties in attracting and retaining workers, the Federal Reserve said. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.12-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.52-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 21 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 80 new highs and 39 new lows. About 6.60 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.31 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22 percent Worries over Trump policies cloud start of IMF, World Bank meetings Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh Wells Fargo's banking agreement with Nevada extended Wells Fargo tests Facebook chatbot Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks Wall Street rallies in low volume led by banks, tech Wall Street ends lower; Trump comments dampen sentiment late Inside Today World US Vice President Pence praises Indonesia’s democratic, tolerant values Southern Thailand attacks reflect tension over peace talks, conflict monitor says Britain will lose more from Brexit than EU, bloc's foreign policy chief says Indonesia prosecutors call for one-year jail term for Jakarta governor China says Interpol 'red notice' issued for tycoon Guo Wengui Business Kuwait oil minister says expects extension of OPEC, non-OPEC deal Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports Pence says seeks fairer trade with Indonesia Exclusive: Buffett likely voted shares to back Wells Fargo board Worries over Trump policies cloud start of IMF, World Bank meetings Sports FAS affiliates hope for solution in donation saga Lions to face star-packed Argentina here on June 13 President Tony Tan urges Team S’pore to build on ‘exceptional’ 2016 FAS, Bill Ng trade salvos over donation saga ‘lies’ Bill Ng replies to Winston Lee's account: Full statement here Entertainment Who is the new Mrs Aaron Kwok? All about Moka Fang, model and actress who’s the bride of Canto-pop star Sifa 2017 to feature Korean opera, ‘intimate’ stories from homeowners Singapore Heritage Fest to share stories of S’pore’s TV history ‘Scammer’ in Edmund Chen case allegedly conned others Singapore talent on the Asian Children’s Book Award shortlist About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 24 mins S&P 500 2,338.17 -4.02 (-0.17%) Dow 30 20,404.49 -118.79 (-0.58%) Nasdaq 5,863.03 +13.56 (+0.23%) Morgan Stanley's Fixed-Income Growth Crushes Wall Street Rivals James Langford TheStreet.com April 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Fixed-income trading grew more rapidly at Morgan Stanley than any of its Wall Street competitors at the beginning of 2017, a period in which U.S. President Donald Trump was sworn in and Britain began negotiating to leave the European Union. The New York-based firm's fixed-income trading revenue rose 96% in the three months through March, according to a statement, while comparable businesses expanded 19% at Citigroup  , 17% each at JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America  and just 1% at Goldman Sachs . Total sales and trading revenue, including stock transactions with clients, climbed 30% to $3.5 billion, helping drive Morgan Stanley's profits to $1 a share, above the 89-cent average estimate from analysts surveyed by FactSet. Net income, including benefits from a new accounting policy for equity awards, climbed 74% to $1.84 billion. The results "capped off a strong quarter for the large banks, which in aggregate saw capital markets increase 21% year over year," Richard Ramsden, an analyst with Goldman Sachs who has a neutral rating on the shares, said in a note to clients. In addition to the global political shifts that helped its rivals, Morgan Stanley also benefited from CEO James Gorman's streamlining initiative, which included cutting 25% of the fixed-income trading unit's staff in 2016. "Obviously, we are happy with the way the quarter turned out," Gorman said on a conference call with analysts. "We're pleased to see the results of the many difficult decisions and business growth initiatives bear fruit as we begin 2017." Fixed-income trading revenue of $1.7 billion in the three months through January compared with an average $1.3 billion per quarter last year, slightly higher than an internal target of $1 billion. EXCLUSIVE LOOK INSIDE: Citigroup is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS charitable trust portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buy or sell the stock? Learn more now. The company should be able to meet that goal with ease for the rest of 2017, Keefe Bruyette & Woods analyst Brian Kleinhanzl said, increasing last year's revenue by 0.7%. Profit in the institutional securities business, which also includes investment banking, more than doubled in the three months through March. Stock and bond underwriting climbed a combined 131%, easily making up for a decline in M&A advisory services. "The team did a terrific job in navigating an environment that clearly was not consistent through the quarter," Gorman said. "The back half of March was much tougher than the early part of the quarter." Questions about the "timing and achievability" of the Trump administration's policy goals, such as curbing post-financial crisis regulations and cutting taxes, crystallized that month and resulted in "more sporadic client activity," said CFO Jonathan Pruzan.  On March 24, Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan pulled a bill repealing Obamacare -- which they had described as a necessary precursor to tax reductions -- after they were unable to convince enough members of their own party to support it. Still, Gorman said he remains hopeful that Washington will deliver some reduction in corporate taxes, even if it doesn't happen until 2018 and is less sizable than some of the original proposals. Trump's campaign, for instance, advocated capping business rates at 15% rather than the current 35%. "It appears likely, whether it's this year or next year, that there will be movement on that rate," Gorman said. "I suspect it will be a little more modest than the numbers that have been thrown out, but nonetheless, anything sub-30%, which appears probable, would be very positive." Morgan Stanley's effective tax rate -- the average of escalating charges applied to progressively higher profit brackets -- was 29% in the first quarter, the company said, down from 33% a year earlier.  Companywide, quarterly revenue of $9.75 billion compared with estimates of $9.29 billion. Morgan Stanley rose 2.5% to $42.26 in New York trading on Wednesday afternoon, bearing out Kleinhanzl's prediction that investors disappointed by Goldman's trading results would reward its rival. Morgan Stanley previously gained 21% in the wake of Trump's surprise victory in the U.S. presidential race, outperforming both the KBW Bank Index and the broader S&P 500. The bank's return on equity, a gauge of how well companies use shareholders' money, widened to 10.7% in the first quarter, in line with Gorman's goal of 9% to 11% by year's end. The benchmark reached 8.7% in the three months through December and 8% for all of last year.  This article, originally published at 7:25 a.m. on Wednesday, April 19, 2017, has been updated with comments from analysts and executives as well as market reaction. EXCLUSIVE OFFER: See inside Jim Cramer’s multi-million dollar charitable trust portfolio to see the stocks he thinks could be potentially HUGE winners. Click here to see his holdings for FREE. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next 14 Hilarious Reactions to Melania Trump Nudging Donald for the National Anthem Harper's Bazaar For Trump, familiar judge gets case of deported Mexican Associated Press Video: Rob Gronkowski interrupts Sean Spicer’s White House briefing Sports Illustrated We just got a huge sign that the US intelligence community believes the Trump dossier is legitimate Business Insider US tells North Korea: We don't want a fight, don't start one Associated Press The US economy has become disappointing Yahoo Finance Bill O’Reilly faces a very tough comeback Yahoo Finance 4 crucial words from Mike Pence have put the US in a tough position against North Korea Business Insider Wells Fargo scandal weighs heavily on other big banks Associated Press Yahoo Finance interviews Yael Maguire Yahoo Finance Video Facebook exec: Our plan to get rid of internet dead zones is 'around the corner' Yahoo Finance Sizzle is back in the car biz Yahoo Finance Here are the US states — and the companies — that use the most H-1B visas CNBC Scientists have invented a dryer that can dry clothes in half the time without heat Business Insider Wells Fargo tests Facebook chatbot Reuters What to watch in the markets April 20 Yahoo Finance Video The US economy has become disappointing Barbara: But but but Trump said it was wonderful and it was all his doing. He said we would have wonderful healthcare, he had a fabulous plan, would repeal Obamacare his first day in office. Said he would build a wall immediately and Mexico would pay for it. Said we would have jobs galore. Gee he must have meant Fantasyland in DisneyWorld. What a LOSER. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 10k
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as earnings pick up By Reuters Published: 09:04 EDT, 19 April 2017 | Updated: 09:04 EDT, 19 April 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan April 19 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open higher on Wednesday as investors moved on to the next set of earnings reports, a day after Wall Street lost some ground due to weak results from some corporate heavyweights. Morgan Stanley helped the rebound, rising nearly 3 percent in premarket trading after reporting a surge in quarterly profit. Shares of Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo edged up slightly. Key companies scheduled to release results after markets close on Wednesday include Dow component American Express , eBay and Qualcomm. Tepid quarterly numbers from Goldman Sachs and Johnson &amp; Johnson pulled the major U.S. stock indexes lower on Tuesday. Dow e-minis were up 44 points, or 0.22 percent, at 8:32 a.m. ET (1232 GMT), with 21,661 contracts changing hands. S&amp;P 500 e-minis were up 8.75 points, or 0.37 percent, with 124,872 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 24 points, or 0.45 percent, on volume of 24,602 contracts. "This bounce today in U.S. equities is perhaps investors looking beyond daily moves," said James Athey, senior investment manager at Aberdeen Asset Management. "While there has been some disappointment, the big picture has not vastly changed. We're still talking about a global economy which is doing better... and central banks that are looking to normalize, and all of that should be supportive for risk assets." With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises, investors are hoping quarterly earnings will justify pricey market valuations. So far, first-quarter earnings have been promising. Of the 45 S&amp;P 500 companies that have released results, nearly 76 percent have topped earnings estimates, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Overall profits of S&amp;P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.7 percent in the quarter - the best since 2011. While no top-tier economic data is due on Wednesday, investors will keep an eye on the Federal Reserve's Beige Book, which will give a glimpse into economic conditions across the United States. The data is due at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT). Shares of IBM sank 5.3 percent to $161.05 after the company reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters. Abbott was up 2.7 percent after reporting higher- than-expected profit and sales. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway Heating things up 'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new music video... shot the day before terror attack Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Romantic vacation 'Don't say that!' Sam Faiers scolds beau Paul Knightley as he BLASTS Loose Women panel with foul-mouthed slur... after they slam him for THAT kiss Time to Chris and make-up? Jesy Nelson taunts ex Clark as she flashes assets in sexy red leather bralet as Little Mix star prepares to 'paint the town red' Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA Flaunted her bump in a clinging low-cut number  What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her 'Lock up daughters and crowbars!': Corrie viewers AGHAST as Tina McIntyre's killer Rob Donovan makes return to the cobbles to meet Tracy Barlow 'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together How romantic Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  EXCLUSIVE: 'She met up with him and they went to a pool party': TOWIE's Kate Wright 'enjoyed dates with Rio Ferdinand in Dubai'... as poses in swimwear Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester) 'It's all a lot looser': Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd makes VERY lewd profession about pregnant star on Mummy Diaries... as fans fawn over Nelly She snaps back quick! Slender Amanda Seyfried makes first red carpet appearance with Thomas Sadoski after giving birth last month Return to spotlight So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Full family outing  Oh not again, Abbey! Bleary-eyed Clancy appears worse for wear as she is guided into car by husband Peter Crouch following star-studded dinner TOWIE's Courtney Green enjoys campsite night with beau Myles Barnett in saucy reunion... as Chloe Lewis admits to sex on the beach That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and patterned tights in London Gone with the wind! Lucy Mecklenburgh almost suffers a serious wardrobe faux pas when her bright orange floral dress blows up as she heads out in LA All that glitters! Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown as she attends Harper's Bazaar bash in New York Got her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash Ready to have fun 'Where has he been hiding?' Pregnant Binky Felstead shares a treasured family throwback... as fans go crazy for her 'hot' older brother Oliver Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  Hollywood nights Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles All bundled up  in sweats and a bomber jacket Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA Looked in fine form Emmerdale star Lucy Pargeter, 40, joyously announces arrival of twin daughters with fiancé Rudi Coleano... after conceiving using IVF Lily Aldridge flashes flesh in gold velvet dress with asymmetric rear sash at World Of Children Hero Awards She's no stranger to showing a bit of skin TOWIE star Ferne McCann 'dumps' her boyfriend after police 'find guns and drugs' at his home and hunt him over nightclub acid attack  Beaming Lisa Snowdon dazzles in flirty frilled blouse as she cosies up to dashing fiancé George Smart at star-studded art gallery bash Bust date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson A very plunging dress for her night out  All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC Warm spring temperatures  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'too soon' to start dating again following the tragic death of her husband René Angélil Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled An all-star cast EXCLUSIVE Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead 'Do not disturb!' Make-up free Ashley James shows off her incredible body in sexy 'mankini' style bikini as she relaxes in hammock after swim on idyllic Mexican holiday Pretty in pink! Priyanka Chopra takes the plunge in cutout dress at Harper's Bazaar's 150th anniversary party Miss World 2000 Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her age-defying figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway JoJo Fletcher and Jordan Rodgers wear matching leather jackets as they share a kiss at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere Dressing together Matching cleavage! Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event Former supermodel 'We talk about children. All the time!' Geordie Shore's Charlotte Crosby reveals she's 'baby mad' and has already picked out names Teddy and Wolf with beau Stephen Bear 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises' RHOC star Missé Beqiri adds fuel to pregnancy speculation with beau Jake Hall as she strategically masks her stomach... yet swiftly DELETES and replaces shot She wasn't EX-pecting to see him! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in VERY sexy lace bustier top as attends same private view as her former MIC flame Spencer Matthews 'Double trouble': Alexa Chung wears playful slogan T-shirt with oversized fluffy jacket and cropped jeans as she touches down in LA  New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot Snap, snapping away Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mum' 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian 'I love the big guy!' Delta Goodrem continues to fuel romance rumours with The Voice co-star Seal while chatting to Today's Karl Stefanovic...who jokes about their own tabloid 'relationship' A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood 'It's going to be a scarier version': Chris Pratt teases the storyline behind upcoming sequel Jurassic World 2 Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her blossoming bump in a jumpsuit on Instagram... just a day after celebrating her 30th birthday 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album Baby on board! Katherine Heigl slips on motorcycle jacket and jeans for flight out of LAX with four-month-old son Joshua Jr. Newly single Mel B wows in a striped blue dress as she steps out for meeting... after it's revealed star will join Spice Girls reunion following split from 'unnerving' Stephen Belafonte Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Looking incredible Caitlyn Jenner steps out after revealing she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage  Lauren Goodger shrouds her curves in a grey T-shirt and black leggings as she heads to the gym... after putting on a bodacious bikini display in Dubai Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Fab in florals! Tyra Banks is radiant in colorful pantsuit at star-studded Freeform Upfront event Khloe Kardashian rocks track pants after visiting Tristan Thompson...as it's claimed she is 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over new tell-all book PICTURED: Ferne McCann kisses bad boy beau Arthur Collins in happier times... as she demands he turns himself in to police over nightclub acid attack When life gives you lemons! Defiant Vicky Pattison hits back at weight gain claims in VERY busty yellow bikini... as fans laud her 'phenomenal' looks Millie Mackintosh exudes Grecian goddess glamour in a halterneck ivory gown as she jets over to Monaco for her SIXTH getaway in just four months 'Hell NO, I'm not pregnant': Coronation Street's Tina O'Brien forced to deny she's expecting her third child after fans tweet about her on-screen 'bump'  No lady Doctor in the Tardis (for now): BBC writes to worried fan to 'assure' them that Peter Capaldi's replacement WON'T be a woman 'He's funny... and has a big c***': Heather Locklear crudely reveals the appeal of ex David Spade amid his romance with Naya Rivera Jon Hamm's kidnapper divorces the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in new season three trailer Showing him what he's missing! Mariah Carey, 47, flaunts her generous chest in low-cut LBD after split from beau Bryan Tanaka, 34 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man and was 'prepared to lose everything' Get ready beauty lovers! Kylie Jenner gives her fans a sneak peek at new KKW make-up collaboration with sister Kim Kardashian after teasing the collection in a video  Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace 'What a fantastic day!' Jessica Ennis-Hill is joined by dapper husband Andy Hill as she's made a Dame by Duke of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace Ronnie Wood's ex Jo is left 'furious' after she was thrown off an overbooked easyJet flight on her way home from Easter break  My mini me! Low-key Jenna Dewan enjoys girls' day out with adorable daughter Everly Happy days  Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Things working out? Hilary Duff shows off toned legs in skintight leggings as she exercises with (and stares adoringly at) ex Jason Walsh Getting her smile back: Billie Lourd is cheered up by beau Taylor Lautner as she puts on a leggy display during shopping trip Ready to mingle? Brad Pitt 'has been dating a bit' just six months after split with Angelina Jolie The actor 'has been dating' according report from People magazine. Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  'I didn't want to fail this child!': Katherine Heigl says she deliberated for nine months before naming son after husband Joshua Kelley Happy birthday sweetie! Katie Holmes unveils three cakes for daughter Suri's 11th birthday party... while Tom Cruise jets around Europe Out of this world! Gigi Hadid wears NASA cap with oversized sweats on casual solo outing in New York The 21-year-old covered up while on a solo outing Strike a pose! Ashley Graham flashes her cleavage and shapely legs in slinky LBD for New York photo shoot Showing all her best bits Doting dad! Ben Affleck steps out with son Samuel... after it's revealed Jennifer Garner 'waited to file for divorce until after his rehab stint' Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James 'Nothing to see here!' Rachel Riley left red-faced after cheeky Countdown spelling incident... as viewers take to Twitter in amusement The 70s called... Tallia Storm flaunts  abs in tiny pink crop top and patterned flares...after revealing she's moved on from Brooklyn with mystery older man VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'You lazy cows are still in bed?' Abbey Clancy joins forces with her personal trainer brother to put the BNTM girls through their paces 'People don't want to know you!' BNTM's first transgender model Talulah-Eve poses in her underwear... as she reveals tension with Abbey Clancy Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris 'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression' Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami 'Claustrophobia rocks!' Josh Brolin begins pre-production for Deadpool 2 with face cast as Cable Stop the music! Prince's estate sues his long-time sound engineer over planned release of six unheard tracks from the late singer, citing 'theft and misappropriation of trade secrets' Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle NFL stars and Snoop Dog slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben Affleck until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous Pregnant Chanelle Hayes debuts her bare baby bump in a stunning shoot... after revealing she's expecting a second boy  Glowing 'I was LIVING': Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video EXCLUSIVE 'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby return at Cannes Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans 'I'm going to mention it in my Christmas card': Julia Roberts receives People's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a FIFTH time... beating pal George Clooney record Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama A Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family 'I want to do it justice for survivors': Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon defends her grooming storyline... after it's revealed the character will be raped Gail Porter flashes a smile as she steps out in London... three months after revealing her bankruptcy woes The TV presenter, 46, was seen smiling  Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film The Promise on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's release in an attempt to discredit Armenian genocide Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit the latest issue of Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Kate's show of support: Dressed-down Duchess of Cambridge hosts a reception for Heads Together Marathon runners at Kensington Palace 'It is horrible that people can do that': Elsa Pataky weighs in on celebrity photo hacking and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones Defiant Chloe Sims steps out in casual blue shirt for TOWIE filming amid explosive rivalry with Megan McKenna over her ex Pete Wicks Drama to one side 'Be with someone you'd want your daughter to be with': Jamie O'Hara takes a thinly veiled dig at Ferne McCann His cousin was a victim Boyfriend of TOWIE's Ferne McCann pictured living the high-life and swigging champagne just days before becoming a suspect in acid attack 'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in Hollywood 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ Open and honest  'He brings joy into our lives!' Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears Geordie Shore's Elettra Lamborghini leaves Chloe Ferry in tears as she gets STEAMY in the shower with Marty McKenna... with backlash from fans 'Hard work pays off!' MIC's Louise Thompson displays her gym-honed six-pack as she goes braless in a bandeau top  Body beautiful Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney 'Are you obsessed with dieting?' Loose Women cause a Twitter storm for probing fantastic looking Rosemary Conley, 70, about her weight Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she pines for Coachella in throwback snap Pining for the sunshine 'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good' 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?' Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Super WAG Coleen Rooney grabs a cup of coffee on the go as she runs early morning errands around Cheshire in paint splattered sweater Nick Knowles looks dapper as he leaves BBC studios ahead of his new presenting role in collaboration with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 'Always wants what she can't have!' Stephanie Davis lashes out at 'compulsive liar' Danielle Armstrong in support of TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou 'No one knows anything about us': Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before first fashion campaign The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof Joking about the highly publicised incident Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills Opted to make a humanitarian statement 'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49 'I don't MEAN to swear - it just slips out!' Gordon Ramsay insists his notorious penchant for bad language is not intentional... and that his mother tells him off for it Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  Chose a fitted dress 'My FAT driver is questioning my health': Outraged Size 22 model Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol Chloe Madeley flaunts her incredibly gym-honed frame in a skimpy red bikini... as she jokes about her holiday diet taking its toll Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser Lee Ryan erupts into a fit of giggles as Eamonn Holmes accidentally introduces him as a Blue Peter presenter in hilarious live TV gaffe Not that squeaky clean Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London Make-up free Jessie Wallace keeps it casual in workout leggings and a baggy tee as she runs errands Worlds away from leopard print-loving Kat EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris The supermodel caught the eye of many Prince Harry insists he was just 'doing his bit' by revealing his mental health battles after his mother's death - and says Diana would be 'encouraged' to see it Tangerine dream! Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging keyhole swimwear as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway 'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lack Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Henry Schein Announces New $750 Million Credit Facility MELVILLE, N.Y., April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Henry Schein, Inc. (Nasdaq: HSIC), the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health, and medical practitioners, today announced that it has amended its revolving credit facility, including an increase in the maximum borrowing amount from $500 million to $750 million, and an extension of the facility through September 2022. JP Morgan Securities LLC and U.S. Bank NA served as Joint Lead Arrangers for the new facility. "We are pleased to announce the increase of our credit facility, which in combination with our strong cash flow, offers us the additional flexibility to take advantage of acquisition and share repurchase opportunities, as well as to use it for working capital and general corporate purposes," said Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Henry Schein. "The facility supports our long-term internal and acquisition growth strategies while maintaining a strong capital structure." About Henry Schein, Inc. Henry Schein, Inc. (Nasdaq: HSIC) is the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners. The company also serves dental laboratories, government and institutional health care clinics, and other alternate care sites. A Fortune 500® Company and a member of the S&P 500® and the NASDAQ 100® indexes, Henry Schein employs more than 21,000 Team Schein Members and serves more than 1 million customers. The company offers a comprehensive selection of products and services, including value-added solutions for operating efficient practices and delivering high-quality care. Henry Schein operates through a centralized and automated distribution network, with a selection of more than 120,000 branded products and Henry Schein private-brand products in stock, as well as more than 180,000 additional products available as special-order items. The company also offers its customers exclusive, innovative technology solutions, including practice management software and e-commerce solutions, as well as a broad range of financial services.                                               Headquartered in Melville, N.Y., Henry Schein has operations or affiliates in 33 countries. The company's sales reached a record $11.6 billion in 2016, and have grown at a compound annual rate of approximately 15% since Henry Schein became a public company in 1995. For more information, visit Henry Schein at www.henryschein.com, Facebook.com/HenrySchein and @HenrySchein on Twitter. SOURCE Henry Schein, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Medical Equipment, Medical/Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nouveau Monde to Build Demonstration Plant to Produce Multiple Graphite Products for Industrial and Battery Markets Next PostNext Staffing 360 Solutions to Host Earnings Conference Call for Its Fiscal Year and Transition Period on April 20, 2017 Search Recent Posts United Hunter Oil and Gas Corp. Announces a Non-Brokered Private Placement AlarmForce Announces Declaration of Dividend of $0.045 per Share Tolima Gold Inc. announces director resignation Firan Technology Group Corporation Announces Results of AGM Dream Hard Asset Alternatives Trust Reports Sale of Co-Owned Office Asset Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Henry Schein Announces New $750 Million Credit Facility MELVILLE, N.Y., April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Henry Schein, Inc. (Nasdaq: HSIC), the world’s largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health, and medical practitioners, today announced that it has amended its revolving credit facility, including an increase in the maximum borrowing amount from $500 million to $750 million, and an extension of the facility through September 2022. JP Morgan Securities LLC and U.S. Bank NA served as Joint Lead Arrangers for the new facility. „We are pleased to announce the increase of our credit facility, which in combination with our strong cash flow, offers us the additional flexibility to take advantage of acquisition and share repurchase opportunities, as well as to use it for working capital and general corporate purposes,” said Steven Paladino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Henry Schein. „The facility supports our long-term internal and acquisition growth strategies while maintaining a strong capital structure.” About Henry Schein, Inc. Henry Schein, Inc. (Nasdaq: HSIC) is the world’s largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners. The company also serves dental laboratories, government and institutional health care clinics, and other alternate care sites. A Fortune 500® Company and a member of the S&P 500® and the NASDAQ 100® indexes, Henry Schein employs more than 21,000 Team Schein Members and serves more than 1 million customers. The company offers a comprehensive selection of products and services, including value-added solutions for operating efficient practices and delivering high-quality care. Henry Schein operates through a centralized and automated distribution network, with a selection of more than 120,000 branded products and Henry Schein private-brand products in stock, as well as more than 180,000 additional products available as special-order items. The company also offers its customers exclusive, innovative technology solutions, including practice management software and e-commerce solutions, as well as a broad range of financial services.                                               Headquartered in Melville, N.Y., Henry Schein has operations or affiliates in 33 countries. The company’s sales reached a record $11.6 billion in 2016, and have grown at a compound annual rate of approximately 15% since Henry Schein became a public company in 1995. For more information, visit Henry Schein at www.henryschein.com, Facebook.com/HenrySchein and @HenrySchein on Twitter. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/henry-schein-announces-new-750-million-credit-facility-300441521.html SOURCE Henry Schein, Inc. Related Links http://www.henryschein.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LiCo Energy Metals Prepares Lithium Brine Drilling Program at Salar de Atacama, Chile Next PostNext TFS’ Dermatology Team Awarded the Top Job Seal Search Recent Posts United Hunter Oil and Gas Corp. Announces a Non-Brokered Private Placement AlarmForce Announces Declaration of Dividend of $0.045 per Share Tolima Gold Inc. announces director resignation Firan Technology Group Corporation Announces Results of AGM Dream Hard Asset Alternatives Trust Reports Sale of Co-Owned Office Asset Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RSA Insurance Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target Increased to GBX 635 by Analysts at Barclays PLC Basf Se (BAS) Given a €105.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. $0.59 EPS Expected for Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) This Quarter Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €135.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Redrow plc (RDW) Given New GBX 666 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Price Target Lowered to GBX 850 at Jefferies Group LLC Persimmon plc (PSN) Given New GBX 2,102 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC $0.60 Earnings Per Share Expected for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) This Quarter Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Cut by Analyst Insider Selling: Boston Beer Company Inc (SAM) Chairman Sells $1,039,875.00 in Stock Richland Resources Ltd (RLD) Insider Ami R. Mpungwe Purchases 1,371,576 Shares Chelverton Small Compans Dvdnd Trst PLC (SDV) Insider Lord Lamont of Lerwick Acquires 101 Shares Insider Buying: Sigma Designs Inc (SIGM) Major Shareholder Buys $1,260,663.97 in Stock CT Financial Advisors LLC Has $140,000 Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) CT Financial Advisors LLC Maintains Stake in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Barclays PLC Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €19.80 Price Target Associated British Foods plc (ASBFY) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research New England Research & Management Inc. Cuts Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Ra Pharmaceuticals Inc (RARX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Saia Inc (SAIA) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target Increased to GBX 635 by Analysts at Barclays PLC April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) had its price objective increased by Barclays PLC from GBX 633 ($7.97) to GBX 635 ($7.99) in a research note published on Tuesday morning. Barclays PLC currently has an overweight rating on the insurance provider’s stock. Several other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They set an outperform rating and a GBX 680 ($8.56) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of RSA Insurance Group plc to a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. HSBC Holdings plc increased their price objective on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 630 ($7.93) to GBX 695 ($8.75) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Macquarie reiterated an underperform rating and set a GBX 440 ($5.54) price objective on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a sell rating on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 602.42 ($7.58). Shares of RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) opened at 580.00 on Tuesday. RSA Insurance Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 425.60 and a 52 week high of GBX 617.50. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 592.40 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 569.74. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 5.84 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/rsa-insurance-group-plc-rsa-price-target-increased-to-gbx-635-by-analysts-at-barclays-plc.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be paid a GBX 11 ($0.14) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a dividend yield of 1.82%. This is a positive change from RSA Insurance Group plc’s previous dividend of $5.00. About RSA Insurance Group plc RSA Insurance Group plc is an international general insurer. The Company provides personal, commercial and specialty insurance products and services direct-to-customers. Its segments include Scandinavia, Canada, UK & Ireland, Central Functions and non-core. Its segments are based on geography and all are engaged in providing personal and commercial general insurance services. Receive News & Ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Direct Line Insurance Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Given “Equal weight” Rating at Barclays PLC Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Stake Cut by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 2,020 Shares of WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Stake Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $156 Million Position in ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Sprint Corp (S) Position Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Norges Bank Invests $13.613 Million in P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 903,431 Timkensteel Corp (TMST) Norges Bank Takes Position in Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Co (HMHC) DZ Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Noble Financial Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Allstate Corp (ALL) Downgraded by Macquarie to Neutral T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Now Covered by Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Zenith Energy Ltd (ZEE) Receives Speculative Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Hartford Financial Services Group Inc Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.00 Per Share (HIG) Genpact Limited (G) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research SNS Financial Group LLC Purchases 1,053 Shares of Home Depot Inc (HD) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Reduces Position in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Horizon Kinetics LLC Has $500,000 Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Given “Equal weight” Rating at Barclays PLC April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC restated their equal weight rating on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (LON:DLG) in a report published on Tuesday morning. Barclays PLC currently has a GBX 337 ($4.24) target price on the stock. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Direct Line Insurance Group PLC to an overweight rating and reduced their price target for the stock from GBX 410 ($5.16) to GBX 395 ($4.97) in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 370 ($4.66) price target on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Royal Bank of Canada upped their target price on Direct Line Insurance Group PLC from GBX 410 ($5.16) to GBX 420 ($5.29) and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Macquarie raised Direct Line Insurance Group PLC to a neutral rating and set a GBX 305 ($3.84) target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Direct Line Insurance Group PLC currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 370.15 ($4.66). Shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (LON:DLG) opened at 339.00 on Tuesday. Direct Line Insurance Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 323.00 and a one year high of GBX 400.70. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 4.63 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 342.18 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 352.69. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/direct-line-insurance-group-plc-dlg-given-equal-weight-rating-at-barclays-plc.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 16th will be paid a dividend of GBX 9.70 ($0.12) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 16th. This represents a yield of 2.87%. In related news, insider John Reizenstein acquired 15,600 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 338 ($4.25) per share, for a total transaction of £52,728 ($66,366.27). Over the last 90 days, insiders have purchased 20,132 shares of company stock valued at $6,827,069. About Direct Line Insurance Group PLC Direct Line Insurance Group plc is a United Kingdom-based personal and small business general insurer. The principal activity of the Company is managing its investments in subsidiaries, providing loans to those subsidiaries, raising funds for the Company, and the receipt and payment of dividends. Its operating segments include Motor, Home, Rescue and other personal lines, Commercial and Run-off. Receive News & Ratings for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management Featured Stories 2017 Hurricane Forecast AmTrust Denies Probe News Markets Jobs Front Page National International Most Popular Magazine Forums Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters News Most Popular National International East Midwest South Central Southeast West Topics P&C Companies Agents & Brokers Government Markets/Coverages Operations Claims More Topics Magazines East Midwest South Central Southeast West Subscribe Research Directories Jobs Sales Marketing Management Finance Claims Underwriting Other Features Events Forums Buyers Guide Insurance Twitter Market Directories Ad Showcase Quotes Polls Subscribe Hiscox Group Names Barclay’s Penny as Chief Information Officer April 19, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Specialist global insurer Hiscox announced the appointment of Ian Penny as chief information officer (CIO) for the Hiscox Group. An experienced IT professional with a wealth of global, blue-chip experience, Penny brings expertise in leading all aspects of IT including strategy, development, engineering, operations and program execution, said Hiscox in a statement. At Hiscox, he will be responsible for the group’s IT, leading a team of 300 and reporting to the CEO Bronek Masojada. Penny is currently chief technology officer at Barclays, where he is responsible for the group’s IT infrastructure development and has led the bank’s cloud computing initiatives for three years. Prior to this, he was global head of Distributed Engineering and Architecture at JPMorgan and was based in the U.S. for seven years, where he designed platforms for risk analytics, cloud development and high-volume customer channels. He has previously worked at Pfizer and Goldman Sachs. “Ian’s appointment is an important step in our evolution. We continue to invest heavily in our rapidly growing retail businesses, and Ian will be critical to a number of significant multi-year business and IT transformation projects which will power our future growth,” commented Bronek Masojada, Hiscox Group CEO. “I have no doubt that his diverse experience, including with Chase.com, a high-traffic banking website, at Bear Sterns supporting their dealing rooms and with Barclays in cloud computing, will prove invaluable,” he added. “I am pleased to be joining Hiscox at a time when there is significant investment to support the business evolution,” said Penny. “Technology will be a core partner in the execution of the strategy, whether that be digital customer journeys or data analytics….” Penny is a Fellow of the British Computer Society, and has worked extensively with the venture capital and start-up community to build applied technology solutions. He is taking over from interim CIO Gareth Wharton who is joining a new Hiscox cyber initiative. Source: Hiscox Interested in Insurance Tech? Get automatic alerts for this topic. Subscribe Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: International News Topics: Bronek Masojada, chief information officer, Hiscox, Ian Penny, People Have a hot lead? Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Total Cost of Risk Drops for 3d Year: RIMS Benchmark Insurers Increasingly Embrace Robots over Humans for Customer Service Risk Management: Employers Benefit from Mitigating Workplace Violence ﻿Personal Auto Rate Hikes Not Keeping Up with Losses: Fitch Earthquakes Lawsuit Against Oklahoma Energy Companies Dismissed ﻿Insurance Rates for Architects, Engineers Stabilize or Decline in 2016: Survey Online Tool Locates California Agents, Brokers Who Speak a Foreign Language The Graham Company Becomes 100% Employee OwnedMore News Features Most Popular Now This Week Commented U.S. Supreme Court Rejects Appeal by Florida Floating Home Owner Insurers Increasingly Embrace Robots over Humans for Customer Service UnitedHealth Prices 2018 Insurance Plans to Include Obamacare Tax Reports Describe How Pennsylvania Firefighter Died, Oxygen Hose Burned Texas Woman Awarded $760K for Oklahoma Skydiving Injury Rideshare Drivers Take 'Huge Risk' with Personal Auto Coverage: GEICO Here's How United Should Have Responded to Violent Removal of Passenger: Viewpoint AIG Board Refuses CEO Hancock's 2016 Cash Bonus after Poor Earnings United Passenger's Lawyers Preparing to Drag Airline Into Court Trump Aims to Raise Insurer Participation in Obamacare with New Rules Trump Aims to Raise Insurer Participation in Obamacare with New Rules | Comments (33) Obamacare Insurers Struggle to Set Plans Amid Threats to Program | Comments (18) Rideshare Drivers Take 'Huge Risk' with Personal Auto Coverage: GEICO | Comments (10) AIG Board Refuses CEO Hancock's 2016 Cash Bonus after Poor Earnings | Comments (7) Chicago Airport Police Scrutinized after United Passenger Dragging Incident | Comments (5) More Top Stories Cyber Insurance Coverage 7 Questions to Ask Cyber Insurance Prospects Why Some Firms Don’t Buy Cyber Insurance Cyber Risks Intensify as Hackers Become More Cunning Connected Homes Heighten Need for Personal Cyber Insurance AIG, Chubb, XL Lead in $1 Billion U.S. Cyber Insurance Market Research and White Papers Free Newsletters Sign up to receive insurance news alerts! Daily Headlines Most Popular This Week MyNewMarkets.com Daily Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly) Carrier Management (new) Have a news tip? Tell us. Current Issue Read Online Download PDF Subscribe Available on the iPad Featured Videos Slow to Adopt and Slow to ChangeWatch Now Art Theft and How It Impacts the Insurance IndustryWatch Now Editors and Contributors Douglas A. Powell Top 25: P/C Direct Premium Written Up 4 Percent in 2016 Elizabeth Blosfield The Graham Company Becomes 100% Employee Owned Amy O' Connor North Carolina Regulator Calls 13.8% Auto Rate Hike Unwarranted Stephanie K. Jones Iowa GOP's Workers' Comp Bill Signed by Governor Quote of Note I want to remind drivers that under state law, a crash involving a deer is considered a not-at-fault accident, and insurers cannot add a surcharge to your premium for an accident with a deer.   More Quotes Partner Center Reader Poll Which of the following holidays is your firm CLOSED for business? Insurance Jobs Field Property Claims Representative - Peoria, IL Commercial Lines Insurance Sales Producer - Northeast PA Businessowners (BOP) Product Development Lead - Jersey City, NJ Senior Account Executive (Insurance Premium Financing) - Newport Beach, CA (Remote Possible) Claims Associate - Tampa, FL Washington High Court Sides With Goodyear in Personal Injury Dispute OSHA Safety Stand Down Event Emphasizes Landscaping Hazards Florida Supreme Court Rejects Floating Home Appeal Below-Average Wildfire Season Expected in Colorado Apr 20 You Gotta Say It - Even If You Don't Want To May 25 Three Best Closing Techniques Jun 22 Your Work Comp Audit is Wrong - Welcome to the Club Insurance News News by Region News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Insurance Markets Directory Forums A.M. Best Company Ratings Industry Events Agencies Wanted / For Sale Buyers Guide Newswire Ad Showcase Insurance Jobs Connect with us Email Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Insurance Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Reprints Link to Us Contact Us Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal Online MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News DZ Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Noble Financial Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Allstate Corp (ALL) Downgraded by Macquarie to Neutral T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Now Covered by Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Zenith Energy Ltd (ZEE) Receives Speculative Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Hartford Financial Services Group Inc Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.00 Per Share (HIG) Genpact Limited (G) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research SNS Financial Group LLC Purchases 1,053 Shares of Home Depot Inc (HD) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Reduces Position in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Horizon Kinetics LLC Has $500,000 Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Facebook Inc (FB) Stake Held by American National Insurance Co. TX JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) PT Raised to $47.00 at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Investors Purchase Large Volume of Yum! Brands Put Options (YUM) PBF Logistics LP (PBFX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Citigroup Inc Trims Owens-Illinois Inc (OI) Target Price to $24.00 OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Snyder's-Lance Inc (LNCE) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.13 Per Share Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) DZ Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at DZ Bank AG in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on DLGNF. Zacks Investment Research upgraded DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $49.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $49.00. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) opened at 43.80 on Wednesday. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 has a 1-year low of $30.80 and a 1-year high of $53.00. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $50.73 and a 200 day moving average price of $44.10. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.31 billion and a P/E ratio of 13.48. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “DZ Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF)” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/dz-bank-ag-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-dialog-semiconduct-gbp0-10-dlgnf.html. Receive News & Ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Wall Street on Goldman: 'What the heck is going on?' CNBC @CNBCPublished now CNBC @CNBCPublished now                                                                               The long-term damage for Goldman is hard to predict as well. Goldman Sachs' stunning first-quarter profit disappointment immediately set off some serious head-scratching on Wall Street. The fifth-largest bank by assets in the U.S. reported earnings that missed on both top-line revenue and bottom-line profits, a rarity for a bank that historically has beaten Wall Street earnings targets 9 out of 10 times. Time will tell if the first three months of 2017 were a one-off miss or a sign of a more fundamental decline in the bank's operations. But for now, the letdown was palpable and set off a wave of investor worry, particularly because Goldman's competitors posted almost universally strong earnings. The bank's shares tumbled more than 3 percent at the market open and were down 4.5 percent at one point, falling to $216.02. It was the lowest intraday price since it traded at 214.97 on Nov. 30. "Given what you're seeing out of Bank of America , JPMorgan and Citigroup , this is a quarter which makes me wonder what the heck is going on," said Dick Bove, vice president of equity research at Rafferty Capital Markets. "Hopefully, it's just an aberrant quarter." Bove later on Tuesday cut his rating on Goldman from a "buy" to a "hold." Goldman's biggest area of worry was in trading, where revenues in the vital fixed income, commodities and currencies business were essentially flat year over year and down about 16 percent from the fourth quarter of 2016. The new year has been slow for equities trading, but other big institutions on the Street are making due with strong business in bonds and related debt instruments. "The big one that is glaring and sticks out is the decline in FICC. That was totally unexpected and totally aberrant as to what its competitors are doing," Bove said. One of the big problems for Wall Street in general and Goldman Sachs in particular has been the absence of deals. Mergers and acquisitions volume plunged 55 percent in the first quarter from Q4 in 2016, according to data provider Dealogic. While initial public offering volume surged in the quarter, much of it came via the Snap IPO that generated $3.9 billion of the total $13.4 billion in revenue raised during the quarter. "Look at the equity markets — there's nothing going on. The IPO pipeline is small and as unremarkable as I can remember," said Christopher Whalen, head of Whalen Global Advisors. "We're not funding acquisitions or deals. It's simply the Street refinancing the debt they're using to buy back their stock." The competition for deals is intense, and the benefits are skewing toward bigger firms that have dominated and smaller ones that are willing to compete for down-market business. "Goldman's been good at trading, but you're not going to hit that every quarter and you can't predict it. One or two trades can seriously affect your results every quarter," Whalen said. "It's Jurassic Park — that's what you've got, and the big dinosaurs win." The long-term damage for Goldman is hard to predict as well. Shares are down more than 9 percent in 2017, sharply underperforming an industry that is off about 5 percent as measured by the SPDR S&P Bank exchange-traded fund. Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein told investors Tuesday that the bank is "well-positioned" to meet the challenges ahead. "I don't think it's worrisome. It's probably just a one-off kind of a quarter. You'll probably see it improve at least to the extent that volatility begets more client activity over the next few quarters," said Justin Fuller, senior director at Fitch Ratings. "I don't think it's a bad quarter by any means." And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Financial News News Press Digest from FN A round-up of stories making the news this morning... By FN Staff April 19, 2017 Updated: 9:14 a.m. GMT JP Morgan and Fidelity count on brand in ETF battle Competition among Europe's exchange traded fund providers is expected to step up a gear as two fund management behemoths - JP Morgan Asset Management and Fidelity International - make their first foray into an increasingly crowded sector. (FN) UK will likely sell RBS stake at a multi-billion loss The UK Treasury could sell its remaining 73% stake in Royal Bank of Scotland at a multi-billion pound loss, the Chancellor, Philip Hammond, admitted before members of Parliament. (Guardian) KKR in $2bn deal to acquire US retail investment advisor Private equity firms KKR and Stone Point Capital on Tuesday entered into a $2bn deal to acquire a majority stake in New York-based Focus Financial Partners, which backs independent financial advisers. (WSJ) US Treasury eyes 30-year plus ‘ultra-long’ bonds The US Treasury, in its latest quarterly survey, has sought feedback from primary dealers on various aspects including potential demand, pricing, and other factors for “ultra-long” government bonds maturing in 40, 50 and 100 years. (FT) Deutsche Bank turns to AI for regulatory compliance Deutsche Bank is turning to artificial intelligence to reduce compliance costs and improve client relations. Elly Hardwick, head of innovation at the bank, said she wants fintech startups to pitch her ideas. (WSJ) Dutch construction firm mulls €2bn float in Amsterdam VolkerWessels, which is owned by one of the wealthiest families in the Netherlands, is mulling an Amsterdam listing that is likely to fetch a valuation of around €2bn, according to sources. (FT) Post swallows Weetabix in £1.4bn deal US food-processing group Post confirmed on Tuesday that it had agreed to buy UK cereal business Weetabix for £1.4bn. Post also announced plans to set up a joint venture with the seller, Bright Food, to oversee the UK company’s China operations. (Guardian) IMF raises UK 2017 growth forecast to 2% The UK will be the the second fastest growing G7 economy this year, according to the International Monetary Fund, which raised its growth estimates for the country for the second time in three months. The agency admitted it had over-estimated the negative fallout of the “Brexit” vote. (Times) Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Sign up to Election Snap: FN’s general election briefing 2. Roubini: why Trump should tax the rich, but won’t 3. UK fintech warns of Brexit risks to London’s lustre 4. The City vs WhatsApp: Surveillance battles intensify 5. The 10 ways to maintain a long career in finance Top Stories Maths genius puts down UBS risk book, heads to Citadel Wall Street’s ‘Bull’ sculptor threatens to sue over ‘Girl’ statue JP Morgan and Fidelity count on brand in battle for ETF assets Morgan Stanley’s bond traders beat the Street Banks quote rock star prices in rushed research deals © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Thu 20 Apr companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era trump's america zimbabwe world economic forum the zuma era trump's america news politics business business report personal finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel multimedia newspapers cape community about iol markets shares Shares All Business Report Shares | Currencies | Commodities | Indicators | Advertisement May's call for early polls hits the FTSE Shares | 19 April 2017 Reuters London - British shares headed for their worst day drop since the aftermath of the Brexit referendum last June after Prime Minister Theresa May said she would call an early election. The FTSE 100 dropped 1.6percent to its lowest in more than seven weeks as sterling inched higher, further weighing on the index’s stocks, most of which get earnings in foreign currencies. All but one of the blue-chip stocks were in the red. May called for an early election on June 8, saying it was the only way to guarantee political stability for years ahead as Britain negotiates its way out of the EU. Share this story “If we have a stronger government pushing for a ‘hard’ Brexit, markets won’t like that. But on the positive side, you would have more stable government for the UK,” said David Stubbs, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. “Financial markets have clearly rendered their judgment of (the Brexit process) through sterling,” he said. “Loss of single-market access, if it happens, necessitated a cheaper currency, that’s the calculation markets made.” Sterling’s weakness combined with stronger-than-expected fundamental economic data had pushed the index to record highs in the past months. Volatility Investors can expect significant volatility in sterling over the six weeks until the election as polls indicated levels of support for the governing Conservatives, Stubbs said. Read also: #Brexit likely to affect SA firms Traders said the election could eventually lead to a stronger sterling if May’s majority was strengthened and policy was more predictable. Lower metals and crude-oil prices were already weighing on the commodities-heavy index before May’s announcement. Mining companies Anglo American, Glencore, Antofagasta, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton dropped as Chinese iron ore futures fell to three-month lows, with oversupply worries weighing on steel prices. Oil major BP was also a top faller, down 2.8 percent as the price of crude fell. Brent crude reached an 11-day low after a US government report indicated rising production . Mid caps and small caps outperformed the blue chips, falling 0.9 and 0.3 percent respectively, but holding near record highs reached in the last trading session. “I think people have been pleasantly surprised by how sanguine companies’ management teams have been,” said Ian Williams, economist and strategy analyst at Peel Hunt. “In the last six weeks, the mood of companies presenting has been much more optimistic, and people are asking whether some of the risk has been priced in already.” The top fallers on the mid-cap index were all commodity-linked stocks, led by iron ore pellet producer Ferrexpo, down 5.2percent, and miner Evraz, down 6.3percent. Emerging markets-focused fund manager Ashmore was down 2 percent, despite earlier posting net inflows for the first time in nearly three years, as investors turned back to developing regions.  Reuters Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 'One of the most disturbing crime scenes I've been called out to' 2 Angry husband fills wife's car with concrete 3 Bullish #Hlaudi tears into SABC bosses 4 Johnny Depp's ex looking to make Elon Musk husband No.2 5 I can run for presidency and win, says #Hlaudi Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tate & Lyle PLC (TATE) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Tesco PLC (TSCO) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc N+1 Singer Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given “Outperform” Rating at Macquarie Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) to Release Earnings on Thursday 1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Hays plc (HAS) Analysts Set Synthomer PLC (SYNT) Target Price at $459.18 $293.37 Million in Sales Expected for Surgery Partners Inc (SGRY) This Quarter Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades MarineMax Inc (HZO) to “Buy” Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate KLX Inc (KLXI) to Announce $0.30 EPS Five Below Inc (FIVE) Upgraded to Buy by Vetr Inc. Workiva Inc (WK) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $50.71 Million New Relic Inc (NEWR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $71.98 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) to Post -$0.07 EPS $0.19 EPS Expected for Neff Corp (NEFF) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.2 Billion -$0.30 Earnings Per Share Expected for Zosano Pharma Corp (ZSAN) This Quarter Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given “Outperform” Rating at Macquarie April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Macquarie reiterated their outperform rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) in a research note released on Thursday. Macquarie currently has a GBX 4,200 ($52.86) price target on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently weighed in on RIO. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 4,200 ($52.86) price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc from GBX 4,000 ($50.35) to GBX 4,400 ($55.38) and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Liberum Capital reiterated a sell rating and set a GBX 2,400 ($30.21) price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 3,770 ($47.45) price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an outperform rating and set a GBX 400 ($5.03) price objective on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Rio Tinto plc currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 3,439.15 ($43.29). Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) opened at 3003.00 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 54.03 billion. Rio Tinto plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,853.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 3,718.50. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 3,269.82 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 3,159.82. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given “Outperform” Rating at Macquarie” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/rio-tinto-plc-rio-given-outperform-rating-at-macquarie-2.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd were issued a dividend of GBX 100.56 ($1.27) per share. This represents a yield of 2.98%. This is a boost from Rio Tinto plc’s previous dividend of $33.80. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, February 23rd. In other Rio Tinto plc news, insider Jean-Sébastien Jacques sold 3,325 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,618 ($45.54), for a total transaction of £120,298.50 ($151,414.10). About Rio Tinto plc Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Financial News ETFs JP Morgan and Fidelity count on brand in battle for ETF assets Newcomers to the smart beta field believe there's still room for firms that can combine a fresh approach and an established name Fidelity is one of two big-name new entrants to Europe's ETF industry By David Ricketts April 19, 2017 1:01 a.m. GMT Competition among Europe's exchange traded fund providers is expected to step up a gear as two fund management behemoths make their first foray into an increasingly crowded sector. JP Morgan Asset Management and Fidelity International are both vying for a slice of the region's fast-growing smart beta industry and hope the strength of their brands and distribution footprints will give them a vital edge over more established... To Read the Full Story, Start Your Free Trial or Sign In Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Sign up to Election Snap: FN’s general election briefing 2. Roubini: why Trump should tax the rich, but won’t 3. UK fintech warns of Brexit risks to London’s lustre 4. The City vs WhatsApp: Surveillance battles intensify 5. The 10 ways to maintain a long career in finance Top Stories Maths genius puts down UBS risk book, heads to Citadel Wall Street’s ‘Bull’ sculptor threatens to sue over ‘Girl’ statue JP Morgan and Fidelity count on brand in battle for ETF assets Morgan Stanley’s bond traders beat the Street Banks quote rock star prices in rushed research deals FURTHER READING FURTHER READING ETFs JP Morgan and Fidelity count on brand in battle for ETF assets JP Morgan and Fidelity count on brand in battle for ETF assets Newcomers to the smart beta field believe there's still room for firms that can combine a fresh approach and an established name Politics Fund managers: election will give PM a stronger Brexit hand Fund managers: election will give PM a stronger Brexit hand City fund managers say a Conservative win will lessen May's reliance on Brexit hardliners View Greece can take heat out of debt woe with Icelandic model Greece can take heat out of debt woe with Icelandic model Iceland's response to its sovereign debt problems shows how allowing capitalism to run its course can help a nation address crippling economic woes © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synthomer PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synthomer PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Synthomer PLC (SYNT) Target Price at $459.18 $293.37 Million in Sales Expected for Surgery Partners Inc (SGRY) This Quarter Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades MarineMax Inc (HZO) to “Buy” Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate KLX Inc (KLXI) to Announce $0.30 EPS Five Below Inc (FIVE) Upgraded to Buy by Vetr Inc. Workiva Inc (WK) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $50.71 Million New Relic Inc (NEWR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $71.98 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) to Post -$0.07 EPS $0.19 EPS Expected for Neff Corp (NEFF) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.2 Billion -$0.30 Earnings Per Share Expected for Zosano Pharma Corp (ZSAN) This Quarter Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Callaway Golf Co (ELY) to Buy Analysts Expect Kraton Corp (KRA) to Post ($0.23) Earnings Per Share Engold Mines Ltd (EGM) Director Jeremy Wiebe Acquires 50,000 Shares James Offerdahl Sells 1,000 Shares of Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO) Stock Total Energy Services Inc Acquires 45,000 Shares of Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Stock Colin Stretch Sells 750 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Mark G. Merrill Sells 3,000 Shares of NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) Stock Ryan King Sells 25,625 Shares of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) Stock Analysts Set Synthomer PLC (SYNT) Target Price at $459.18 April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Synthomer PLC (LON:SYNT) have received an average rating of “Hold” from the twelve research firms that are covering the firm. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, four have issued a hold recommendation and six have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 459.18 ($5.78). SYNT has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Berenberg Bank upgraded Synthomer PLC to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 375 ($4.72) to GBX 505 ($6.36) in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 495 ($6.23) target price (up previously from GBX 400 ($5.03)) on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 450 ($5.66) target price on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 368 ($4.63) target price on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reiterated an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 350 ($4.41) target price on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research note on Monday, February 6th. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/analysts-set-synthomer-plc-synt-target-price-at-459-18.html. Shares of Synthomer PLC (LON:SYNT) traded down 1.48% during trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 479.80. 956,894 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 466.65 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 407.08. Synthomer PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 300.30 and a 1-year high of GBX 488.60. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.63 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a dividend of GBX 7.80 ($0.10) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.75%. This is a positive change from Synthomer PLC’s previous dividend of $3.50. Synthomer PLC Company Profile Synthomer Plc is a United Kingdom-based specialty chemical company. The Company supplies lattices and specialty emulsion polymers for markets, including paper and board, constructions and coatings, health and protection, functional polymers, performance polymers, and carpet, compounds and foam. It operates in segments, including Europe and North America (ENA) and Asia and Rest of World (ARW). Receive News & Ratings for Synthomer PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synthomer PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Log in Subscribe Subscriber Services Advertise eEdition Archives WEEU 830AM An All Access or Digital Only subscription is required for unlimited access to readingeagle.com. Current subscriber Activate Now Not a subscriber Subscribe Today (click here) Subscriber Services Make a payment Vacation stop Delivery Complaints Sign up for Autopay Purchase a Subscription Purchase a Gift Subscription Money@ReadingEagle.com News Opinion Sports Life Weekend Business Weekly Berks Country Obituaries Marketplace Classifieds Special Sections Multimedia Berks & Beyond Tri-County Your Community State Nation/World Politics Money Special Projects Weather Traffic Crime Daily Docket Missed A Day Editorial/Letters Columnists Blogs Today's Sports Berks Game Day College Sports Football Baseball Hockey Basketball Reading 120 U.S. Women's Open NASCAR Hunting & Fishing Today's Life Finding Christmas Berks Country Fest Berks Jazz Fest Advice Art Books Entertainment Fashion Fitness Food Gardening Health Home Movies Tony Lucia's Movie House Music Outdoors Parenting People Pets Berks Pets Thoughts on Paws Religion Seniors Theater Travel Voices Celebrations Holiday Lights Eagle Scout Form Holiday Bazaars Form Centenarian Form Profile 2017 Women in Business Beer Section HOME & Real Estate Drive Berks Pets Kutztown 150th Veterans Day Section Special Sections Art On Exhibit Music In Concert Movies Theater On Stage To-Do List First Draft Events Personals Celebrations Purchase Photos Purchase Reprints Subscribe Reader Rewards Big Deal$ Employment Public Notices Yard Sales Videos and Photo Galleries Podcasts Purchase photos New Hires Form Accolades Form News to Use Form Hands on Projects Form Toot Your Own Horn Form The Sound Room Today's Money Mortgage Rates Interest rates Newsmaker Form Business Spotlight Form Suicide: A Whispered Crisis Drug Abuse Crisis The Pope in Philadelphia Newsmakers 2014 Taylor Swift Superstar Gifts of Christmas When Death Means Life Friday Knights Seeking a Vision for Downtown Kutztown Folk Festival Berks Best Graduation 2015 Latinos on the Move THON The Beatles Anniversary Beyond the Bars Failing Care Storm Center Eye on the Weather Penn State Berks Colleges/NCAA Top 25 Men's Basketball Nittany Extra Eagles/NFL Reading Fightins Phillies/MLB Reading Royals Flyers/NHL Sixers/NBA Club Scene Profiles Flyer Wedding Form Engagement Form Anniversary Form Wedding Form Engagement Form Anniversary Form Pottstown at 200 Boyertown 150 Fallen Troubadours Home Money   The Associated Press | Executives at JPMorgan Chase & Co. say they've looked at their bank's sales behavior and have found nothing amiss. Wells Fargo scandal weighs heavily on banks Wednesday April 19, 2017 12:01 AM By Ken Sweet - The Associated Press DALLAS - It's the topic the banking industry can't avoid, even when people prefer not to mention it by name: Wells Fargo. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about "cross-selling" and "incentive compensation." Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. And circulating among Wells Fargo's biggest competitors is the scathing report from the bank's board of directors that laid blame for its toxic sales practices on negligent management. Eager not to be the next Wells Fargo, some other big banks say they are examining their own practices against the board report and actively looking for ways to avoid any sales issues before becoming engulfed in a similar kind of scandal. "Any major occurrence in the industry is going to impact us all," said Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association, the trade and lobbying group that organized the recent CBA Live gathering. Well-read report Wells had by far the most aggressive sales goals among the big banks, and the board's report said the problems date back at least 15 years - but that executives had little interest in dealing with the issue until it spiraled out of control. The board also reclaimed another $75 million in pay from former CEO John Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying they dragged their feet for years. That report has been making its way through top executive offices at nearly every big bank, executives said. JPMorgan Chase's upper management is reviewing the report, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last week. The same is happening over at Citigroup. Both banks have looked at their own sales behavior, and say they found nothing amiss. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Dinofrio declined to say whether executives reviewed the report, but stressed "we feel good about our sales practices." For the industry, the next potential shoe to drop will likely be from federal bank regulator the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, whose bank examiners are combing through each of big bank sales programs. Their findings are expected this summer. And the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is also doing its own investigation. In the meantime, it was clear at CBA Live that managers were actively searching for ideas on how to stop what happened at Wells from potentially occurring at their banks. "We need to do a better job in teaching our front-line employees to speak up when something doesn't smell right," said Ed Dwyer, chief risk officer for community banking at U.S. Bank, to fellow bank executives in a panel. Changes coming? Nearly every breakout panel dealing directly or indirectly with sales practices was filled to capacity, or was standing room-only. They discussed possible industry-wide changes to how bank employees are paid, or allowing typically back-of-house departments of a bank - compliance and risk - to have just as much say on business decisions as the sales and marketing departments. There was even talk about how bank compliance officers should be alerted to any potential whistleblower calls that may exist, typically something a company's human resources department would handle. It's a direct reaction to reports that Wells Fargo employees, who alerted management to the sales practices problems using the bank's ethics hotline, were sometimes fired for speaking out. Earlier this month, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration awarded $5.4 million to a Wells Fargo employee who was fired for raising alarms. Bankers also want to allow move away from specific sales quotas at their branches, such as how many checking accounts or credit cards each employee needs to open. Until this year, Wells Fargo management highlighted its "cross-sell ratio," which is the number of accounts or other services a Wells Fargo customer typically had at the bank. Wells was aiming for as many as eight per household, while most big banks aim to have two to three per customer. After the scandal, Wells got rid of its sales goals and restructured how it pays employees to focus less on opening checking accounts and more on how those bank accounts are actually used. The bank also stopped referring to its branches as "stores." No other banks have made public wholesale changes to their sales programs like Wells Fargo, but nearly all the major banks have or are conducting reviews. "Cross-sell for the sake of cross-sell is going to come back to bite you," said Nitin Mhatre, executive vice president of community banking at Connecticut-based Webster Bank. TODAY'S SPONSOR: ADJUST FONT SIZE: A A A Other Stories Fightin Phils replay: April 20, 2017 Reading routed by Akron Marsalis, Elling mesh in Kutztown concert Their concert was the final installment in the Kutztown University Presents! season Candidates for City Council attend forum Two of five candidates seeking four-year terms and one seeking a two-year term participated in the forum at Oakbrook Brewing Co. Cycling league, Albright court velodrome investors The indoor bicycle racing center carries a $20 million pricetag Welcome guest! | subscribe | log in Want to know the big stories of the day? Sign up for Reading Eagle Top Stories e-newsletter. A daily email will include links to the day's top stories in News, Life, Sports and more. QUICK LINKS   Editorial News Money Sports Berks GameDay Life Voices Business Weekly Berks Country Weekend Content Columnists Blogs eEdition Archives TVTimes Special Sections Lottery Opinion Obituaries Events Calendar Marketplace BIGdeal$ Celebrations Reader Rewards Reading Eagle Store Reproductions Internet Directory Services Contact Us Subscriber Services Subscriber Loyalty Events FAQs Advertise With Us Feedback User Submissions Newspaper in Education Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Mobile RSS Alerts Classified Find A Job Find A Car Find A Rental Find A Home Find A Date Find Merchandise loading... What people are reading Most Popular 1. State might drain water from near The Rock 2. Police identify man found dead in pond in Cumru Township 3. Windsor Township man charged in assault on 8-year-old girl, state police say 4. Reading downtown worker finds Chihuahua in trash receptacle 5. Former Muhlenberg School Board member admits to role in scrap metal theft 6. McDonald's order trips up Facebook slaying suspect 7. 5 women arrested in Reading in prostitution sting 8. Brothers want to keep Bowl-O-Rama open 9. Troopers arrest wanted Hamburg couple 10. 3 students join transgender lawsuit at Boyertown Reader Photo Galleries Reading celebration reader photo gallery Reader photos from Christmas at FirstEnergy Stadium Illustrations by freshmen at Boyertown Junior High West Showcase: Artwork of Brandywine Heights students Showcase: Artwork of Daniel Tetreault Showcase: Work of Adam Dautrich Jones Showcase: Work of Anna Laczkowski Showcase: Week of March 15 Readers' photos from the Jan. 23 snowstorm Holiday Lights in Berks 2015 Holiday Lights Around Berks Sketchbook Contest grades 6-8 Trophy Room Around Berks Nature Snow Days Travel News as it Happens Eye on the Weather Submit your photos! Purchase Daily Photos Editorial News Money Sports Berks GameDay Life Voices Business Weekly Berks Country Weekend Opinion Obituaries Content Columnists Blogs eEdition Archives TVTimes Special Sections Events Marketplace Classified Directory Find A Job Find A Car Find A Rental Find A Home Find A Date Find Merchandise Celebrations Reader Rewards Reproductions Big Deal$ Services Contact Us Subscriber Services FAQs Advertise With Us Lottery Feedback User Submissions Newspaper in Education Internet Directory Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ Mobile RSS Alerts Reading Eagle Company 345 Penn Street . Reading . PA . 19603 . 610.371.5000 Contact us | Archives | Subscribe | Privacy policy | Advertise with us ©2013-2014 Reading Eagle Company, All Rights Reserved - These links are not endorsements of any products or services in such sites , and no information in such site has been endorsed or approved by this site.
Indian firms and H1B visas | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Tue, Apr 18 2017. 10 11 PM IST How Union Bank was hacked and got its money back Union Bank of India recently fell prey to hacking—robbing the lender of $171 million—but the hackers made a silly mistake Subscribe to our newsletter. Gopika GopakumarLeslie D'Monte The Union Bank of India hacking was triggered after an employee clicked on a phishing email that released malware into the bank’s servers. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Mumbai: It was just another Friday for the hundreds of office goers who were jostling with each other to get to their own work places in and around the corporate office of the Union Bank of India at Nariman Point in Mumbai. Even those queuing up in the early hours at the cash counters across the 4,233 branches and 7,946 ATMs of the bank spread across India, were calmly going about their tasks— depositing money or withdrawing cash. However, those early hours of 21 July 2016, were going to be anything but ordinary for the chairman and managing director of Union Bank, Arun Tiwari, who also sits in the corporate office—the Union Bank Bhavan. Happily going about his routine tasks of reading newspapers, sipping a cup of tea and updating himself of the goings-on in the bank, Tiwari was just settling in when his phone rang. He still remembers the time. “It was around 10.30am when I was informed that an unidentified hacker was attempting to swindle us of $171 million (about Rs1,100 crore at today’s rates) from our Nostro account.” A Nostro account is an account that a bank holds in a foreign currency in another bank. All hell should have broken loose. But Tiwari, who insists that he is a “non-technical” person kept his cool. “The thing uppermost in my mind was that I had to quickly get onto the money trail and recover the money.” That was easier said than done. By the time the Union Bank official in the treasury department, who was reconciling the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payments for the day realized that an amount of $171 million had already been debited from the dollar account of the bank without his authorization, the money had travelled far and wide. The money had found its way to accounts in two banks in Cambodia—the Canadia Bank Plc and RHB IndoChina Bank Ltd, besides the Siam Commercial Bank in Thailand, Bank Sinopac in Taiwan, and a bank in Australia. These funds were routed by Citibank New York and JP Morgan Chase New York, which hold UBI’s foreign exchange accounts. Even as Tiwari informed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the ministry of external affairs and Gulshan Rai, director general of the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), to apprise them of the matter and take advice, he simultaneously sent a terse message instructing all the staff at Union Bank Bhavan that “a whole floor on that building was to be cordoned off, and that all staff members working to solve this problem would only leave after the matter was resolved”. “Inspection investigation was done by CERT-In, RBI, our own team,” Tiwari recalls, adding that he also appointed consulting firm EY “the same night”. EY said “as far operations are concerned, you are ahead of time. Whatever was required to be done, as a non-technical person, has already been done.” How did it exactly happen? First, the bank had to know what exactly had gone wrong and how the hackers got access to Union Bank’s servers. Did an insider assist in the task or was it a breach by an external device? It appears, it was neither. Rather, it was an email from a very authentic source— (RBI)—with an attachment. “This email was sent to a few email IDs, and some of them were from customer care, e-banking and some were addressed to individuals too. It might have happened even before 20 July,” Tiwari recalls. Kartik Shinde, partner, advisory services, EY, recalls receiving a call at 10pm that night. “Which PSU (public sector undertaking) bank in India has that ability to take that call? I know of two-three others, who started evaluating vendors, took prices from them. UBI said start the work and we will give whatever the fees. You need to have someone authoritative in the bank like the chairman who will take the call saying that I will take the necessary approvals from CVC (Central Vigilance Commission) and all others but get this analysis done sooner because the more time you spent analysing it, you are giving more lead time for attackers to cover up their tracks, to get out of the system,” he said. It wasn’t that Union Bank was the specific target. Shinde insists that “I wouldn’t say it was a random pick. If I have to break into this network, I will send the payload or malware to all employees. It doesn’t matter who clicks on the link. The hacker simply wants to access the system from where he will do the transaction.” This is also what happened in Union Bank’s case. The “phishing”—an attempt to obtain sensitive information such as usernames, passwords and other financial details by pretending to be a trustworthy entity—mails were sent to 15 email IDs. “Three people reported that the email was suspicious to the IT security. The other Union Bank employees were “technically-savvy” persons. They noticed that although the email address said @rbi.org.in, it had an attachment that a zip file. Within the zip file, there was a dot (xer) file and not a dot pdf file, which is why they reported it as suspicious,” Shinde said. Unfortunately, one of the “not-so-tech-savvy” Union Bank officials fell prey to the phishing email and clicked on the link which released the malware that went viral on the bank’s servers. The hackers would have got their way and swindled the cash but for a silly mistake they made, according to Shinde. When a bank does a SWIFT transaction during the day, they typically get a reconciliation report the next day and all the corresponding banks send them the “end-of-the-day balance” report the following morning. When Union Bank got it from the originating bank, they saw a difference of $170 million and that alerted them because of one mistake—the hackers deleted the six entries they had made. “That’s why we say it’s quite similar to the Bangladesh online heist (theft of $81 million from the central bank of Bangladesh in February 2016). If they had not deleted the entries, it would have taken some more time for the bank to realise that there are fraudulent transactions,” Shinde explained. Every bank runs a reconciliation process at the end of the day. The malware that infected the central bank of Bangladesh, too, had a component which manipulated the SWIFT’s prt file. The prt file is a print file which usually prints the report of transactions for that day. For instance, if the report shows 106 transactions when they have actually done only 100 transactions, the discrepancy will come to light. This is one reason why the hackers deleted the six transactions in the Union Bank episode. However, this is also the reason that the hack was discovered. So what did Union Bank do? Shinde recalls some RBI officials being there when the forensics began. “The CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) had not come yet. The cybercrime cell officials were there. Traditional police mentality was it must be some insider,” Shinde said. Even a First Information Report (FIR) was filed almost a month after the incident, according to Tiwari. “It took us sometime to zero down on the fact that the attack was similar to what happened in the Bangladesh case,” Shinde explained. EY officials went about doing an analysis of the server and “some network forensics”. They, thus, narrowed down on the systems involved. “Imaging takes 48 hours, indexing takes 24 hours. For instance, when you put a system to do imaging of the disk, it takes two days for a 2 terrabyte (TB) hard disk. There is a lot of time lag that happens. We had a tough time facing the regulators and security officers. It was a high-pressure environment. RBI used to call us every day, asking us what happened. We had to tell them that analysis takes time,” Shinde said. The problem, according to Shinde, is that EY had access only to a “limited set of logs”. Organizations, according to Shinde, typically keep logs in the system for a period of 2-4 months and not for 1-2 years. The reason is also that the data is humongous. “If someone had the ability to analyse a two-year log, you’d have different answers coming out. It’s very difficult. So attribution of zeroing down on a particular geography is very difficult.” In UBI’s case, the UBI employee was sitting in the Mumbai office. But he could have been anywhere. Given that networks of most organizations are flat, SWIFT networks are not segregated—one computer can reach the other computer very easily, according to Shinde. The objective of the attacker is to infect anyone and then start searching for critical systems within the network. In technical terms, it’s called lateral movement, Shinde explained. After analyzing the problem with the “limited resources” on hand, Union Bank delinked its “380-odd SWIFT pan-India connections” in a bid to centralize operations. “Then we created space in this building (Union Bank Bhavan), and had around 40 hotline operators manning the phones. I had told them that nobody will leave till such time that this is put in place and tested,” Tiwari explained. The ploy worked. As regulation necessitates, Union Bank informed the exchanges on 22 July that “…there was an attempted cyber incidence in USD Nostro Account of the bank. The money trail was promptly traced and movement of funds was blocked. Resultantly, there is no loss caused to the bank”. “What pains me —in cricket, we call this a late run. The headlines (referring to reports that appeared a year after the heist) are screaming as if this happened yesterday,” Tiwari rued. He added, “We had, and have, concurrent manual checks too. In all these kinds of heists, money is lost or partly retrieved. Credence must be given that we did not lose a single cent. We recovered about 70% of the money within 24 hours. The last tranche of $30 million took me 50-60 hours because of a legal process.” But isn’t prevention better than cure? Union Bank, according to the 22 July press statement to the exchanges, added that a cybersecurity forensic audit was being done to “identify, plug any gaps and strengthen the system. “There is no impact on the Bank’s operations,” the note concluded. The question that begs an answer—one which even Tiwari could not answer satisfactorily—is who was to blame for the lapse: Union Bank or SWIFT? Kiran Shetty, CEO of SWIFT India, insisted that “SWIFT’s system has not been compromised. We have not got a cyber report from Union Bank or any forensic report from them. The investigation is closely held by them. In most cases, when cyber attacks happen, people are not forthcoming with information. We have not been exposed to full details.” “Globally, there are controls and principles we are defining. We are revisiting the vendors that we have in terms of our connection. We have never been compromised. We are only doing pieces to further strengthen the evolution of our system. We are doing roadshows across five cities in India along with the Indian Banks Association talking about cyber security controls, cyber hygiene, etc,” Shetty said. Shetty, though, acknowledged that “cyber threat is real and is growing”. According to him, the pace of digitization that we have seen in the last decade and at a more accelerated pace, requires the same level of investment on the cyber side as well. The regulator (RBI), he added, has introduced regulations around a CISO (chief information and security officer) directly reporting to the board. There is also a customer security programme where “we are now mandating 27 controls, of which 16 are mandates and 11 are advisory. If you don’t have 16, we will start reporting to the regulator.” Implementation of all these regulations will have to be done by the end of the year. Even Tiwari expressed his inability to share a copy of the forensics report. “I cannot share further details because even I don’t have a copy,” he said. Tiwari, however, pointed out that the measures his bank has undertaken after the incident last July included the “most stringent filtering, awareness of employees, whitelisting (proactive security technique that only allows a limited set of approved programs to run while blocking the others), BIOS passwords (to prevent external devices from accessing computers and servers) and engagement with regional office levels constantly”. He added, though, that even as the bank was fortifying its IT platform “trying to see how to make your processes efficient”, he would not rule out future cyber attacks. “We have put the best IT guys on the jobs and even a CISO but the fact is that however many locks you put on the door, a burglary can still take place. The point is to remain alert and put measures in place, which we have done already,” Tiwari insisted. Shinde concurred that cyber crimes are well thought and well researched most of the times. Even when EY does cyber attack simulations, the first part is the reconnaissance phase. “It’s like in any war on an attack, you first do a thorough reconnaissance on the target to see how weak they are, what controls are there, who to target first, what are the avenues for entry, how many avenues are there,” Shinde explained. Shinde added that one can easily pick up and sniff out email addresses from employees putting news on groups, public forums. “It’s possible that Union Bank, too, could have been targeted via a reconnaissance exercise. This is just one bank which has come out in the open. We don’t know how many banks are there who have gone through the same incident and not reported it to the regulator,” Shinde said, concluding, “Even if you fix everything, you cannot rule out the chance that it will not happen again. In UBI’s case, they responded faster. Today, the response time is critical.” Incidents of hacking in recent times —Federal prosecutors are investigating North Korea’s possible role in a SWIFT hack that resulted in the theft of $81 million from the central bank of Bangladesh in February 2016, according to a 15 April report in the New York Times. Security researchers found that traces of code used in the Bangladesh theft had been used in a cyber attack against Sony in 2014, which the Obama administration and security experts blamed North Korean hackers for carrying out, the report added. Soon after RBI asked Indian banks to immediately put in place a cyber security policy. —Card data of 3.2 million customers was stolen between 25 May and 10 July in 2016 from a network of Yes Bank Ltd ATMs managed by Hitachi Payment Services Pvt. Ltd. —Axis Bank reported cyber security breach in October 2016; malware found in its server; no monetary loss reported. —Bank of Maharashtra lost Rs25 crore when a bug in the Unified Payments Interface (UPI) system allowed people to send money without having the necessary funds in their accounts earlier this year. —On 8 April SBI ATM in Odisha spews out cash without any card being swiped. Physical malware attack suspected in these ATMs. Gopika GopakumarLeslie D'Monte Topics: Union Bank of India hacking bank accounts phishing email Union Bank hacked More From Livemint READ MORE Vladimir Putin-linked think tank drew up plan to sway 2016 US election: reports IPL 2017: Kane Williamson, bowlers set up Sunrisers’ 15-run win over Delhi Daredevils Review: Coolpad Note 5 Lite defies limited specs with a convincing user experience First Published: Mon, Apr 17 2017. 04 38 AM IST Editor's Picks As US visa troubles deepen, more Indians look to come back What led to the crisis at Snapdeal? Coca-Cola’s new ad featuring Deepika Padukone goes viral Latest News Vladimir Putin-linked think tank drew up plan to sway 2016 US election: reports IPL 2017: Kane Williamson, bowlers set up Sunrisers’ 15-run win over Delhi Daredevils Review: Coolpad Note 5 Lite defies limited specs with a convincing user experience Global gold prices steady on geopolitical worries amid firm dollar Supreme Court approves e-auction of Taj Mansingh Hotel Mint On Sunday The fairy tale rise of Aizawl FC India’s African heritage Honey, I know what you did last night Letter from... the Republic of Jugaad Jellyfisher Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Goldman Misses Big on Trading, Trails Rivals Badly -- 7th Update ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Goldman Misses Big on Trading, Trails Rivals Badly -- 7th Update By Liz Hoffman Published April 18, 2017 Features Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print A rare trading stumble from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. ended a streak of strong earnings for big U.S. banks and set the Wall Street powerhouse, fresh off a leadership transition, on its heels early in the year. Continue Reading Below Goldman reported first-quarter net income of $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share, on revenue of $8.03 billion. All three figures were better than a year ago, but fell below what Wall Street analysts had ballparked. The reason: a 2.4% decline from a year earlier in all-important trading revenue, which was well behind results reported by rivals. The lackluster result shows that for all its postcrisis changes--dialing down risk, adding consumer-facing businesses and embracing lending--Goldman still lives and dies by the unpredictable and unforgiving business of swapping stocks, bonds and commodities. The rare misstep comes amid a transition atop the firm. Gary Cohn, the former No. 2 to Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein, departed for a job in the White House in December and was replaced by a new pair of top lieutenants. R. Martin Chavez, who takes over as chief financial officer later this month, spent his first analyst-earnings call explaining the misstep. "We didn't navigate the market well," Mr. Chavez said. "There are always things we can do better... but no one quarter defines the franchise." Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Goldman shares fell 5%. The biggest contributor to the Dow Jones' Industrial Average's post-election run, Goldman shares have been the index's biggest laggard this year as investors' exuberance about the Trump administration's agenda has worn off. Goldman's results were in contrast to big-bank rivals. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. beat estimates last week, powered by huge trading gains, and Bank of America Corp. followed suit Tuesday. Morgan Stanley reports Wednesday. Goldman's return on equity, a closely watched measure of profitability, was 11.4% in the first quarter, though it would have been 8.9% without a tax adjustment. That's below the bank's theoretical cost of capital of around 10%, a threshold Goldman rarely falls below. Investors were expecting a better performance, in part, because the Federal Reserve in recent months has twice raised interest rates. That bodes well for trading businesses as investors buy products to protect themselves from future increases and bet on diverging rates. But Goldman didn't get the boost seen elsewhere. Its fixed-income revenue was essentially flat versus a year earlier, while J.P. Morgan posted a 17% gain, Citigroup was up 19% and Bank of America led with a 29% increase. Mr. Chavez blamed calm markets, which present clients with fewer opportunities to make wagers on price moves. For example, the price of U.S. crude oil hasn't been this stable in more than two years, by one measure. That stings Goldman, which is bigger in commodities trading than rivals. In other areas, Goldman tripped while rivals shone. Bank of America singled out corporate-bond trading as a bright spot, while Goldman said that dragged on its results. The Charlotte-based bank also generated $1 billion more in overall fixed-income trading revenue than Goldman, the largest-ever gap between the two firms. "Hard to put lipstick on these results," UBS Group AG analysts wrote in a note to clients. Goldman's trading desk hasn't been Wall Street's biggest by revenue in years, eclipsed after the financial crisis by J.P. Morgan and others. But it has long been seen as its fiercest and most profitable, relying on its brains rather than brawn. Making matters worse, the first quarter is typically the strongest for trading desks as investors reposition portfolios for the new year. The slow start is also likely to raise questions about whether the firm has the right mix of trading clients. Goldman's traditional strength in peddling complex trading products to hedge funds, a high-margin business, once powered its results. But that focus became a liability in recent years as these clients struggled with poor returns and investor preference shifted to simpler widgets that, for example, protect against currency or interest-rate swings. Goldman has pushed over the past year or so to emphasize those plain-vanilla products and do more trading business with corporations and asset managers. Mr. Chavez said Tuesday that the firm's efforts in that area were still under way. The bank also reshuffled leadership in its fixed-income trading business last fall and has been heavily courting so-called quantitative funds. These use algorithms, rather than human hands, to trade heavy volumes of securities. Revenue in Goldman's investment-banking division, which advises on mergers and acquisitions and corporate fundraisings, rose 16% on a surge in stock offerings. The firm held off a late-quarter challenge from Morgan Stanley to retain its M&A crown. But there are warning signs there, too. Merger fees fell 1.9% from last year and the bank's pipeline of future deals has shrunk. Even Goldman's faster-growing businesses aren't yet big enough to make up for a blunder in core trading activities. Since the crisis, the firm has tiptoed into areas such as consumer lending and asset management, which have more stable revenue. For example, revenue at Goldman's investment-management division, which handles money for pension funds, wealthy families and others, rose 12% from a year earlier. And Marcus, the firm's new online personal-lending business, is nearing $1 billion in loans outstanding after launching just six months ago, according to people familiar with the matter. Write to Liz Hoffman at liz.hoffman@wsj.com A rare trading stumble from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. ended a streak of strong earnings for big U.S. banks and set the Wall Street powerhouse, fresh off a leadership transition, on its heels early in the year. Goldman reported first-quarter net income of $2.26 billion, or $5.15 a share, on revenue of $8.03 billion. All three figures were better than a year earlier but fell below what Wall Street analysts had forecast. The reason: a 2.4% decline from a year earlier in all-important trading revenue, which was well behind results reported by rivals. The lackluster result shows that for all of its postcrisis changes -- dialing down risk, adding consumer-facing businesses and embracing lending -- the unpredictable and unforgiving business of swapping stocks, bonds and commodities remains critical to Goldman's fortunes. Of course, one quarter of weakness is far from a trend, and investors still view Goldman as having one of the strongest trading franchises on Wall Street. The firm had a dismal first quarter in 2016 as well, only for results to bounce back later in the year. But the rare misstep comes amid a transition atop the firm. Gary Cohn, the former No. 2 to Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein, departed for a job in the White House in December and was succeeded by a new pair of top lieutenants. R. Martin Chavez, who takes over as chief financial officer later this month, spent his first analyst earnings call explaining the misstep. "We didn't navigate the market well," Mr. Chavez said. "There are always things we can do better...but no one quarter defines the franchise." Goldman shares fell 4.7% Tuesday. The biggest contributor to the Dow Jones Industrial Average's postelection run, Goldman shares have been the index's biggest laggard this year as investors' skepticism about enactment of the Trump administration's agenda has increased. Goldman's results contrast with those of big-bank rivals. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. beat estimates last week, powered by huge trading gains, and Bank of America Corp. followed suit Tuesday. Morgan Stanley is scheduled to report Wednesday. Goldman's return on equity, a closely watched measure of profitability, was 11.4% in the first quarter, though it would have been 8.9% without a tax adjustment. That is below the bank's theoretical cost of capital of around 10%, a threshold Goldman rarely falls below. Investors expected a better performance, in part because the Federal Reserve in recent months has twice raised interest rates. That bodes well for trading businesses as investors buy products to protect themselves from future increases and bet on interest rates moving in different directions. But Goldman didn't get the boost seen elsewhere. Its fixed-income revenue was essentially flat compared with a year earlier, while J.P. Morgan posted a 17% gain, Citigroup was up 19% and Bank of America led with a 29% increase. Mr. Chavez blamed calm markets, which present clients with fewer opportunities to make wagers on price moves. For example, the price of U.S. crude oil hasn't been this stable in more than two years, by one measure. That stings Goldman, which is bigger in commodities trading than rivals. In other areas, Goldman tripped while rivals shone. Bank of America singled out corporate-bond trading as a bright spot, while Goldman said that dragged on its results. The Charlotte, N.C.-based bank also generated $1 billion more in overall fixed-income trading revenue than Goldman, the largest-ever gap between the two firms. "Hard to put lipstick on these results," UBS Group AG analysts wrote in a note to clients. Goldman's trading desk hasn't been Wall Street's biggest by revenue in years, eclipsed by J.P. Morgan and others. But it has long been seen as its fiercest and most profitable, relying on its brains rather than size. Making matters worse, the first quarter is typically the strongest for trading desks as investors reposition portfolios for the new year. The slow start is also likely to raise questions about whether the firm has the right mix of trading clients. Goldman's traditional strength in peddling complex trading products to hedge funds, a high-margin business, once powered its results. But that focus became a liability in recent years as these clients struggled with poor returns and investor preference shifted to simpler widgets that, for example, protect against currency or interest-rate swings. Goldman has pushed over the past year or so to emphasize those plain-vanilla products and do more trading business with corporations and asset managers. Mr. Chavez said Tuesday that the firm's efforts in that area were still under way. The bank also shuffled leadership in its fixed-income trading business last fall and has been heavily courting quantitative funds. These use algorithms, rather than human hands, to trade heavy volumes of securities. Revenue in Goldman's investment-banking division, which advises on mergers and acquisitions and corporate fundraisings, rose 16% on a surge in stock offerings. The firm held off a late-quarter challenge from Morgan Stanley to retain its M&A crown. There are warning signs there, too. Merger fees fell 1.9% from last year and the bank's pipeline of future deals has shrunk. Even Goldman's faster-growing businesses aren't yet big enough to make up for a blunder in core trading activities. Since the crisis, the firm has invested in areas such as consumer lending and asset management, which have more stable revenue. For example, revenue at Goldman's investment-management division, which handles money for pension funds, wealthy families and others, rose 12% from a year earlier. And Marcus, the firm's new online personal-lending business, is nearing $1 billion in loans outstanding after launching just six months ago, according to people familiar with the matter. Write to Liz Hoffman at liz.hoffman@wsj.com (END) Dow Jones Newswires April 18, 2017 21:06 ET (01:06 GMT) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, April 20, 2017 2:53 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Alarm sounds in emerging currencies for top Asia forecaster Wednesday April 19, 2017 11:38 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Record £3.6b revenue not enough to put Premier League in the black Pence to tour Indonesia’s largest mosque in outreach to Muslims The Edit: BMW 7 Series plug-in hybrid The Edit: Ikea mulls standalone eateries Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article South Korea’s won, Indonesia’s rupiah and Thailand’s baht will all decline more than 2 per cent in the next nine months, according to Wells Fargo forecasts. — Reuters picSINGAPORE, April 19 — Beware the rally in emerging-market currencies: The best quarterly performance in almost seven years is about to reverse. That’s the message from the mostaccurate forecaster of developing-nation Asian currencies last quarter: Wells Fargo & Co. “We don’t see continued appreciation through the rest of the year,” said Nicholas Bennenbroek, head of currency strategy at the US bank in New York. “Federal Reserve interest-rate increases should continue at a steady pace, which should weigh on most foreign currencies, including Asian currencies.” South Korea’s won, Indonesia’s rupiah and Thailand’s baht will all decline more than 2 per cent in the next nine months, according to Wells Fargo forecasts. The rupee and the peso will also weaken, but will be more resilient due to the hawkishness of the Indian and Philippine central banks, said Bennenbroek. The Bloomberg-JPMorgan Asia Dollar Index, which tracks 10 regional currencies excluding the yen, rose 2.5 per cent in the three months to March, the most since the quarter through September 2010. Bennenbroek shared his views in an email interview last week: Why the negativity on Asian currencies? “Among the contributing factors to the solid performance of Asian currencies during the first quarter was the strength of global equity markets, and periods of corrective US dollar weakness following rate hikes in December and March. We don’t expect the pace of equity-market gains will match their recent rapid pace, and indeed there may be periods of weakness. A less favourable global equity market environment will also remove a source of support for Asian currencies.” Why will the rupee and peso outperform? “Most Asian currencies should decline versus the greenback, although there should be winners and losers.” The rupee will be relatively resilient due to India’s solid economy and a reasonably prudent and neutral monetary policy that is “leaning hawkish rather than dovish,” and sound external accounts. Strong economic growth and the possibility of rate hikes are supportive factors for the peso. The peso will drop 1.2 per cent to 50.25 per dollar over the next nine months, while the rupee will decline 1.3 per cent to 65.50, Wells Fargo forecasts. Apart from the Fed, what are the other risks? The won will weaken due to subdued economic growth, an on-hold central bank and some softening in Korea’s external accounts that has made the currency more sensitive to global events. The main risks that Asian currencies will underperform Wells Fargo forecasts are financial-market instability or economic disappointment in China, or challenging trade negotiations and relationships with the US, he said. That would be particularly negative for the yuan and the won. There are also geopolitical risks related to North Korea, which would probably impact South Korea the most. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Dow falls due to weakness in IBM, oil shares Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years Maybank Investment Bank revises upward net profit forecasts on CIMB Group Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years, but below forecast Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Tennis star Serena Williams is pregnant, report says Reuters Video: Surfer scientist examines impact of ocean bacteria on humans Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Ringgit hits lowest since 1998, Asia FX dented by Fed outlook Emerging currencies, including ringgit, to remain volatile next year, World Bank official says Firm dollar undermines emerging Asian currencies, ringgit around eight-month low Cautious support for emerging currencies against US dollar Emerging stocks join global rally as currencies slide Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading United Airlines’ boss Oscar Munoz should have followed this four-point checklist  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies Macroscope by Richard Harris United Airlines’ boss Oscar Munoz should have followed this four-point checklist ‘After years of experience of delicate situations, I came to realise that it is almost 100 per cent better to tell the whole truth’ PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 19 April, 2017, 9:51am UPDATED : Wednesday, 19 April, 2017, 10:38pm Comments:   Richard Harris Share PrintEmail Related topics Macroscope Related Articles Global Economy As ‘dealmaker’ Trump pivots on China, things are looking up 18 Apr 2017 Global Economy This is a good moment to sell everything 17 Apr 2017 Global Economy Why everybody was wrong in calling the bond market 13 Apr 2017 In the film Too Big to Fail, the narrator lists all the bosses who went to jail for allowing their companies to pump up debt levels so high that it led to the 2008 financial collapse. Then he says: “Actually, that’s not true. Nobody went to jail!” Big corporate bosses make horrendous mistakes and usually get away scot-free. Lesson 101 in Chief Executive School after such is to round up the usual suspects and fire someone junior, perhaps destroying their career with a self-serving press release. The next step is to say that “only hindsight” could have figured out the problem and naturally they cannot resign because only they can sort out the mess. Security guards (bouncers rather than policemen) used by United Airlines punched the lights out of a 69-year-old doctor to get him off an overbooked plane. Junior staff had managed to get some passengers to alight by offering money. Why not bid more? It may have cost it US$1,500 to allow the doctor to see his patients but that is irrelevant for an airline making US$36 billion in annual revenue. David Dao’s lawsuit could cost United millions in compensation after an expensive court battle and massive loss of reputation. Was it worth it? It is not all the fault of the hapless Oscar Munoz, the chief executive of United, who has had a torrid time on social media. Just a day after United’s incident, Easyjet ruined a family holiday for overbooking but quickly apologised and admitted “human error”. Munoz blamed a “system failure”. This he partially inherited; but his big mistake was his incompetence in handling the aftermath – and that is not acceptable from someone who earned HK$52 million last year. Corporate muck-ups happen of course and the litany of corporate disasters is long. Samsung Electronics’ Note 7 phone kept exploding; BP’s Deepwater Horizon oil rig fire almost destroyed the company; Takada Corp’s airbag recall did; JPMorgan’s London Whale trading losses cost shareholders (like myself) reportedly as much as US$7 billion. Their executives badly handled the fallout and were duly mugged by social media or grandstanding politicians. Munoz reacted to the news by calling the passenger “disruptive and belligerent” before even watching the video. He forgot CEO Lesson No 2: “The customer is always right”. He was unprepared, uncertain and out of his depth for his planned mea culpa interview with television network ABC – certain only in the fact that he was not going to resign. Most chief executives hide behind a carapace of staff, but facing their customers is part of the job. Since then, Munoz has grovelled but leaves a feeling that his new-found humility stems from the presence of video evidence and social media. His actions caused more damage than the incident. Johnson & Johnson demonstrated the classic way to handle a corporate crisis after seven people were poisoned in 1982 after an unknown assailant tampered with its Tylenol pain relief drug. It is today a respected brand because J&J immediately pulled the product from the shelves, stopped advertising, called in the police, warned people with loudspeakers, developed tamper-proof packaging and posted a reward. They took immediate action and ate immediate humble pie. CEO Lesson No 3 is to immediately act in favour of the customer. Crawling up the slippery pole to become chief executive often means protecting yourself with layers of staff. High pay is intended to attract the best talent but there are few chief executives so good as to be irreplaceable. You can buy a lot of talent for HK$52 million, including myself. After years of experience of delicate situations, I came to realise that it is almost 100 per cent better to tell the whole truth. It is believable; the story has no holes; and it makes the listener feel trusted and part of the solution. Mistakes happen. CEO Lesson No 4 is to tell the truth. United’s first instinct was to dissemble. Chief executives are paid the big bucks to have wisdom and foresight as well as expect the unexpected. They need to be honest and generous with the people who pay their wages. They have to be special. Social media will find out poor public performers like Munoz. But chief executives will continue to save their skins by sacrificing staff – as the first world war soldier’s ditty puts it: “It’s the same the whole world over. It’s the poor what gets the blame, it’s the rich what gets the pleasure, and it’s all a ***** shame.” Richard Harris is a veteran investment manager, banker, writer, broadcaster and financial expert witness This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: What United boss did wrong in seat overbooking incident business-article-page More articles by Richard Harris We are beginning to get the shape and feel of the Trump era 13 Apr 2017 - 10:36pm 2 It may be time for the US to clip North Korea’s wings 5 Apr 2017 - 10:44pm 9 A competition regulator is the only hope for Hong Kong 30 Mar 2017 - 10:52pm 9   Most Popular Viewed 1 China eases yuan outflow control in sign of boosted confidence 2 Minsheng Bank sees investor trust vanish after 3b yuan ‘disappears’ 3 United Airlines’ CEO should have followed this four-point checklist 4 Hong Kong’s second-hand flat hunters have no time to think 5 Interpol issues red notice for Chinese tycoon after corruption claim Shared 1 China eases yuan outflow control in sign of boosted confidence 2 Minsheng Bank sees investor trust vanish after 3b yuan ‘disappears’ 3 A plea for rules, even if Hong Kong loses to Singapore in fintech 4 Currency wars, the dollar, and Trump’s one-sided extrapolations 5 Interpol issues red notice for Chinese tycoon after corruption claim Commented 1 A plea for rules, even if Hong Kong loses to Singapore in fintech 2 Minsheng Bank sees investor trust vanish after 3b yuan ‘disappears’ 3 United Airlines’ CEO should have followed this four-point checklist 4 China eases yuan outflow control in sign of boosted confidence 5 Xi is picking his battles, and letting old power brokers be, for now Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017 SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like Hong Kong Diamond design for future MTR station falls flat amid delays 18 Apr 2017 - 12:48pm 18 Zero Carbon Building reveals Hong Kong's eco-home potential In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China China launches revamped ‘green cards’ to lure foreign talent 18 Apr 2017 - 10:43pm 14 The Dumont: Refined riverfront living in Prime Central London Brought to you by JLL Hong Kong Hong Kong hikers warned as deaths exceed 2016 total in four months 17 Apr 2017 - 10:53pm 19 Hong Kong Hong Kong pay TV firm i-Cable takes ‘important step’ to stay afloat 18 Apr 2017 - 10:55pm 3 China How students cheated in China’s imperial civil service exams 18 Apr 2017 - 11:35am 4 Hong Kong Yip Kai-foon, Hong Kong's ‘King of Thieves’ dies in hospital Apr 19th 2017, 5:10pm China More Chinese flocking back home after studying abroad 17 Apr 2017 - 8:27am 73 Hong Kong ‘Nano’ flats on the rise amid high property prices 17 Apr 2017 - 10:59pm 9 Insight & Opinion How culture shock means sure turbulence on US-China flights 18 Apr 2017 - 9:07am 26 China ‘Hong Kong separatism’ on Communist Party security agenda 16 Apr 2017 - 8:13am 34 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor A Massive Tsunami is About to Rock the Global Stock Markets Home | Street Talk Tags: 2016 Elections | currency | traders | flaw | republicans | border | tax Currency Traders Spot Fatal Flaw in Republicans' Border Tax Plan (Dreamstime) Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 08:56 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    In Washington D.C., one of the selling points of an ambitious border-tax plan rests on a key economic assumption: The dollar will appreciate enough to offset any increase in the cost of cheap, imported goods that so many Americans have come to rely on. It’s just Econ 101, backed by well-established macroeconomic theory. But on Wall Street, traders and strategists who make a living in the $5.1-trillion-a-day currency market say such notions are preposterous. Even if congressional Republicans can set aside their differences to pass the proposed border-adjusted tax -- a prospect that seems more remote with each passing day -- you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone in the market who believes it will result in the greenback strengthening 25 percent, as the plan suggests. Part of the reason has to do with what they see as a misinterpretation of the underlying theory when applied to the real world. But just as important is the fundamental failure of politicians to appreciate how unpredictable the vast, foreign-exchange market can be, especially when global economic drivers collide and trillions of dollars change hands every day. “The FX market is the most difficult thing to forecast, and to build an inter-generational tax reform based on the assumption of what the FX market will do is a laughable notion,” David Woo, the head of global rates and FX strategy at Bank of America, said in a Bloomberg TV interview. How the dollar responds is certain to have consequences that extend far beyond the currency market. If it fails to appreciate as Republicans expect, consumers and retailers that rely on imported goods (think Wal-Mart and Best Buy) will be hard hit and slow economic growth. Currency appreciation is also a key political defense in arguing the plan -- which taxes imports and exempts exports -- isn’t protectionist and doesn’t violate World Trade Organization rules, as a stronger dollar levels the playing field between foreign and domestic products. In fact, the dollar has given up most of its gains since the November election, which gave Donald Trump and the Republicans control of both the White House and Congress, partly as hopes for a quick passage of a comprehensive tax reform bill waned. For Woo, it all boils down to simple math. Daily trading of goods and services between the U.S. and the rest of the world averages about $14 billion. That amounts to 0.3 percent of the $4.4 trillion in dollars transacted in the global currency market each day. In short, little more than rounding error. Much of the ebb and flow in currencies are dictated by the vagaries of traders as they respond to changes in monetary policy, economic growth and political risk. At times, it can cause the dollar to veer away from levels that economists would consider rational using measures like purchasing power parity. To think that the dollar simply turns on trade policy would be naïve at best, Woo says. Strong Assumptions Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has voiced similar concerns. “There is more than trade that affects a country’s exchange rate,” Yellen said in congressional testimony in February. “A strong set of assumptions is needed to believe that markets would fully offset those changes” caused by the border-adjusted tax. To be fair, it’s not as if House Republican leaders are just making it up. The plan’s assumptions about the dollar -- that it will rise just enough to bring down after-tax import prices relative to locally produced goods -- are rooted in a macroeconomic principle popularized by John Maynard Keynes in the late 1930s known as the “national income identity.” In its simplest form, it describes how a country such as the U.S. that saves less than it invests must automatically run a trade deficit. With a proposed border tax of 20 percent, the U.S. currency would then have to appreciate 25 percent to restore the trade balance by increasing the purchasing power of the dollars used to buy imports, and reducing the competitiveness of American exports. Real World House Speaker Paul Ryan, a key proponent of the Republican border tax proposal, said in February that the dollar’s rise is “obvious and mathematical.” Spokeswoman AshLee Strong pointed to those remarks when asked to comment for this story. It’s all straightforward in theory, but in the real world, it’s anything but. According to JPMorgan Chase, adoption of a border tax could trigger tensions with trading partners or outright retaliation. What’s more, the appreciation that Republicans promise may be delivered in the form of inflation instead of a stronger dollar. That happens when retailers pass on the tax to consumers or when sellers of locally produced goods raise prices to take advantage of increased demand. So it’s really the inflation-adjusted dollar (often known as the real exchange rate) that adjusts rather than the nominal rate, which JPMorgan estimates may rise as little as 6 percent versus major trading partners. “The theory is only sound as it describes the real exchange rate, not the nominal exchange rate,” said Daniel Hui, a global FX strategist at JPMorgan. Known Unknown Of course, there’s no way to know for certain how currencies will respond to a border tax because no system in the world is quite like it. And economists from Alan Auerbach of the University of California at Berkeley, to those at the Peterson Institute for International Economics point to a provision in the tax proposal that allows U.S. manufacturers to deduct the wages they pay from their taxable income, which could lessen consumer-price pressures and instead may lead to a stronger dollar. “A wide range of respected economists believe that the dollar will appreciate substantially and quickly,” said Emily Schillinger, a spokeswoman for Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee. “Additionally, our pro-growth tax reform plan will create jobs, grow our economy and ensure that Americans’ dollars go further.” To UBS Wealth Management’s Thomas Flury, a number of risks could ultimately weaken the dollar. If local manufacturers fail to grab market share from importers, economic output could slow and force the Fed to ease up on the pace of its interest-rate hikes. Americans may just end up spending less. The dollar depends on “how the Fed reacts,” said Flury, the global head of currency strategy at UBS’s Chief Investment Office. “At least in the beginning of the transition, you have to expect slower growth.” © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Core assumption about U.S. dollar appreciation is ‘laughable’; USD trade flow is rounding error in trillion-dollar FX market currency, traders, flaw, republicans, border, tax, plan 1065 Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 08:56 PM 2017-56-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Newsmax.com - Breaking news from around the globe: U.S. news, politics, world, health, finance, video, science, technology, live news stream Sunday, 16 Apr 2017 | 52 comments So you believe that patriotic American citizens who love their country are... Retail Stores Devastated, Suffer Massive Job Losses Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 | 45 comments And the leftist dummies brag about how obama fixed the economy. What a... Newsmax.com - Breaking news from around the globe: U.S. news, politics, world, health, finance, video, science, technology, live news stream Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 16 comments More comedic rhetoric from the left...... Kudlow: Trump Inherited Problems 'Gone Unfixed in Last 20 Years' Friday, 14 Apr 2017 | 15 comments The democrats are never going to give him a chance. Their core tenets... Currency Traders Spot Fatal Flaw in Republicans' Border Tax Plan Wednesday, 19 Apr 2017 | 8 comments I don't know if you are directing that at me but I'm a conservative. I... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Diana Shipping Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diana Shipping Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Amdocs Limited (DOX) Will Announce Earnings of $0.87 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Will Post Earnings of $0.73 Per Share $27.29 Million in Sales Expected for Diana Shipping Inc. (DSX) This Quarter TransDigm Group’s (TDG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Pluristem Therapeutics (PSTI) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Ocean Rig UDW (ORIG) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Peregrine Pharmaceuticals (PPHM) Share Price Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.92 Per Share Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates K12 (LRN) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect MidWestOne Financial Group (MOFG) Stock Price ORBCOMM (ORBC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Ormat Technologies (ORA) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds The Valspar Corp (VAL) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Genesee & Wyoming Inc (GWR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $521.47 Million Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Boyd Gaming Co. (BYD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Canon Inc (CAJ) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Share Price $27.29 Million in Sales Expected for Diana Shipping Inc. (DSX) This Quarter April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect that Diana Shipping Inc. (NYSE:DSX) will announce sales of $27.29 million for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Four analysts have issued estimates for Diana Shipping’s earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $28.4 million and the lowest estimate coming in at $24.89 million. Diana Shipping reported sales of $30.79 million during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 11.4%. The business is expected to announce its next quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 17th. On average, analysts expect that Diana Shipping will report full year sales of $27.29 million for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $114.31 million to $156.65 million. For the next financial year, analysts expect that the company will post sales of $188.7 million per share, with estimates ranging from $141.42 million to $267.58 million. Zacks Investment Research’s sales averages are an average based on a survey of research analysts that that provide coverage for Diana Shipping. Diana Shipping (NYSE:DSX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The shipping company reported ($0.38) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.39) by $0.01. Diana Shipping had a negative net margin of 131.28% and a negative return on equity of 14.09%. The company had revenue of $28 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $28.28 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.30) earnings per share. Diana Shipping’s quarterly revenue was down 26.8% on a year-over-year basis. A number of equities analysts have commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Diana Shipping from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.25 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on shares of Diana Shipping from $3.00 to $3.50 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Nordea Equity Research upgraded shares of Diana Shipping from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Diana Shipping from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $8.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday, April 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Diana Shipping has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $4.65. Shares of Diana Shipping (NYSE:DSX) traded down 8.59% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $5.11. 849,628 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s market cap is $412.65 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $4.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.63. Diana Shipping has a 12-month low of $2.11 and a 12-month high of $6.20. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “$27.29 Million in Sales Expected for Diana Shipping Inc. (DSX) This Quarter” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/27-29-million-in-sales-expected-for-diana-shipping-inc-dsx-this-quarter.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in DSX. UBS Oconnor LLC bought a new stake in shares of Diana Shipping during the third quarter worth $2,148,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Diana Shipping during the fourth quarter worth $4,491,000. Royce & Associates LP raised its stake in shares of Diana Shipping by 14.0% in the fourth quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 876,933 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $2,648,000 after buying an additional 107,500 shares during the last quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC raised its stake in shares of Diana Shipping by 1.4% in the third quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC now owns 4,319,723 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $11,318,000 after buying an additional 58,183 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Phoenix Investment Adviser LLC bought a new stake in shares of Diana Shipping during the third quarter worth $376,000. Institutional investors own 42.91% of the company’s stock. About Diana Shipping Diana Shipping Inc is a holding company. The Company is a provider of shipping transportation services. The Company specializes in the ownership of dry bulk vessels. As of February 16, 2017, the Company’s operating fleet consisted of 48 dry bulk carriers, of which 23 were Panamax, four were Kamsarmax, three were Post-Panamax, 14 were Capesize and four were Newcastlemax vessels, having a combined carrying capacity of approximately 5.7 million deadweight tonnage (dwt). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Diana Shipping (DSX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Diana Shipping Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diana Shipping Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exxon Mobil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.92 Per Share Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates K12 (LRN) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect MidWestOne Financial Group (MOFG) Stock Price ORBCOMM (ORBC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Ormat Technologies (ORA) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds The Valspar Corp (VAL) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Genesee & Wyoming Inc (GWR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $521.47 Million Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Boyd Gaming Co. (BYD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Canon Inc (CAJ) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Share Price Insider Buying: Fastenal Company (FAST) Director Purchases 350 Shares of Stock Dell Inc. (DELL) Bonds Trading 1.3% Higher BlueSky Wealth Advisors LLC Holds Stake in 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Stein Mart (SMRT) Share Price Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Likely to Affect Silicom (SILC) Share Price Sientra (SIEN) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.10 Power Solutions International (PSIX) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.09 Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.92 Per Share April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) to announce $0.92 earnings per share (EPS) for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have made estimates for Exxon Mobil’s earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $0.75 and the highest is $1.10. Exxon Mobil posted earnings of $0.43 per share during the same quarter last year, which indicates a positive year over year growth rate of 114%. The business is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results before the market opens on Friday, April 28th. On average, analysts expect that Exxon Mobil will report full-year earnings of $4.08 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.28 to $5.69. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the firm will post earnings of $4.72 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.41 to $5.81. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are an average based on a survey of research firms that follow Exxon Mobil. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The oil and gas company reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.29. The company earned $61.02 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $62.28 billion. Exxon Mobil had a return on equity of 5.56% and a net margin of 3.47%. Exxon Mobil’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.67 EPS. A number of analysts have weighed in on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $96.00 target price on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, December 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $94.00 target price on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Vetr upgraded Exxon Mobil from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $92.00 target price on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co lowered Exxon Mobil from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $89.96. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at $3,306,084,000. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 200,026,488 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $18,054,385,000 after buying an additional 8,303,490 shares in the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil by 824.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 7,221,961 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $651,912,000 after buying an additional 6,440,709 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at $380,254,000. Finally, Fayez Sarofim & Co. increased its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil by 35.3% in the third quarter. Fayez Sarofim & Co. now owns 12,318,584 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $1,075,029,000 after buying an additional 3,211,005 shares in the last quarter. 51.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.92 Per Share” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/exxon-mobil-co-xom-expected-to-post-earnings-of-0-92-per-share.html. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) traded down 0.65% during trading on Thursday, hitting $81.05. The stock had a trading volume of 8,821,414 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $82.11 and its 200-day moving average is $85.23. The stock has a market capitalization of $336.07 billion, a PE ratio of 43.18 and a beta of 0.91. Exxon Mobil has a 52-week low of $80.31 and a 52-week high of $95.55. About Exxon Mobil Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Exxon Mobil (XOM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 19 April 2017 | MYT 8:34 AM Breakfast briefing: Wednesday, April 19 (Update) MarketWrap: The S&P 500 fell for the fourth time in five sessions on Tuesday, weighed down by a drop in Goldman Sachs and Johnson & Johnson following their quarterly results, while geopolitical tensions added to investor caution. The DJIA fell 113.64 points, or 0.55%, to 20,523.28, the S&P 500 lost 6.83 points, or 0.29%, to 2,342.18 and the Nasdaq dropped 7.32 points, or 0.12%, to 5,849.47.. - Reuters Energy Oil prices fell on Tuesday, then slid more in post-settlement trade after an industry group reported that US crude stockpiles fell less than expected in the latest week while gasoline stockpiles grew unseasonably. Brent crude futures swooned as low as US$54.61, the lowest since April 7, then settled down 47 cents at US$54.89 a barrel. - Reuters Forex summary *The ringgit gained 0.07% to 4.4078 per US$ *It lost 0.60% to 4.7264 versus euro *Down 1.82% to 5.6534 per pound sterling *Down 0.11% to 3.1565 per Singapore dollar *0.22% higher to 3.3200 per Aussie *0.17% higher to 4.0615 per 100 yen Top foreign stories Goldman Sachs licks wounds in equities trading as peers grab share: Goldman Sachs Group Inc on Tuesday became the first Wall Street bank this earnings season to report lower equities trading revenue, signalling it was unlikely to reclaim the top market share ranking from Morgan Stanley any time soon. Goldman said its first-quarter equities trading revenue fell 6%, compared to gains of 2% to 10% at Citigroup, Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co. Morgan Stanley will report results on Wednesday. - Reuters Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22%: Yahoo Inc reported a 22.1% increase in first-quarter revenue to US$1.33 billion, ahead of the sale of its core internet business to Verizon Communications Inc. Net income attributable to Yahoo was US$99.4 million, or 10 cents per share in the quarter, compared with a net loss of US$99.2 million, or 10 cents per share, a year earlier. - Reuters KKR-backed consortium makes US$4.7b cash offer for Australia's Tatts: A consortium backed by US private equity giant KKR & Co offered A$6.15 billion (US$4.65 billion) cash for Australian lottery operator Tatts Group Ltd, threatening an agreed merger with Tabcorp Holdings Ltd, sources said on Wednesday. - Reuters IBM posts first revenue miss in five quarters: International Business Machines Corp reported a bigger-than-expected decline in revenue for the first time in five quarters due to weak demand in its IT services business, a sign that the company's turnaround could take longer than expected. IBM's overall revenue decline increased to 2.8% in the first quarter from 1.3% in the fourth quarter, and widely missed analysts' expectation of a 1.6% drop. - Reuters Japan government fund, bank mull bid with Broadcom for Toshiba chip unit: A Japanese government-backed fund, Network Corp of Japan, and Development Bank of Japan are considering a joint bid with Broadcom Ltd for Toshiba Corp's semiconductor business, a move that would vault the US chipmaker into the lead to buy the prized unit, the Asahi newspaper said on Wednesday. - Reuters FGL terminates takeover deal by Chinese insurer Anbang: US annuities and life insurer Fidelity & Guaranty Life said on Tuesday it has terminated its agreement to be acquired by Anbang Insurance Group Co Ltd, becoming the latest deal involving the Chinese insurer to have fallen through in recent years. - Reuters Top local stories SP Setia buys prime land in Singapore: SP Setia Bhd, which is turning into Permodalan Nasional Bhd’s (PNB) regional property powerhouse, has won a highly-competitive bid to develop a piece of prime land in Singapore. The property developer was awarded the tender by Singapore’s Urban Redevelopment Authority for the 1.87ha on Toh Tuck Road at a winning bid of S$265mil (RM847.6mil). - StarBiz KWAP buys 5.4% stake in edotco for US$100m: Retirement Fund Inc (KWAP) has bought a 5.4% stake in edotco Group Sdn Bhd, which owns telecommunications towers in Asia, for US$100mil. The private placement of shares to the pension fund followed the year-end share placement to Khazanah Nasional Bhd and Innovation Network Corp of Japan which raised US$600mil for edotco. Khazanah and INCJ hold a 10.7% and 21.5% stake respectively in edotco, while Axiata Group Bhd holds the balance 62.4%. - StarBiz Bankers: Lotte unit likely to get cornerstone investor: The Lotte Group’s plan to float its Malaysian petrochemical arm would likely include a cornerstone investor in the form of a large local institution, say bankers. The Lotte Group, South Korea’s fifth-largest conglomerate, is planning an initial public offering (IPO) Lotte Chemical Titan Holding Sdn Bhd, on Bursa Malaysia, eyeing to raise between US$1bil and US$1.5bil. - StarBiz Property prices remain steady: House prices have remained steady despite a slowdown in property sales and a huge overhang of unsold units. According to the Valuation & Property Services Department’s Property Market Report 2016, prices of residential property continued to grow, albeit moderately despite the current market glut.On quarterly movements, the report showed a contraction of 0.7% in the fourth quarter of 2016. - StarBiz Sime Darby offers to buy 2018 and 2023 sukuks: Sime Darby Bhd has launched a tender offer to buy for cash any and all of its US$400mil sukuk due in 2018 and another US$400mil sukuk due in 2023. - StarBiz BAT has no plan to increase cigarette prices for now: British American Tobacco (M) Bhd (BAT) has stressed that it has no plan to increase its cigarette prices for now. Managing director Eric Stoel said the Government’s move to freeze further excise duty hikes this year was pertinent to assist in stabilising the tobacco industry and reducing contraband cigarettes in the market. - StarBiz i-City boosts I-Bhd earnings: I-Bhd’s net profit rose 21% to RM18.59mil for the first quarter, underpinned by the property development segment as demand for properties in i-City, Shah Alam remains strong. Revenue came in 27.8% higher at RM102.84mil from RM80.45mil a year ago. - StarBiz Mier: Ringgit’s fair value is 4.20 against US dollar: The ringgit’s fair value is at about 4.20 against the US dollar, but there are no indications the currency will improve in the near future, says Malaysian Institute of Economic Research (Mier) executive director Prof Zakariah Abdul Rashid. He said  the estimation of the ringgit’s fair value was based solely on the country’s economic fundamentals. - StarBiz Global passenger traffic increased 3.5% in February, says ACI: Global passenger traffic increased 3.5% in February which was below the past 12-month growth trend of 5.3%, according to the Airports Council International. It said the world’s airports reported a rise of 5.7% in international passenger traffic and 1.9% in domestic traffic. - theedgemarkets ML Global eyes more JVs, land buys to undertake property projects: ML Global Bhd, which is planning to diversify into property development and investment, says it is in the midst of exploratory talks to buy more lands and to undertake more joint ventures to develop small to medium scale projects. - theedgemarkets March car sales up 10%, production rises 3%: Malaysia's total vehicle sales in March grew 10.1% to 53,717 units compared with 48,788 units a year earleir, said the Malaysian Automotive Association (MAA). Total production rose 3.2% to 49,356 units from 47,810. MAA attributed the sales rise to the longer working month of March as well as the rush to deliver new vehicles to customers on time by companies with financial year end of March 31, 2017. - theedgemarkets PetChem approves US$442m investment for new plant in Pengerang: Petronas Chemicals Group Bhd (PetChem) has approved a final investment decision for an Isononanol plant within the Pengerang Integrated Complex in Pengerang, Johor, for a total investment cost of US$442 million. It said the project is expected to come on-stream by the second half of 2019 and will be undertaken by a wholly-owned subsidiary. - theedgemarkets Related Stories You May Be Interested Stock on the Move : Seacera, warrants continue to see trading interest Breakfast briefing: Thursday, April 20 (Update) Good time to invest in small caps stocks China capital outflows stabilised in Q1 as capital controls bite How to own your first home with zero down payment Pedalling to save the planet Others Also Read Tencent’s WeChat abolishes tipping feature on Apple iPhones Court dismisses bid to transfer Sri Lankan envoy's assault case A place with personality Property Related advertisement Latest News Hong Kong to tighten cyber security rules after broker hacks Australia, NZ reach agreement on Pacific trade pact MISC aims to sustain financial performance Maybank launches payment gateway, Maybank2u Pay, targets SMEs CIMB Thai posts Q1 net profit of RM15.5mil Most Viewed in Business Good time to invest in small caps stocks Petronas stations free to set lower petrol prices Public Bank Q1FY17 earnings at RM1.25b World’s top small-cap stock seeks US$1.1bil to develop land OPEC faces surprise outcome after oil cuts: higher stockpiles AirAsia adds the missing piece in its travel proposition CIMB, Maybank lift KLCI at midday CIMB Bank proposes RM20b debt notes, RAM assigns AAA/Stable Stock on the Move : Seacera, warrants continue to see trading interest Eco World signs MoU with Brainy Bunch advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Boyd Gaming Co. (BYD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Canon Inc (CAJ) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Share Price Insider Buying: Fastenal Company (FAST) Director Purchases 350 Shares of Stock Dell Inc. (DELL) Bonds Trading 1.3% Higher BlueSky Wealth Advisors LLC Holds Stake in 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Stein Mart (SMRT) Share Price Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Likely to Affect Silicom (SILC) Share Price Sientra (SIEN) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.10 Power Solutions International (PSIX) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.09 Brokerages Expect Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Will Post Earnings of -$1.31 Per Share Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Insider Sells $962,550.00 in Stock Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Insider Sells $321,200.00 in Stock Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Director Acquires $249,939.80 in Stock Universal Logistics Holdings Inc (ULH) Short Interest Up 22.5% in March Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Short Interest Update MutualFirst Financial (MFSF) Given Media Impact Score of 0.20 Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows $1.78 Billion in Sales Expected for Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) This Quarter Canon Inc (CAJ) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Canon Inc (NYSE:CAJ) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a $36.00 target price on the technology company’s stock. Zacks Investment Research’s price target indicates a potential upside of 15.94% from the stock’s previous close. According to Zacks, “Canon, Inc. is an industry leader in professional and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Canon’s extensive product line enables businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store and distribute visual information. Canon products include full-color as well as black and white copiers; color laser printers; facsimile machines; micrographics and optical disk filing systems; word processors, typewriters and calculators; camcorders, and lenses; semiconductor, broadcast and optical equipment; and other specialized industrial products. “ Several other brokerages have also recently commented on CAJ. TheStreet upgraded shares of Canon from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Canon from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Canon presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $36.00. Canon (NYSE:CAJ) traded down 0.19% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $31.05. 239,026 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $30.71 and a 200-day moving average price of $29.36. The firm has a market cap of $33.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.98 and a beta of 0.60. Canon has a 1-year low of $27.18 and a 1-year high of $31.68. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/canon-inc-caj-rating-increased-to-strong-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. OLD Mission Capital LLC purchased a new position in shares of Canon during the third quarter valued at approximately $620,000. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC boosted its position in shares of Canon by 14.6% in the third quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 11,530 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $335,000 after buying an additional 1,472 shares during the last quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Canon by 903.3% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 18,100 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $525,000 after buying an additional 16,296 shares during the last quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP boosted its position in shares of Canon by 9.0% in the third quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP now owns 8,196 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $238,000 after buying an additional 676 shares during the last quarter. Finally, New York State Common Retirement Fund boosted its position in shares of Canon by 23.9% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 97,209 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $2,822,000 after buying an additional 18,770 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 1.49% of the company’s stock. Canon Company Profile Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Canon (CAJ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
rediff.com Rediff Sports News Business Movies Cricket Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Sports » Serena Williams pregnancy likely to boost sponsorship Serena Williams pregnancy likely to boost sponsorship April 20, 2017 10:39 IST 'You take an iconic name who's now a brand and you add pregnancy to it, you get a happy story.' IMAGE: Serena Williams attends the Premiere Of EPIX Original Documentary 'Serena' at SVA Theatre on June 13, 2016 in New York. Photograph: Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images A pregnant Serena Williams makes the tennis superstar even more attractive to corporate sponsors, allowing her to extend her reach into maternity wear and motherhood products, sponsorship industry executives said. Williams on Wednesday confirmed her pregnancy through spokeswoman Kelly Bush Novak after the tennis player posted a picture of herself in a yellow bathing suit on Snapchat social media with the caption "20 weeks." Williams, 35, is already known around the world for her dominance of women's tennis, but pregnancy would make her even more likeable in the eyes of the wider public, experts in the sponsorship industry said. "You take an iconic name who's now a brand and you add pregnancy to it, you get a happy story," said Gary Fechter, an attorney at McCarter & English who has represented companies in sponsorship deals. "This just makes her even more valuable." With almost $29 million in salary and sponsorship earnings, including from Nike Inc and PepsiCo Inc, Williams ranked as the top paid female athlete in the world last year on a list compiled by Forbes magazine. But lower prize money in tennis left her 40th in the overall standings. However, her earnings from sponsorship deals alone, at $20 million, would rank her far higher on the Forbes list - tied at 20th with fellow tennis player Maria Sharapova. Williams could add to her earnings by appealing to new audiences, the experts said. Existing sponsors could tell new stories with an expecting superstar athlete, and new corporate sponsors might sign up with the mom-to-be as well. "This just adds another dimension to Serena the person," said Jim Andrews, senior vice president with IEG, a WPP Plc unit that tracks sponsorship spending. Lawyer Fechter said there has not been an athlete of Williams' prominence who stepped away while still dominant, but he pointed out that pregnancy only made non-sports celebrity Kim Kardashian more popular. "This will enhance her likeability and certainly her marketability," Fechter said of Williams. Industry officials agreed no existing sponsor would ever drop Williams as a spokeswoman because she remains at the top of her sport and any move by a company to distance itself from a pregnant woman would likely be heavily panned by the public. In addition to Nike and Pepsi, Williams' roster of sponsors includes Wilson Sporting Goods Co, JP Morgan Chase & Co, Apple Inc's headphone company Beats Electronics, International Business Machines Corp and German automaker BMW's Mini brand, according to IEG. Officials at Nike, JP Morgan, Pepsi and BMW could not be reached to comment. Existing clients could tap into new markets with a pregnant superstar athlete, industry experts said. Williams could even expand her clothing line marketed on HSN Inc into maternity wear. "There are a lot of different products and a lot of different brands that will feature families, motherhood, young kids and here's somebody who would be potentially a great working mom if she continues her career," said Doug Shabelman, president of Burns Entertainment, which matches celebrities with corporate sponsors. Source: © Copyright 2017 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT     Serena dominated Australian Open while pregnant Serena Williams '20 weeks' pregnant? Steely Juventus shut down Barcelona to enter semis Mbappe, Falcao send Monaco into semi-finals India throws open its ports to cruise tourism Question mark looms over India's aircraft carrier Should India stop growing sugarcane? New digital era: Will you be a winner or an also-ran? Dhaka, Delhi bonded under Beijing's shadow Australia's tour of India English Premier League Cricket Calendar IPL spot-fixing More  Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Cricket Score  |  Indian Cricket News  |  Indian News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  India Business News © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Given New $61.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Price Target Raised to $87.00 Tegna Inc (TGNA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Now Covered by Gabelli Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Tenneco Inc (TEN) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Uni-Pixel Inc (UNXL) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades TESARO Inc (TSRO) to Sell Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Guggenheim Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co Insider Buying: Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Insider Buys 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kelly Services, Inc. (KELYA) Insider Sells 3,000 Shares of Stock Amarc Resources Ltd. (AHR) Director Sells C$64,781.78 in Stock Uranium Resources, Inc. (URRE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Tiger Global Management Llc Acquires 376,225 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock Clay Thorp Sells 44,455 Shares of Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Stock Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Unilever plc (UL) Stock Rating Lowered by ABN Amro JPMorgan Chase & Co. Trims Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Target Price to $46.00 Clay Thorp Sells 44,455 Shares of Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Stock April 20th, 2017 - By Teresa Graham - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) Director Clay Thorp sold 44,455 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.48, for a total transaction of $332,523.40. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Clay Thorp also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, April 17th, Clay Thorp sold 22,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.43, for a total transaction of $163,460.00. On Wednesday, April 19th, Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.46, for a total transaction of $510,898.10. On Thursday, March 16th, Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.56, for a total transaction of $449,261.60. On Wednesday, February 22nd, Clay Thorp sold 27,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total transaction of $203,850.00. On Friday, February 17th, Clay Thorp sold 41,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.60, for a total transaction of $315,286.00. On Friday, January 20th, Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.53, for a total transaction of $584,177.05. Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) traded down 0.13% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $7.43. 290,702 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s market capitalization is $187.87 million. Clearside Biomedical Inc has a 52 week low of $5.44 and a 52 week high of $25.08. The company has a 50-day moving average of $7.48 and a 200 day moving average of $11.93. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, March 14th. The company reported ($0.45) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.33) by $0.12. The firm had revenue of $0.01 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $0.01 million. Equities analysts predict that Clearside Biomedical Inc will post ($2.03) earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally published by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/20/clay-thorp-sells-44455-shares-of-clearside-biomedical-inc-clsd-stock.html. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on CLSD. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Clearside Biomedical from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Wedbush reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Needham & Company LLC cut their price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $21.80. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of CLSD. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al bought a new stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $1,184,000. Perceptive Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $6,365,000. Marshall Wace LLP raised its stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 181.1% in the fourth quarter. Marshall Wace LLP now owns 449,820 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,021,000 after buying an additional 289,820 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 377.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,029,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,205,000 after buying an additional 813,889 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Orbimed Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $2,682,000. 33.52% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Clearside Biomedical Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #ProsperityHub #EarningsSpecial News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks business Apr 20, 2017 08:52 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Buy, Sell, Hold: Here are 3 stocks that analysts are tracking today Two private banks and a media stock are on the radar of analysts today Yes Bank Macquarie has maintained an outperform rating on the stock with an unchanged target of Rs 1,800. It believes that the asset quality slippage in the bank’s Q4 is disappointing, while the net profit was in line with its estimates. The negative surprise in the results could have a bearing on the stock performance. The research firm has made minor changes to its earnings estimates. Meanwhile, it also expects the bank to revert its trend trajectory of credit costs of 50-70 basis points (bps). Nomura has maintained its buy rating on the scrip with a target price of Rs 1,800. The brokerage house observed that the asset quality was weaker than expected, but the operating performance for the quarter was 14 percent above estimates. The slippages and large ARC sales of standard assets were a negative surprise. Meanwhile, it highlighted that the loan growth continued to be strong at 35 percent YoY and 6 percent QoQ. There was a positive surprise by retail loans, fees and liability momentum. Morgan Stanley is overweight on the stock with a cut in target price to Rs 1,680 from Rs 1,750. It expects the stock performance to be weak due to the uncertainty around asset quality. The material increase in impaired loans and high pace of capital consumption is a negative for the bank. Its preferred stock in the pack was IndusInd Bank. Citi has a buy call on the stock with a target of Rs 1,800. It sees the growth momentum to be robust with retail assets and liabilities showing traction. It pointed that the management believes one-off provision is likely to be reversed soon and that it may see some increased asset quality scrutiny in the near term. Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofAML) has reiterated a buy call on the stock with a target at Rs 2,100. The research firm saw Q4 earnings beating estimates and that the asset quality was a short term concern. Apart from the one-off NPA, new NPL formations are largely in line with the previous few quarters, it said, adding that the provisioning coverage stood at 46.9 percent. Retail banking will drive loan growth and operating metric, it added. JPMorgan has an overweight call on the stock with an increased target to Rs 1,875 from Rs 1,500. The stock was one of its top picks in the banking space and the loan growth spiked to 35 percent YoY with strong growth across all segments. Deutsche Bank has a buy call on the stock with a target of Rs 1,700. Adjusting for the one-off provision, asset quality would have been stable, it said. It saw the stock reacting negatively in the near term, but sees that as a good buying opportunity. IndusInd Bank Citi has maintained its buy call on the stock with an increased target price of Rs 1,640 from Rs 1,380. It foresaw another three years of strong growth and observed that the operational momentum and mix improvement continued. Goldman Sachs has a neutral call on the stock with a target of Rs 1,384. It raised FY18-19 EPS by 2.3-2.6 percent on Q4 numbers. Nomura maintained its buy call with an increased target to Rs 1,640 from Rs 1,400. The one-off Provisioning as well as ARC Sales led to higher provisioning and this should normalize in the first half of this fiscal. The brokerage house expected 25 percent EPS growth over FY17-20. Morgan Stanley is overweight on the stock with a target of Rs 1,600. Pre-Provision Operating Profit growth stayed strong with accelerating loan growth. Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofAML) has reiterated a buy call with an increased target of Rs 1,600 from Rs 1,530. It said that the Q4 missed its estimates due to provision, but the asset quality was manageable. There is scope for a raise in EPS in falling rate environment. Moreover, it considered a spike in credit costs as one-of phenomenon. JPMorgan is overweight on the stock with an increased target of Rs 1,675. Excluding one-time provision, earnings would have been a 3 percent beat, the research firm stated. Sun TVCLSA has upgraded the stock from sell to buy an increased target price to Rs 1,015 from Rs 661. It believes theat the digitization roll out in Tamil Nadu is a significant positive for the firm. It also raised the firm’s TV subscription revenues by 5-18 percent. Moreover, Arasu Cable’s provisioning licence on condition that it switches of analogue TV signals. tags #IndusInd Bank #Stocks Views #Yes Bank Related news Business Buy Capital First, Century Textiles, HDFC, YES Bank: Ashwani Gujral Apr 20, 2017 12:01 PM Business Buy Capital First, India Cements, Engineers India: Rajat Bose Apr 20, 2017 11:40 AM Business Buy Jet Airways, Dewan Housing Finance, GAIL India: Ashwani Gujral Apr 20, 2017 11:15 AM Business Buy Indian Oil Corporation 440 Call, sell 450 Call: VK Sharma Apr 20, 2017 11:11 AM Business Buy HDFC Bank, target Rs 1500; like HCC: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 20, 2017 10:59 AM Business Add Jay Bharat to portfolio, India Cements may test Rs 215: Ashwani Gujral Apr 20, 2017 10:54 AM Business Buy ICICI Bank on strength; Hindalco, Tata Steel, Vedanta to head lower: Sukhani Apr 20, 2017 10:29 AM Business Buy HCC, Granules India, Power Grid; sell Oracle Financial Services: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 20, 2017 10:13 AM Business Buy Aditya Birla Nuvo, Adani Ports, Rural Electrification Corporation; sell Mahindra and Mahindra, Apollo Hospitals: Sudarshan Sukhani Apr 20, 2017 09:55 AM News Most Popular Top News A 3-step guide to linking your Aadhaar and PAN card If you have Rs 1 million to spare, here are 5 portfolio options to generate wealth Liquor baron Vijay Mallya granted bail after brief arrest in London Babri Masjid demolition case: SC rules LK Advani, MM Joshi, Uma Bharti will stand trial Do not hesitate to buy on dips; 5 stocks which can give up to 20% return Market Live: Sensex extends gains; Bank Nifty under strain IndusInd and Yes: Where should investors put their money after the disappointment? Wondering where to invest? These five sectors are likely to make money in 2017 see more Video of the day Fireworks unlikely on earnings front; like private retail financials: Kotak Mutual Fund Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks Democrat nearly wins Republican House seat in Georgia Fifa struggles to win backers for Russia World Cup China struggles to deal with ‘hopeless’ North Korea US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Democrat nearly wins Republican House seat in Georgia Interview with Steven Mnuchin: Transcript IMF says debt binge leaves US corporate assets exposed Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read JPMorgan accused of fraud over tech company sale Hard Rock gambles $375m on Trump Taj Mahal casino Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Wang Jianlin confirms China blocked Wanda’s US TV deal Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election Interview with Steven Mnuchin: Transcript FTSE 100 turns negative for 2017 on hit from stronger pound French election: divided markets open door to big reaction Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain The fearless market ignores perils ahead Dealing with America’s trade follies An enfeebled Labour leaves the centre ground up for grabs Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no Pocket computers are poised for a comeback The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub Business school students find voices in an age of protest Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump The cap may fit — but don’t wear it When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not How the Osage murders in Oklahoma led to the making of the modern FBI Late flowering: why the older years are the golden age for gardeners Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Goldman Sachs crashes to bottom of the class as bets turn sour Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 20, 2017 3:06 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement 2 killed amid massive anti-government marches in Venezuela Two people were shot dead as opponents of President Nicolas Maduro flooded the streets of Caracas and other Venezuelan cities, battling security forces in what's been dubbed the "mother of all marches" against the embattled socialist leader April 19, 2017 11:29 PM (AP Photo/Fernando Llano A demonstrator throws stones during anti-government protests in Caracas, Venezuela, Wednesday, April 19, 2017. Tens of thousands of opponents of President Nicolas Maduro flooded the streets of Caracas in what's been dubbed the "mother of all marches" against the embattled president. By Joshua Goodman and Fabiola Sanchez / Associated Press CARACAS, Venezuela — Two people were shot dead as opponents of President Nicolas Maduro flooded the streets of Caracas and other Venezuelan cities Wednesday, battling security forces in what’s been dubbed the “mother of all marches” against the embattled socialist leader. Carlos Romero, just three days away from his 18th birthday, was walking to play soccer with friends when he bumped into pro-government militias stalking a pocket of protesters, family spokesman Melvin Sojo told The Associated Press, based on the accounts of two people who rushed Carlos to a hospital after he was hit by gunfire. “This was supposed to be a happy moment but instead I came home to see my brother die,” said Sojo, who grew up in the Romero home and returned Tuesday from Ecuador, where he had been living the past year. There was no immediate confirmation that the militias shot the boy, and some government officials cast doubt on the account, saying Carlos was killed during an attempted assault. In the western city of San Cristobal, a 23-year-old woman identified as Paola Ramirez was shot dead by similar groups, according to Mayor Patricia Gutierrez, who said the groups circled demonstrators on motorcycles as they were heading home from the demonstration. The two killings bring to seven the death toll since protests began three weeks ago over the Supreme Court’s decision to strip the opposition-controlled congress of its last remaining powers, a move that was later reversed but not before enraging the opposition and causing a storm of international criticism. The charges of increasing government authoritarianism come against the backdrop of an ever-deepening economic crisis. Despite Venezuela’s economic woes, it was revealed Wednesday that Mr. Maduro’s socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to U.S. President Donald Trump’s inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the U.S. Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Mr. Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Mr. Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. In Caracas on Wednesday, tens of thousands of angry protesters converged from 26 different points round the capital to attempt to march downtown to the Ombudsman’s office. Like a half-dozen times previously, their progress was blocked by a curtain of tear gas and rubber bullets fired by riot police officers. As night fell, a few thousand people were still gathered in a plaza in wealthy eastern Caracas as residents in nearby buildings banged pots and pans in a show of support. A group of youths with their faces covered tore down street signs and billboards for makeshift barricades. They then launched rocks and Molotov cocktails against lines of police and national guardsmen who responded with tear gas in cat-and-mouse skirmishes likely to last deep into the night. At one point, dozens of protesters amassed on a highway fled a cloud of eye-searing tear gas by sliding down a long concrete causeway and into the Guaire River that traverses Caracas. The Supreme Court’s decision energized Venezuela’s fractious opposition, which had been struggling to channel growing disgust with Mr. Maduro over widespread food shortages, triple-digit inflation and rampant crime. With its momentum renewed, the opposition is now pushing for Mr. Maduro’s removal and the release of scores of political prisoners. The government last year abruptly postponed regional elections the opposition was heavily favored to win and cut off a petition drive to force a referendum seeking Mr. Maduro’s removal before elections late next year. Mr. Maduro, addressing supporters at a larger countermarch, seemed open to some sort of electoral showdown. He said he was “anxious” to see elections take place sometime “soon” and repeated his call for dialogue, saying he had a proposal he wanted to make the opposition. “Today they attempted to take power by force and we defeated them again,” said Mr. Maduro. Opposition marchers included Liliana Machuca, who earns about $20 a month holding two jobs teaching literature. Although she doesn’t expect change overnight, she said protesting is the only option the opposition has after what she says are scores of abuses committed by the government. “This is like a chess game and each side is moving whatever pieces they can,” said Ms. Machuca, her face covered in a white, sticky substance to protect herself from the noxious effects of tear gas. “We’ll see who tires out first.” Venezuela - South America - Latin America and Caribbean - Caracas - Hugo Chavez - Henrique Capriles Radonski - Nicolas Maduro - Rex Tillerson Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Novocure Ltd (NVCR) CTO Sells $41,720.00 in Stock Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Director Sells $93,600.00 in Stock Yoram Palti Sells 4,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock James Frodsham Sells 2,000 Shares of Ciena Co. (CIEN) Stock Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) SVP Sells $65,777.14 in Stock DISH Network Corp (DISH) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $95.85 Million $7.01 Billion in Sales Expected for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) This Quarter Gartner Inc (IT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.61 Per Share Brokerages Expect TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.65 Per Share Robert W. Duggan Purchases 61,819 Shares of Pulse Biosciences Inc (PLSE) Stock Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Sells $3,366,000.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Axovant Sciences Ltd (AXON) Director Acquires 53,937 Shares of Stock Greg Pavlik Sells 18,663 Shares of Hortonworks Inc (HDP) Stock Insider Selling: Inogen Inc (INGN) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Todd Swanson Sells 6,183 Shares of Finisar Co. (FNSR) Stock -$0.24 EPS Expected for Star Bulk Carriers Corp. (SBLK) This Quarter Athene Holding’s (ATH) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG Novocure Ltd (NVCR) CTO Sells $41,720.00 in Stock April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) CTO Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.43, for a total transaction of $41,720.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief technology officer now directly owns 143,825 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,500,094.75. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Yoram Palti also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, April 17th, Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.77, for a total transaction of $43,080.00. On Wednesday, April 12th, Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.72, for a total transaction of $42,880.00. On Tuesday, April 18th, Yoram Palti sold 16,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.64, for a total transaction of $170,240.00. Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) traded up 2.78% on Wednesday, hitting $11.10. 385,044 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s market cap is $966.50 million. Novocure Ltd has a 12-month low of $5.95 and a 12-month high of $14.42. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $8.58 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.91. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.26) EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.39) by $0.13. The company earned $30.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $26.95 million. Novocure had a negative net margin of 219.29% and a negative return on equity of 69.89%. Analysts forecast that Novocure Ltd will post ($0.91) earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/novocure-ltd-nvcr-cto-sells-41720-00-in-stock.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on NVCR. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Novocure from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $12.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday. Aegis reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a report on Tuesday. Wedbush reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $20.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a report on Friday, April 7th. JMP Securities reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a report on Sunday, February 26th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $17.00. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in NVCR. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Novocure during the third quarter worth approximately $7,988,000. Tamarack Advisers LP purchased a new position in shares of Novocure during the third quarter worth approximately $6,557,000. Highline Capital Management L.P. increased its position in shares of Novocure by 3.5% in the third quarter. Highline Capital Management L.P. now owns 1,818,079 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $15,526,000 after buying an additional 62,200 shares during the last quarter. Courage Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Novocure during the third quarter worth approximately $4,270,000. Finally, Flinton Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Novocure during the fourth quarter worth approximately $111,000. Institutional investors own 21.98% of the company’s stock. Novocure Company Profile NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States IBM, Chevron Sink DJIA Wednesday By Paul Ausick April 19, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet April 19, 2017: Markets opened higher Wednesday and held onto the gains through the morning before slipping lower. Only the Nasdaq Composite traded in the green late in the afternoon. The energy sector was the day’s worst performer while healthcare, with a modest gain of 0.3% was the best. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $50.26 a barrel, down 4.1% on the last day of trading on the May contract. June gold dropped 0.8% on the day to settle at $1,283.40. Equities were headed for a mixed close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.70% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.28%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.14%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Wednesday was International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) which traded down 5.18% at $161.23. The stock’s 52-week range is $142.50 to $182.79. Volume was more than 4 times the daily average of around 3.8 million shares. The company posted uninspiring results this morning. Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) traded down 1.63% at $103.96. The stock’s 52-week range is $97.53 to $119.00. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 6.5 million shares. The company had no specific news, but the sharp drop in crude prices hit Chevron hard. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) traded down 1.08% at $93.37. The stock’s 52-week range is $69.04 to $99.46. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 5.3 million shares. The company trades ex-dividend on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded down 0.91% at $84.39. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 15.6 million. The big bank sold its student loan portfolio of $6.9 billion to Navient on Tuesday. Of the Dow stocks, 7 are on track to close higher Wednesday and 13 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Facebook to Deliver Internet via Drones Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Slip into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born The Fastest Growing City in Each State Recent eBay Earnings Not Enough to Balance Out Weak Guidance American Express Wins Big on Earnings Even Without Costco Squabble with Apple Doesn’t Weigh on Qualcomm as Earnings, Revs Top Estimates Why Kinder Morgan Earnings Didn’t Fire Up Investors Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The Latest Interest Rate Increase Will Boost Bank of America's Net Interest Income by How Much? 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 3 Top Beer Stocks to Buy in 2017 Alcoa to close New York office and move HQ to Pittsburgh Qualcomm reports adjusted earnings of $1.34 a share on adjusted revenue of $6 billion eBay stock falls more than 3% following earnings Five Strong Buy Stocks to Buy at New Highs Q1 Earnings Season Off to a Solid Start Q1 Earnings Season Off to a Solid Start Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports Exclusive: Buffett likely voted shares to back Wells Fargo board General Motors says Venezuela illegally seizes auto plant Oil Claws Back Some Losses, But Oversupply Weighs Concerns Over Trump Policies Cloud Start of IMF, World Bank Meetings Asian shares gain on oil price rebound, strong Japan exports Bill O'Reilly's Name Has Already Been Scrubbed From 'The Factor' Exxon Reportedly Seeking Waiver From Russia Sanctions After 2 Decades, Fox News Braces For Primetime Without Bill O’Reilly Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Robert W. Duggan Purchases 61,819 Shares of Pulse Biosciences Inc (PLSE) Stock Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Sells $3,366,000.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Axovant Sciences Ltd (AXON) Director Acquires 53,937 Shares of Stock Greg Pavlik Sells 18,663 Shares of Hortonworks Inc (HDP) Stock Insider Selling: Inogen Inc (INGN) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Todd Swanson Sells 6,183 Shares of Finisar Co. (FNSR) Stock -$0.24 EPS Expected for Star Bulk Carriers Corp. (SBLK) This Quarter Athene Holding’s (ATH) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG Ascent Capital Group Inc (ASCMA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Intuitive Surgical’s (ISRG) Buy Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Celanese Co. (CE) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) Rating Reiterated by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Citigroup Inc Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Simmons JMP Securities Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for eBay Inc (EBAY) American Express Company (AXP) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Set Sky Plc (SKY) Price Target at $1,093.53 Insider Selling: Inogen Inc (INGN) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $75.28, for a total transaction of $188,200.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 4,064 shares in the company, valued at approximately $305,937.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Matt Scribner also recently made the following trade(s): On Wednesday, March 15th, Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of Inogen stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.85, for a total transaction of $184,625.00. Shares of Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) traded up 1.86% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $77.09. 109,646 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Inogen Inc has a 52-week low of $43.16 and a 52-week high of $79.94. The firm has a market cap of $1.58 billion, a P/E ratio of 79.47 and a beta of 1.07. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $75.10 and a 200 day moving average price of $66.40. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The medical technology company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.15. The business earned $50.85 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $46.19 million. Inogen had a net margin of 7.70% and a return on equity of 9.59%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.19 EPS. Analysts forecast that Inogen Inc will post $1.04 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Insider Selling: Inogen Inc (INGN) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/insider-selling-inogen-inc-ingn-evp-sells-2500-shares-of-stock.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in INGN. Guggenheim Capital LLC bought a new stake in Inogen during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $211,000. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its stake in Inogen by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,220 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $193,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. bought a new stake in Inogen during the third quarter valued at approximately $211,000. Trexquant Investment LP bought a new stake in Inogen during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $275,000. Finally, Tudor Investment Corp Et Al bought a new stake in Inogen during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $289,000. INGN has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on shares of Inogen to $65.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. TheStreet upgraded shares of Inogen from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Inogen from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 target price on shares of Inogen and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $83.00 target price on shares of Inogen in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. Inogen has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $73.67. About Inogen Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device. Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance AmEx profit tops estimates as card members spend more AmEx profit tops estimates as card members spend more Source : Last Updated: Thu, Apr 20, 2017 02:21 hrs Tweet Mail Print (Reuters) - American Express Co on Wednesday posted a better-than-expected first-quarter profit, helped in part by higher spending by card members, and the company's shares rose 2.3 percent in trading after the bell. AmEx's net income attributable to shareholders fell to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, in quarter ended March 31 from $1.39 billion, or $1.45 per share, a year earlier which included certain subsequently discontinued co-brand partnerships. Analysts on average had estimated a profit of $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "Card Member spending grew 8 percent, adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates and Costco-related business that was included in the prior year," Chief Executive Kenneth Chenault said in a statement. AmEx faces cut-throat competition, particularly for premium customers, as card issuers offer ever richer levels of rewards to acquire and keep customers. The company last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . It has also boosted spending on marketing and promotion efforts as well as on premium rewards for its customers, to hold back competition. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28290.00 (-0.25%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28980.00 (0.38%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28990.00 (0.42%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.42%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil slides 3.8 percent to two-week low on U.S. gasoline build Business Standard AmEx profit tops estimates as card members spend more Reuters  April 20, 2017 Last Updated at 02:05 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV16fL ALSO READ Shares of TCI Express get listed Board of Chokhani Global Express to approve September quarter results China Southern Airlines to sell $200 million shares to American Airlines Blue Dart Express to announce Q3 results Modern Shares & Stockbrokers schedules board meet for Q3 results (Reuters) - American Express Co on Wednesday posted a better-than-expected first-quarter profit, helped in part by higher spending by card members, and the company's shares rose 2.3 percent in trading after the bell. AmEx's net income attributable to shareholders fell to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, in quarter ended March 31 from $1.39 billion, or $1.45 per share, a year earlier which included certain subsequently discontinued co-brand partnerships. Analysts on average had estimated a profit of $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "Card Member spending grew 8 percent, adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates and Costco-related business that was included in the prior year," Chief Executive Kenneth Chenault said in a statement. AmEx faces cut-throat competition, particularly for premium customers, as card issuers offer ever richer levels of rewards to acquire and keep customers. The company last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . It has also boosted spending on marketing and promotion efforts as well as on premium rewards for its customers, to hold back competition. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On American | Express | Results | Shares | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep AmEx profit tops estimates as card members spend more (Reuters) - American Express Co on Wednesday posted a better-than-expected first-quarter profit, helped in part by higher spending by card members, and the company's shares rose 2.3 percent in trading after the bell. (Reuters) - American Express Co on Wednesday posted a better-than-expected first-quarter profit, helped in part by higher spending by card members, and the company's shares rose 2.3 percent in trading after the bell. AmEx's net income attributable to shareholders fell to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, in quarter ended March 31 from $1.39 billion, or $1.45 per share, a year earlier which included certain subsequently discontinued co-brand partnerships. Analysts on average had estimated a profit of $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "Card Member spending grew 8 percent, adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates and Costco-related business that was included in the prior year," Chief Executive Kenneth Chenault said in a statement. AmEx faces cut-throat competition, particularly for premium customers, as card issuers offer ever richer levels of rewards to acquire and keep customers. The company last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . It has also boosted spending on marketing and promotion efforts as well as on premium rewards for its customers, to hold back competition. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 AmEx profit tops estimates as card members spend more (Reuters) - American Express Co on Wednesday posted a better-than-expected first-quarter profit, helped in part by higher spending by card members, and the company's shares rose 2.3 percent in trading after the bell. AmEx's net income attributable to shareholders fell to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, in quarter ended March 31 from $1.39 billion, or $1.45 per share, a year earlier which included certain subsequently discontinued co-brand partnerships. Analysts on average had estimated a profit of $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "Card Member spending grew 8 percent, adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates and Costco-related business that was included in the prior year," Chief Executive Kenneth Chenault said in a statement. AmEx faces cut-throat competition, particularly for premium customers, as card issuers offer ever richer levels of rewards to acquire and keep customers. The company last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . It has also boosted spending on marketing and promotion efforts as well as on premium rewards for its customers, to hold back competition. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Sports LATEST NEWS Vladimir Putin-linked think tank drew up plan to sway 2016 US election: Documents Karnataka minister denies move to stop women from working night-shifts Rs 3,200 crore granted to EC for EVM paper trail units Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnology Defence Policy & GovtPeopleInternationalIndustryInternal SecurityAnalysis & Geo-StrategyEquipment & OrdnanceMobility & Weapons International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented ET Home›News›Sports 09:23 AM | 20 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,38043.91 NIFTY 50 9,12218.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,283-231.0 USD/INR 64.670.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Serena Williams pregnancy likely to boost sponsorship - industry experts By Reuters | Apr 20, 2017, 04.20 AM IST Post a Comment By Ben Klayman (Reuters) - A pregnant Serena Williams makes the tennis superstar even more attractive to corporate sponsors, allowing her to extend her reach into maternity wear and motherhood products, sponsorship industry executives said. Williams on Wednesday confirmed her pregnancy through spokeswoman Kelly Bush Novak after the tennis player posted a picture of herself in a yellow bathing suit on Snapchat social media with the caption "20 weeks." Williams, 35, is already known around the world for her dominance of women's tennis, but pregnancy would make her even more likeable in the eyes of the wider public, experts in the sponsorship industry said. "You take an iconic name who's now a brand and you add pregnancy to it, you get a happy story," said Gary Fechter, an attorney at McCarter & English who has represented companies in sponsorship deals. "This just makes her even more valuable." With almost $29 million in salary and sponsorship earnings, including from Nike Inc and PepsiCo Inc , Williams ranked as the top paid female athlete in the world last year on a list compiled by Forbes magazine. But lower prize money in tennis left her 40th in the overall standings. However, her earnings from sponsorship deals alone, at $20 million, would rank her far higher on the Forbes list - tied at 20th with fellow tennis player Maria Sharapova. Williams could add to her earnings by appealing to new audiences, the experts said. Existing sponsors could tell new stories with an expecting superstar athlete, and new corporate sponsors might sign up with the mom-to-be as well. "This just adds another dimension to Serena the person," said Jim Andrews, senior vice president with IEG, a WPP Plc unit that tracks sponsorship spending. Lawyer Fechter said there has not been an athlete of Williams' prominence who stepped away while still dominant, but he pointed out that pregnancy only made non-sports celebrity Kim Kardashian more popular. "This will enhance her likeability and certainly her marketability," Fechter said of Williams. Industry officials agreed no existing sponsor would ever drop Williams as a spokeswoman because she remains at the top of her sport and any move by a company to distance itself from a pregnant woman would likely be heavily panned by the public. In addition to Nike and Pepsi, Williams' roster of sponsors includes Wilson Sporting Goods Co, JP Morgan Chase & Co , Apple Inc's headphone company Beats Electronics, International Business Machines Corp and German automaker BMW's Mini brand, according to IEG. Officials at Nike, JP Morgan, Pepsi and BMW could not be reached to comment. Existing clients could tap into new markets with a pregnant superstar athlete, industry experts said. Williams could even expand her clothing line marketed on HSN Inc into maternity wear. "There are a lot of different products and a lot of different brands that will feature families, motherhood, young kids and here's somebody who would be potentially a great working mom if she continues her career," said Doug Shabelman, president of Burns Entertainment, which matches celebrities with corporate sponsors. (Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit, additional reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; editing by Grant McCool) Comments(0)Add Comments Serena Williams pregnancy likely to boost sponsorship - industry experts To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Serena Williams pregnancy likely to boost sponsorship -industry experts FACTBOX-Tennis-Australian Open winner Serena Williams Factbox - Australian Open finalist Serena Williams Serena Williams captures record no 23 at Australian Open READ MORE ONWPP Plcworldwomanwilliams industryWilliamsTorontoSocial media Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear. Reviewed! The Style Guide | Mack WeldonMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced (But Not With Cell Phones) Consumer Daily Ads 35 Of The Most Loyal Dog Breeds Ever Frank151 This Food Writer Tried Plated: Here’s What She Thought Food & Wine for Plated 50 Unlikely Animal Friendships Straight From Cartoons YourDigiDish What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented This could be your chance to get rich from Narendra Modi's $250-billion defence plan China provokes India by renaming 6 places in Arunachal, Beijing terms move 'legitimate' SC ruling on Babri a blow or blessing in disguise for the BJP? Donald Trump is considering military options for North Korea and they are all grim Every Indian is a VIP and the culture of beacon should have gone long ago: PM Narendra Modi More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBahubali 2|BSE Sensex SRH vs DD|Gold rate today Sensex|IPL 2017 Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Worthington Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cutler Capital Management LLC Raises Position in Vereit Inc (VER) Quotient Investors LLC Invests $2.81 Million in Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (BKD) Unilever plc (UL) Shares Sold by Ledyard National Bank BroadSoft Inc (BSFT) Stake Increased by Quotient Investors LLC Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Stake Raised by Ledyard National Bank Markel Co. (MKL) Shares Sold by Ledyard National Bank 19,521 Shares in Trinity Industries Inc (TRN) Acquired by Quotient Investors LLC Quotient Investors LLC Invests $698,000 in TCF Financial Co. (TCB) Ledyard National Bank Takes Position in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Shares Bought by Ledyard National Bank Quotient Investors LLC Invests $2.845 Million in Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Shares Bought by Ledyard National Bank 230,593 Shares in ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Acquired by Quotient Investors LLC Hartford Investment Management Co. Sells 3,679 Shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Quotient Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Ledyard National Bank Raises Position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $659.5 Million Analysts Set Enova International Inc (ENVA) Price Target at $12.56 Hartford Investment Management Co. Sells 44,189 Shares of East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Granite Investment Advisors LLC Has $1,053,000 Stake in Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Quotient Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Quotient Investors LLC continued to hold its position in shares of Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 13,300 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Quotient Investors LLC’s holdings in Worthington Industries were worth $600,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in WOR. Victory Capital Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Worthington Industries during the third quarter valued at about $100,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Worthington Industries during the fourth quarter valued at about $110,000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Worthington Industries during the third quarter valued at about $130,000. Riverhead Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Worthington Industries by 218.2% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 2,800 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 1,920 shares during the period. Finally, Flinton Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Worthington Industries during the fourth quarter valued at about $134,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 54.27% of the company’s stock. Shares of Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) traded down 0.41% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $41.18. The company had a trading volume of 297,595 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.86 and a beta of 1.29. Worthington Industries, Inc. has a 52-week low of $34.21 and a 52-week high of $62.44. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $47.51 and a 200 day moving average price of $49.90. Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 29th. The industrial products company reported $0.55 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.64 by $0.09. The firm had revenue of $703.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $717.26 million. Worthington Industries had a return on equity of 21.45% and a net margin of 7.08%. Worthington Industries’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.46 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Worthington Industries, Inc. will post $3.18 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.94%. Worthington Industries’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 25.64%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Quotient Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/quotient-investors-llc-continues-to-hold-stake-in-worthington-industries-inc-wor.html. A number of analysts recently issued reports on WOR shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Worthington Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $45.00 price target on shares of Worthington Industries in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Macquarie upgraded Worthington Industries from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their price target on Worthington Industries from $48.00 to $46.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Monday, April 3rd. About Worthington Industries Worthington Industries, Inc is a metals manufacturing company, focused on value-added steel processing and manufactured metal products. The Company’s segments include Steel Processing, Pressure Cylinders, Engineered Cabs and Other. The Steel Processing segment buys coils of steel from integrated steel mills and mini-mills, and also toll processes steel for steel mills, end users, service centers and other processors. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WOR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR). Receive News & Ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Serena Williams pregnancy likely to boost sponsorship -industry experts Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Apr 19, 2017 | 6:47pm EDT Serena Williams pregnancy likely to boost sponsorship -industry experts By Ben Klayman | April 19 April 19 A pregnant Serena Williams makes the tennis superstar even more attractive to corporate sponsors, allowing her to extend her reach into maternity wear and motherhood products, sponsorship industry executives said. Williams on Wednesday confirmed her pregnancy through spokeswoman Kelly Bush Novak after the tennis player posted a picture of herself in a yellow bathing suit on Snapchat social media with the caption "20 weeks." Williams, 35, is already known around the world for her dominance of women's tennis, but pregnancy would make her even more likeable in the eyes of the wider public, experts in the sponsorship industry said. "You take an iconic name who's now a brand and you add pregnancy to it, you get a happy story," said Gary Fechter, an attorney at McCarter & English who has represented companies in sponsorship deals. "This just makes her even more valuable." With almost $29 million in salary and sponsorship earnings, including from Nike Inc and PepsiCo Inc, Williams ranked as the top paid female athlete in the world last year on a list compiled by Forbes magazine. But lower prize money in tennis left her 40th in the overall standings. However, her earnings from sponsorship deals alone, at $20 million, would rank her far higher on the Forbes list - tied at 20th with fellow tennis player Maria Sharapova. Williams could add to her earnings by appealing to new audiences, the experts said. Existing sponsors could tell new stories with an expecting superstar athlete, and new corporate sponsors might sign up with the mom-to-be as well. "This just adds another dimension to Serena the person," said Jim Andrews, senior vice president with IEG, a WPP Plc unit that tracks sponsorship spending. Lawyer Fechter said there has not been an athlete of Williams' prominence who stepped away while still dominant, but he pointed out that pregnancy only made non-sports celebrity Kim Kardashian more popular. "This will enhance her likeability and certainly her marketability," Fechter said of Williams. Industry officials agreed no existing sponsor would ever drop Williams as a spokeswoman because she remains at the top of her sport and any move by a company to distance itself from a pregnant woman would likely be heavily panned by the public. In addition to Nike and Pepsi, Williams' roster of sponsors includes Wilson Sporting Goods Co, JP Morgan Chase & Co, Apple Inc's headphone company Beats Electronics, International Business Machines Corp and German automaker BMW's Mini brand, according to IEG. Officials at Nike, JP Morgan, Pepsi and BMW could not be reached to comment. Existing clients could tap into new markets with a pregnant superstar athlete, industry experts said. Williams could even expand her clothing line marketed on HSN Inc into maternity wear. "There are a lot of different products and a lot of different brands that will feature families, motherhood, young kids and here's somebody who would be potentially a great working mom if she continues her career," said Doug Shabelman, president of Burns Entertainment, which matches celebrities with corporate sponsors. (Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit, additional reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; editing by Grant McCool) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News May to make election pledge to end EU free movement of people into UK - Daily Mail LONDON, April 20 Prime Minister Theresa May will make a formal pledge ahead of the June 8 election to end European Union free movement of people into Britain, the Daily Mail newspaper reported, citing unidentified party sources. BRIEF-Eminence Capital pushes for divestiture of ASM Pacific Technology * Eminence Capital, which owns 9.6 percent of ASM Int'l, says "we strongly believe that ASMI would be a stronger and more valuable company without ASMPT" MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Granite Investment Advisors LLC Has $1,053,000 Stake in Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Granite Investment Advisors LLC Has $2.29 Million Stake in Unilever (UN) Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Holds Position in Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Sees Strong Trading Volume Following Dividend Announcement Hartford Financial Management Inc. Buys 2,203 Shares of Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Sanofi SA (SNY) Position Maintained by Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Alleghany Co. (Y) Shares Bought by Granite Investment Advisors LLC Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Cuts Stake in Civista Bancshares Inc (CIVB) Granite Investment Advisors LLC Has $5.22 Million Position in Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) PTC Inc (PTC) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Hartford Financial Management Inc. Has $176,000 Position in NiSource Inc. (NI) Analysts Set Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Price Target at $22.28 Hartford Financial Management Inc. Has $214,000 Position in Nucor Co. (NUE) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Stake Held by Courier Capital LLC Total SA (TOT) Stake Maintained by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Lowers Stake in HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Courier Capital LLC Has $1.104 Million Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Shares Bought by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Sells 1,400 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Professional Advisory Services Inc. Acquires 31,761 Shares of Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Sanofi SA (SNY) Position Maintained by Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. maintained its stake in shares of Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 11,170 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Sanofi SA were worth $505,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Oxbow Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 0.3% in the third quarter. Oxbow Advisors LLC now owns 84,015 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,210,000 after buying an additional 220 shares during the last quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. increased its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 5.1% in the third quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. now owns 268,709 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,262,000 after buying an additional 12,996 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 30.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,973,784 shares of the company’s stock valued at $151,760,000 after buying an additional 938,683 shares during the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc increased its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 7.4% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 127,983 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,888,000 after buying an additional 8,778 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Financial Architects Inc increased its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 6.9% in the third quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 15,427 shares of the company’s stock valued at $589,000 after buying an additional 990 shares during the last quarter. 9.63% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) traded down 0.31% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $44.31. 1,527,336 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $111.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.92 and a beta of 0.98. Sanofi SA has a 1-year low of $36.81 and a 1-year high of $45.95. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $44.52 and a 200 day moving average of $41.24. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.67 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.66 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $8.88 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.87 billion. Sanofi SA had a net margin of 13.66% and a return on equity of 26.37%. Sanofi SA’s quarterly revenue was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Sanofi SA will post $3.03 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a $1.5771 dividend. This is an increase from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. This represents a yield of 3.65%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. Sanofi SA’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 54.90%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/sanofi-sa-sny-position-maintained-by-macnealy-hoover-investment-management-inc.html. Several analysts have weighed in on SNY shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. HSBC Holdings plc cut shares of Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Argus started coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $50.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Barclays PLC started coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued an “underweight” rating for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Sanofi SA has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $62.75. About Sanofi SA Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY). Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hartford Financial Services Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Granite Investment Advisors LLC Has $1,053,000 Stake in Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Granite Investment Advisors LLC Has $2.29 Million Stake in Unilever (UN) Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Holds Position in Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Sees Strong Trading Volume Following Dividend Announcement Hartford Financial Management Inc. Buys 2,203 Shares of Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Sanofi SA (SNY) Position Maintained by Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Alleghany Co. (Y) Shares Bought by Granite Investment Advisors LLC Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Cuts Stake in Civista Bancshares Inc (CIVB) Granite Investment Advisors LLC Has $5.22 Million Position in Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) PTC Inc (PTC) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Hartford Financial Management Inc. Has $176,000 Position in NiSource Inc. (NI) Analysts Set Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Price Target at $22.28 Hartford Financial Management Inc. Has $214,000 Position in Nucor Co. (NUE) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Stake Held by Courier Capital LLC Total SA (TOT) Stake Maintained by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Lowers Stake in HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Courier Capital LLC Has $1.104 Million Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Shares Bought by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Sells 1,400 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Professional Advisory Services Inc. Acquires 31,761 Shares of Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Hartford Financial Management Inc. Buys 2,203 Shares of Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hartford Financial Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG) by 489.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 2,653 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after buying an additional 2,203 shares during the period. Hartford Financial Management Inc.’s holdings in Hartford Financial Services Group were worth $127,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Mount Vernon Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in Hartford Financial Services Group by 1.3% in the first quarter. Mount Vernon Associates Inc. MD now owns 16,166 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $777,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC bought a new stake in Hartford Financial Services Group during the first quarter valued at approximately $2,013,000. DnB Asset Management AS boosted its stake in Hartford Financial Services Group by 17.1% in the first quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 41,873 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $2,013,000 after buying an additional 6,100 shares in the last quarter. Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC boosted its stake in Hartford Financial Services Group by 45.1% in the first quarter. Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC now owns 60,839 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $2,898,000 after buying an additional 18,918 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Fox Run Management L.L.C. bought a new stake in Hartford Financial Services Group during the first quarter valued at approximately $404,000. 89.59% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG) traded down 0.90% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $47.26. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,265,510 shares. Hartford Financial Services Group Inc has a 52 week low of $38.92 and a 52 week high of $50.26. The stock has a market capitalization of $17.50 billion, a PE ratio of 20.82 and a beta of 1.22. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $48.37 and its 200-day moving average price is $47.19. Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The insurance provider reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.14. Hartford Financial Services Group had a return on equity of 7.40% and a net margin of 4.90%. The firm earned $4.54 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.72 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.07 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Hartford Financial Services Group Inc will post $4.13 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 6th were issued a $0.23 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.95%. Hartford Financial Services Group’s dividend payout ratio is currently 41.26%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Hartford Financial Management Inc. Buys 2,203 Shares of Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/hartford-financial-management-inc-buys-2203-shares-of-hartford-financial-services-group-inc-hig.html. Several research firms recently commented on HIG. Wells Fargo & Co reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a report on Tuesday. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Zacks Investment Research cut Hartford Financial Services Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price target on Hartford Financial Services Group from $51.00 to $49.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a $53.00 price target on Hartford Financial Services Group and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, April 1st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $50.55. In related news, Director Teresa Wynn Roseborough purchased 1,005 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $49.72 per share, for a total transaction of $49,968.60. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 5,755 shares in the company, valued at $286,138.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 1.23% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hartford Financial Services Group Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HIG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG). Receive News & Ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Serena Williams pregnancy likely to boost sponsorship -industry experts By Reuters Published: 18:49 EDT, 19 April 2017 | Updated: 18:49 EDT, 19 April 2017 e-mail By Ben Klayman April 19 (Reuters) - A pregnant Serena Williams makes the tennis superstar even more attractive to corporate sponsors, allowing her to extend her reach into maternity wear and motherhood products, sponsorship industry executives said. Williams on Wednesday confirmed her pregnancy through spokeswoman Kelly Bush Novak after the tennis player posted a picture of herself in a yellow bathing suit on Snapchat social media with the caption "20 weeks." Williams, 35, is already known around the world for her dominance of women's tennis, but pregnancy would make her even more likeable in the eyes of the wider public, experts in the sponsorship industry said. "You take an iconic name who's now a brand and you add pregnancy to it, you get a happy story," said Gary Fechter, an attorney at McCarter &amp; English who has represented companies in sponsorship deals. "This just makes her even more valuable." With almost $29 million in salary and sponsorship earnings, including from Nike Inc and PepsiCo Inc, Williams ranked as the top paid female athlete in the world last year on a list compiled by Forbes magazine. But lower prize money in tennis left her 40th in the overall standings. However, her earnings from sponsorship deals alone, at $20 million, would rank her far higher on the Forbes list - tied at 20th with fellow tennis player Maria Sharapova. Williams could add to her earnings by appealing to new audiences, the experts said. Existing sponsors could tell new stories with an expecting superstar athlete, and new corporate sponsors might sign up with the mom-to-be as well. "This just adds another dimension to Serena the person," said Jim Andrews, senior vice president with IEG, a WPP Plc unit that tracks sponsorship spending. Lawyer Fechter said there has not been an athlete of Williams' prominence who stepped away while still dominant, but he pointed out that pregnancy only made non-sports celebrity Kim Kardashian more popular. "This will enhance her likeability and certainly her marketability," Fechter said of Williams. Industry officials agreed no existing sponsor would ever drop Williams as a spokeswoman because she remains at the top of her sport and any move by a company to distance itself from a pregnant woman would likely be heavily panned by the public. In addition to Nike and Pepsi, Williams' roster of sponsors includes Wilson Sporting Goods Co, JP Morgan Chase &amp; Co, Apple Inc's headphone company Beats Electronics, International Business Machines Corp and German automaker BMW's Mini brand, according to IEG. Officials at Nike, JP Morgan, Pepsi and BMW could not be reached to comment. Existing clients could tap into new markets with a pregnant superstar athlete, industry experts said. Williams could even expand her clothing line marketed on HSN Inc into maternity wear. "There are a lot of different products and a lot of different brands that will feature families, motherhood, young kids and here's somebody who would be potentially a great working mom if she continues her career," said Doug Shabelman, president of Burns Entertainment, which matches celebrities with corporate sponsors. (Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit, additional reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; editing by Grant McCool) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway Heating things up 'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new music video... shot the day before terror attack Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Romantic vacation 'Don't say that!' Sam Faiers scolds beau Paul Knightley as he BLASTS Loose Women panel with foul-mouthed slur... after they slam him for THAT kiss Time to Chris and make-up? Jesy Nelson taunts ex Clark as she flashes assets in sexy red leather bralet as Little Mix star prepares to 'paint the town red' Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA Flaunted her bump in a clinging low-cut number  What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her 'Lock up daughters and crowbars!': Corrie viewers AGHAST as Tina McIntyre's killer Rob Donovan makes return to the cobbles to meet Tracy Barlow 'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together How romantic Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  EXCLUSIVE: 'She met up with him and they went to a pool party': TOWIE's Kate Wright 'enjoyed dates with Rio Ferdinand in Dubai'... as poses in swimwear Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester) 'It's all a lot looser': Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd makes VERY lewd profession about pregnant star on Mummy Diaries... as fans fawn over Nelly She snaps back quick! Slender Amanda Seyfried makes first red carpet appearance with Thomas Sadoski after giving birth last month Return to spotlight So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Full family outing  Oh not again, Abbey! Bleary-eyed Clancy appears worse for wear as she is guided into car by husband Peter Crouch following star-studded dinner TOWIE's Courtney Green enjoys campsite night with beau Myles Barnett in saucy reunion... as Chloe Lewis admits to sex on the beach That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and patterned tights in London Gone with the wind! Lucy Mecklenburgh almost suffers a serious wardrobe faux pas when her bright orange floral dress blows up as she heads out in LA All that glitters! Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown as she attends Harper's Bazaar bash in New York Got her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash Ready to have fun 'Where has he been hiding?' Pregnant Binky Felstead shares a treasured family throwback... as fans go crazy for her 'hot' older brother Oliver Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  Hollywood nights Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles All bundled up  in sweats and a bomber jacket Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA Looked in fine form Emmerdale star Lucy Pargeter, 40, joyously announces arrival of twin daughters with fiancé Rudi Coleano... after conceiving using IVF Lily Aldridge flashes flesh in gold velvet dress with asymmetric rear sash at World Of Children Hero Awards She's no stranger to showing a bit of skin TOWIE star Ferne McCann 'dumps' her boyfriend after police 'find guns and drugs' at his home and hunt him over nightclub acid attack  Beaming Lisa Snowdon dazzles in flirty frilled blouse as she cosies up to dashing fiancé George Smart at star-studded art gallery bash Bust date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson A very plunging dress for her night out  All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC Warm spring temperatures  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'too soon' to start dating again following the tragic death of her husband René Angélil Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled An all-star cast EXCLUSIVE Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead 'Do not disturb!' Make-up free Ashley James shows off her incredible body in sexy 'mankini' style bikini as she relaxes in hammock after swim on idyllic Mexican holiday Pretty in pink! Priyanka Chopra takes the plunge in cutout dress at Harper's Bazaar's 150th anniversary party Miss World 2000 Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her age-defying figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway JoJo Fletcher and Jordan Rodgers wear matching leather jackets as they share a kiss at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere Dressing together Matching cleavage! Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event Former supermodel 'We talk about children. All the time!' Geordie Shore's Charlotte Crosby reveals she's 'baby mad' and has already picked out names Teddy and Wolf with beau Stephen Bear 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises' RHOC star Missé Beqiri adds fuel to pregnancy speculation with beau Jake Hall as she strategically masks her stomach... yet swiftly DELETES and replaces shot She wasn't EX-pecting to see him! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in VERY sexy lace bustier top as attends same private view as her former MIC flame Spencer Matthews 'Double trouble': Alexa Chung wears playful slogan T-shirt with oversized fluffy jacket and cropped jeans as she touches down in LA  New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot Snap, snapping away Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mum' 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian 'I love the big guy!' Delta Goodrem continues to fuel romance rumours with The Voice co-star Seal while chatting to Today's Karl Stefanovic...who jokes about their own tabloid 'relationship' A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood 'It's going to be a scarier version': Chris Pratt teases the storyline behind upcoming sequel Jurassic World 2 Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her blossoming bump in a jumpsuit on Instagram... just a day after celebrating her 30th birthday 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album Baby on board! Katherine Heigl slips on motorcycle jacket and jeans for flight out of LAX with four-month-old son Joshua Jr. Newly single Mel B wows in a striped blue dress as she steps out for meeting... after it's revealed star will join Spice Girls reunion following split from 'unnerving' Stephen Belafonte Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Looking incredible Caitlyn Jenner steps out after revealing she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage  Lauren Goodger shrouds her curves in a grey T-shirt and black leggings as she heads to the gym... after putting on a bodacious bikini display in Dubai Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Fab in florals! Tyra Banks is radiant in colorful pantsuit at star-studded Freeform Upfront event Khloe Kardashian rocks track pants after visiting Tristan Thompson...as it's claimed she is 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over new tell-all book PICTURED: Ferne McCann kisses bad boy beau Arthur Collins in happier times... as she demands he turns himself in to police over nightclub acid attack When life gives you lemons! Defiant Vicky Pattison hits back at weight gain claims in VERY busty yellow bikini... as fans laud her 'phenomenal' looks Millie Mackintosh exudes Grecian goddess glamour in a halterneck ivory gown as she jets over to Monaco for her SIXTH getaway in just four months 'Hell NO, I'm not pregnant': Coronation Street's Tina O'Brien forced to deny she's expecting her third child after fans tweet about her on-screen 'bump'  No lady Doctor in the Tardis (for now): BBC writes to worried fan to 'assure' them that Peter Capaldi's replacement WON'T be a woman 'He's funny... and has a big c***': Heather Locklear crudely reveals the appeal of ex David Spade amid his romance with Naya Rivera Jon Hamm's kidnapper divorces the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in new season three trailer Showing him what he's missing! Mariah Carey, 47, flaunts her generous chest in low-cut LBD after split from beau Bryan Tanaka, 34 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man and was 'prepared to lose everything' Get ready beauty lovers! Kylie Jenner gives her fans a sneak peek at new KKW make-up collaboration with sister Kim Kardashian after teasing the collection in a video  Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace 'What a fantastic day!' Jessica Ennis-Hill is joined by dapper husband Andy Hill as she's made a Dame by Duke of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace Ronnie Wood's ex Jo is left 'furious' after she was thrown off an overbooked easyJet flight on her way home from Easter break  My mini me! Low-key Jenna Dewan enjoys girls' day out with adorable daughter Everly Happy days  Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Things working out? Hilary Duff shows off toned legs in skintight leggings as she exercises with (and stares adoringly at) ex Jason Walsh Getting her smile back: Billie Lourd is cheered up by beau Taylor Lautner as she puts on a leggy display during shopping trip Ready to mingle? Brad Pitt 'has been dating a bit' just six months after split with Angelina Jolie The actor 'has been dating' according report from People magazine. Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  'I didn't want to fail this child!': Katherine Heigl says she deliberated for nine months before naming son after husband Joshua Kelley Happy birthday sweetie! Katie Holmes unveils three cakes for daughter Suri's 11th birthday party... while Tom Cruise jets around Europe Out of this world! Gigi Hadid wears NASA cap with oversized sweats on casual solo outing in New York The 21-year-old covered up while on a solo outing Strike a pose! Ashley Graham flashes her cleavage and shapely legs in slinky LBD for New York photo shoot Showing all her best bits Doting dad! Ben Affleck steps out with son Samuel... after it's revealed Jennifer Garner 'waited to file for divorce until after his rehab stint' Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James 'Nothing to see here!' Rachel Riley left red-faced after cheeky Countdown spelling incident... as viewers take to Twitter in amusement The 70s called... Tallia Storm flaunts  abs in tiny pink crop top and patterned flares...after revealing she's moved on from Brooklyn with mystery older man VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'You lazy cows are still in bed?' Abbey Clancy joins forces with her personal trainer brother to put the BNTM girls through their paces 'People don't want to know you!' BNTM's first transgender model Talulah-Eve poses in her underwear... as she reveals tension with Abbey Clancy Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris 'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression' Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami 'Claustrophobia rocks!' Josh Brolin begins pre-production for Deadpool 2 with face cast as Cable Stop the music! Prince's estate sues his long-time sound engineer over planned release of six unheard tracks from the late singer, citing 'theft and misappropriation of trade secrets' Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle NFL stars and Snoop Dog slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben Affleck until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous Pregnant Chanelle Hayes debuts her bare baby bump in a stunning shoot... after revealing she's expecting a second boy  Glowing 'I was LIVING': Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video EXCLUSIVE 'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby return at Cannes Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans 'I'm going to mention it in my Christmas card': Julia Roberts receives People's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a FIFTH time... beating pal George Clooney record Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama A Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family 'I want to do it justice for survivors': Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon defends her grooming storyline... after it's revealed the character will be raped Gail Porter flashes a smile as she steps out in London... three months after revealing her bankruptcy woes The TV presenter, 46, was seen smiling  Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film The Promise on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's release in an attempt to discredit Armenian genocide Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit the latest issue of Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Kate's show of support: Dressed-down Duchess of Cambridge hosts a reception for Heads Together Marathon runners at Kensington Palace 'It is horrible that people can do that': Elsa Pataky weighs in on celebrity photo hacking and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones Defiant Chloe Sims steps out in casual blue shirt for TOWIE filming amid explosive rivalry with Megan McKenna over her ex Pete Wicks Drama to one side 'Be with someone you'd want your daughter to be with': Jamie O'Hara takes a thinly veiled dig at Ferne McCann His cousin was a victim Boyfriend of TOWIE's Ferne McCann pictured living the high-life and swigging champagne just days before becoming a suspect in acid attack 'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in Hollywood 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ Open and honest  'He brings joy into our lives!' Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears Geordie Shore's Elettra Lamborghini leaves Chloe Ferry in tears as she gets STEAMY in the shower with Marty McKenna... with backlash from fans 'Hard work pays off!' MIC's Louise Thompson displays her gym-honed six-pack as she goes braless in a bandeau top  Body beautiful Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney 'Are you obsessed with dieting?' Loose Women cause a Twitter storm for probing fantastic looking Rosemary Conley, 70, about her weight Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she pines for Coachella in throwback snap Pining for the sunshine 'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good' 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?' Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Super WAG Coleen Rooney grabs a cup of coffee on the go as she runs early morning errands around Cheshire in paint splattered sweater Nick Knowles looks dapper as he leaves BBC studios ahead of his new presenting role in collaboration with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 'Always wants what she can't have!' Stephanie Davis lashes out at 'compulsive liar' Danielle Armstrong in support of TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou 'No one knows anything about us': Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before first fashion campaign The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof Joking about the highly publicised incident Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills Opted to make a humanitarian statement 'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49 'I don't MEAN to swear - it just slips out!' Gordon Ramsay insists his notorious penchant for bad language is not intentional... and that his mother tells him off for it Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  Chose a fitted dress 'My FAT driver is questioning my health': Outraged Size 22 model Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol Chloe Madeley flaunts her incredibly gym-honed frame in a skimpy red bikini... as she jokes about her holiday diet taking its toll Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser Lee Ryan erupts into a fit of giggles as Eamonn Holmes accidentally introduces him as a Blue Peter presenter in hilarious live TV gaffe Not that squeaky clean Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London Make-up free Jessie Wallace keeps it casual in workout leggings and a baggy tee as she runs errands Worlds away from leopard print-loving Kat EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris The supermodel caught the eye of many Prince Harry insists he was just 'doing his bit' by revealing his mental health battles after his mother's death - and says Diana would be 'encouraged' to see it Tangerine dream! Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging keyhole swimwear as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway 'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lack Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hartford Financial Management Inc. Has $214,000 Position in Nucor Co. (NUE) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Stake Held by Courier Capital LLC Total SA (TOT) Stake Maintained by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Lowers Stake in HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Courier Capital LLC Has $1.104 Million Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Shares Bought by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Sells 1,400 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Professional Advisory Services Inc. Acquires 31,761 Shares of Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Courier Capital LLC Continues to Hold Position in Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Position Raised by Courier Capital LLC Potlatch Co. (PCH) Position Raised by Hartford Financial Management Inc. Courier Capital LLC Increases Stake in M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Investors Sell Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) on Strength After Analyst Downgrade United Financial Bancorp Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 (UBNK) Banco Bradesco S.A. (BBDO) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.01 Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA Has $1.289 Million Position in AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Middleton & Co Inc MA Sells 2,781 Shares of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Alta Capital Management LLC Has $9.141 Million Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Middleton & Co Inc MA Continues to Hold Position in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $5.367 Million Stake in Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Stake Held by Courier Capital LLC April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Courier Capital LLC held its position in Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 20,243 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Courier Capital LLC’s holdings in Prudential Public Limited Company were worth $857,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in Prudential Public Limited Company by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,714,362 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $61,220,000 after buying an additional 7,132 shares during the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp raised its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 4.3% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,053,214 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $37,611,000 after buying an additional 43,116 shares in the last quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 7.5% in the third quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC now owns 1,034,622 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $36,946,000 after buying an additional 72,505 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 3.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 363,584 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $12,984,000 after buying an additional 11,563 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 8.7% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 327,393 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $13,868,000 after buying an additional 26,202 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 1.46% of the company’s stock. Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) traded up 0.02% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $41.44. 320,400 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $53.26 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.16 and a beta of 1.68. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $41.79 and a 200 day moving average price of $38.99. Prudential Public Limited Company has a 12 month low of $29.14 and a 12 month high of $44.21. The firm also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.744 dividend. This represents a yield of 3.5%. This is an increase from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Stake Held by Courier Capital LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/prudential-public-limited-company-puk-stake-held-by-courier-capital-llc.html. PUK has been the subject of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Societe Generale upgraded shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. Prudential Public Limited Company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $43.20. Prudential Public Limited Company Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PUK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK). Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nucor Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nucor Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hartford Financial Management Inc. Has $214,000 Position in Nucor Co. (NUE) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Stake Held by Courier Capital LLC Total SA (TOT) Stake Maintained by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Lowers Stake in HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Courier Capital LLC Has $1.104 Million Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Shares Bought by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Sells 1,400 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Professional Advisory Services Inc. Acquires 31,761 Shares of Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Courier Capital LLC Continues to Hold Position in Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Position Raised by Courier Capital LLC Potlatch Co. (PCH) Position Raised by Hartford Financial Management Inc. Courier Capital LLC Increases Stake in M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Investors Sell Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) on Strength After Analyst Downgrade United Financial Bancorp Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 (UBNK) Banco Bradesco S.A. (BBDO) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.01 Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA Has $1.289 Million Position in AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Middleton & Co Inc MA Sells 2,781 Shares of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Alta Capital Management LLC Has $9.141 Million Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Middleton & Co Inc MA Continues to Hold Position in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $5.367 Million Stake in Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Hartford Financial Management Inc. Has $214,000 Position in Nucor Co. (NUE) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hartford Financial Management Inc. continued to hold its stake in Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 3,585 shares of the basic materials company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc.’s holdings in Nucor were worth $214,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. State Street Corp increased its stake in Nucor by 7.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 19,873,453 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,182,877,000 after buying an additional 1,301,263 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Nucor during the fourth quarter worth about $492,657,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Nucor by 8.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,882,130 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $191,972,000 after buying an additional 286,265 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in Nucor by 905.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,715,677 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $161,637,000 after buying an additional 2,445,520 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Panagora Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in Nucor by 0.6% in the third quarter. Panagora Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,866,498 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $92,298,000 after buying an additional 12,000 shares during the last quarter. 76.41% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE) traded up 0.51% on Wednesday, reaching $57.62. 2,455,713 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Nucor Co. has a 52 week low of $44.81 and a 52 week high of $68.00. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $60.90 and its 200 day moving average is $58.54. The firm has a market capitalization of $18.37 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.22 and a beta of 1.45. Nucor (NYSE:NUE) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The basic materials company reported $0.50 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.34 by $0.16. The firm earned $3.96 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.78 billion. Nucor had a return on equity of 9.32% and a net margin of 4.53%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 14.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.46 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Nucor Co. will post $3.93 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 11th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.3775 dividend. This represents a $1.51 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.62%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. Nucor’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 65.94%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Hartford Financial Management Inc. Has $214,000 Position in Nucor Co. (NUE)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/hartford-financial-management-inc-has-214000-position-in-nucor-co-nue.html. NUE has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Berenberg Bank reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $75.00 target price on shares of Nucor in a research note on Sunday, February 5th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $56.00 target price (up previously from $46.00) on shares of Nucor in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Nucor from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $69.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on shares of Nucor from $73.00 to $75.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their target price on shares of Nucor from $70.00 to $75.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. Nucor currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $65.91. In related news, insider Raymond S. Napolitan, Jr. sold 12,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.74, for a total value of $790,376.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 73,885 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,709,429.90. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CFO James D. Frias sold 52,631 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $62.57, for a total value of $3,293,121.67. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 174,037 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,889,495.09. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.63% of the company’s stock. About Nucor Nucor Corporation (Nucor) manufactures steel and steel products. The Company produces direct reduced iron (DRI) for use in its steel mills. It operates in three segments: steel mills, steel products and raw materials. The steel mills segment produces and distributes sheet steel (hot-rolled, cold-rolled and galvanized), plate steel, structural steel (wide-flange beams, beam blanks, H-piling and sheet piling) and bar steel (blooms, billets, concrete reinforcing bar, merchant bar, wire rod and special bar quality). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NUE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE). Receive News & Ratings for Nucor Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nucor Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hartford Financial Management Inc. Has $214,000 Position in Nucor Co. (NUE) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Stake Held by Courier Capital LLC Total SA (TOT) Stake Maintained by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Lowers Stake in HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Courier Capital LLC Has $1.104 Million Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Shares Bought by Courier Capital LLC Courier Capital LLC Sells 1,400 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Professional Advisory Services Inc. Acquires 31,761 Shares of Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Courier Capital LLC Continues to Hold Position in Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Position Raised by Courier Capital LLC Potlatch Co. (PCH) Position Raised by Hartford Financial Management Inc. Courier Capital LLC Increases Stake in M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Investors Sell Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) on Strength After Analyst Downgrade United Financial Bancorp Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 (UBNK) Banco Bradesco S.A. (BBDO) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.01 Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA Has $1.289 Million Position in AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Middleton & Co Inc MA Sells 2,781 Shares of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Alta Capital Management LLC Has $9.141 Million Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Middleton & Co Inc MA Continues to Hold Position in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $5.367 Million Stake in Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Position Raised by Courier Capital LLC April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Courier Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) by 2.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 9,524 shares of the mining company’s stock after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Courier Capital LLC’s holdings in Rio Tinto plc were worth $387,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of RIO. Luminus Management LLC acquired a new stake in Rio Tinto plc during the fourth quarter worth approximately $138,568,000. Credit Suisse AG boosted its stake in Rio Tinto plc by 2,738.9% in the third quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 1,756,844 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $58,678,000 after buying an additional 1,694,960 shares during the period. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. acquired a new stake in Rio Tinto plc during the third quarter worth approximately $35,543,000. Impala Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Rio Tinto plc by 31.5% in the fourth quarter. Impala Asset Management LLC now owns 4,416,713 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $169,866,000 after buying an additional 1,057,429 shares during the period. Finally, Capital Growth Management LP acquired a new stake in Rio Tinto plc during the third quarter worth approximately $25,050,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 6.63% of the company’s stock. Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) traded down 0.26% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $38.52. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,513,904 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $40.90 and a 200-day moving average price of $39.61. The company has a market capitalization of $69.30 billion, a PE ratio of 15.09 and a beta of 1.19. Rio Tinto plc has a 52 week low of $26.95 and a 52 week high of $47.11. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Investors of record on Friday, February 24th were issued a $1.2582 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 22nd. This represents a yield of 5.54%. This is a boost from Rio Tinto plc’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.96. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/rio-tinto-plc-rio-position-raised-by-courier-capital-llc.html. RIO has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Axiom Securities restated a “sell” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Rio Tinto plc from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $47.00 price target for the company in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $41.86. Rio Tinto plc Company Profile Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RIO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO). Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News United Financial Bancorp Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 (UBNK) Banco Bradesco S.A. (BBDO) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.01 Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA Has $1.289 Million Position in AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Middleton & Co Inc MA Sells 2,781 Shares of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Alta Capital Management LLC Has $9.141 Million Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Middleton & Co Inc MA Continues to Hold Position in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $5.367 Million Stake in Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Middleton & Co Inc MA Maintains Stake in Dover Corp (DOV) Alta Capital Management LLC Has $17.337 Million Stake in Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) 23,701 Shares in Hertz Global Holdings Inc (HRI) Acquired by Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. Acquires Shares of 2,595 Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Lowered by Middleton & Co Inc MA Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) Position Boosted by Deschutes Portfolio Strategy LLC Cypress Capital Management LLC WY Has $212,000 Position in TransMontaigne Partners L.P. (TLP) Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Purchases Shares of 141,047 Cerner Co. (CERN) Cypress Capital Management LLC WY Purchases Shares of 20,480 Casella Waste Systems Inc. (CWST) 1,825 Shares in Lear Co. (LEA) Acquired by Deschutes Portfolio Strategy LLC Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Stake Held by Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Has $927,000 Position in Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) 34,300 Shares in New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Acquired by Cypress Capital Management LLC WY Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. Acquires Shares of 2,595 Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. acquired a new stake in Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor acquired 2,595 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $108,000. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Prudential Public Limited Company by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,714,362 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $61,220,000 after buying an additional 7,132 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 41.4% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 174,903 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,246,000 after buying an additional 51,182 shares during the period. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 11.6% in the third quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 125,915 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $4,496,000 after buying an additional 13,062 shares during the period. Profund Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company during the third quarter valued at $1,197,000. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 17.8% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 166,439 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,951,000 after buying an additional 25,146 shares during the period. 1.46% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) traded up 0.02% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $41.44. The stock had a trading volume of 320,400 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $41.79 and a 200 day moving average of $38.99. The firm has a market cap of $53.26 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.16 and a beta of 1.68. Prudential Public Limited Company has a 52 week low of $29.14 and a 52 week high of $44.21. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.744 dividend. This is an increase from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a yield of 3.5%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/feltz-wealth-plan-inc-acquires-shares-of-2595-prudential-public-limited-company-puk.html. Several equities analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, April 1st. Societe Generale upgraded Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Prudential Public Limited Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. Prudential Public Limited Company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $43.20. Prudential Public Limited Company Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PUK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK). Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Thursday, April 20, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Babri Masjid case: BJP is with you, Amit Shah tells LK Advani after Supreme Court verdict AIADMK merger LIVE: Thambidurai, who backs Palaniswamy as TN CM, meets Governor Vidyasagar Rao Changing guard of AIADMK: Is BJP influencing the party to get rid of Sasikala, Dinakaran? BJP rules Goa despite losing election: Debacle proves India is becoming Congress-mukt, one state at a time Kashmir unrest: Miffed with PDP-BJP govt, Congress forms Manmohan Singh-led policy-planning group Delhi Police summons TTV Dinakaran in EC poll symbol bribery case Sports Champions League: Bus delay 'worst thing that could happen' to Dortmund, says Thomas Tuchel Maria Sharapova says rivals' criticism least of her concerns ahead of return from doping ban Champions Trophy 2017: Mitchell Starc, James Pattinson named in Australia squad Serena Williams will not play competitive tennis in 2017 due to pregnancy, plans to return in 2018 Barcelona can turn Champions League pain to El Clasico gain, says manager Luis Enrique Champions League: Cristiano Ronaldo's remarkable new landmark down to his insatiable ambition India Kashmir unrest: Militants thrash, video-record political workers in Pulwama and Shopian, drive them from their homes Inadequate pensions leave India’s elderly no choice but to work Delhi Police and UP ATS arrest three suspected Islamic State operatives from Mumbai, Jalandhar and Bijnor 'Gau rakshak' Sadhvi Kamal praises Alwar lynching accused, compares him to Bhagat Singh India swaps 40-yr-old definition of blindness for WHO criteria: 40 lakh people will no longer be classified 'legally blind' Kashmir unrest: Who is accountable for death of 2014's tranquility in the Valley? World India swaps 40-yr-old definition of blindness for WHO criteria: 40 lakh people will no longer be classified 'legally blind' Gay men flee Chechnya after strongman Ramzan Kadyrov's regime begins persecution of sexual minorities Protesters clash with security forces in Venezuela as Opposition-led protest against Nicolas Maduro continues Pakistan Supreme Court to pronounce verdict on corruption allegations against Nawaz Sharif Australia passes sweeping new citizenship laws; to have tighter screening, longer waiting periods India, Russia likely to hold tri-service exercise 'Indra' in Vladivostok this October Business Get over the liquor ban, startup HipBar app could be the answer to your drinking woes Petrol pumps to remain shut on Sundays: Fuel conscious? Or merely money-conscious? Yamuna development authority scraps 17 realty projects; Jaypee group, other builders feel the heat Tata, Godrej, Adani show interest in buying Sahara properties Irony of H-1B visa policy: Jobs Trump is trying to protect are about to vanish altogether Farm loan waiver may win votes, but what about ailing state banks and worsening public finances Life Prince Harry speaks out on depression: Will it help break the silence around mental health? Rasgulla wars: Wedding broken off in Uttar Pradesh over a fight about extra serving of rasgulla Entertainment Vir Das in Netflix's Abroad Understanding: Here's an Indian making fun of Americans in US Tubelight poster: Salman Khan seems to tread tricky waters in a war-torn area Mahabharata, Baahubali, 2.0, Sangamithra: With big budgets come bigger risks Raveena Tandon skeptical about starring in Andaz Apna Apna sequel; here's her hilarious reason Baahubali 2's Karnataka release in jeopardy; did trade disagreement snowball into political row? The Guardians of the Galaxy will Jhoom Jhoom Jhoom Baba to classic Bappi Lahiri song Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News Fwire News AmEx profit tops estimates as card members spend more | Reuters AmEx profit tops estimates as card members spend more | Reuters FwireReutersApr, 20 2017 03:00:08 IST #Reuters American Express Co (AXP.N) on Wednesday posted a better-than-expected first-quarter profit, helped in part by higher spending by card members, and the company's shares rose 2.3 percent in trading after the bell.AmEx's net income attributable to shareholders fell to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, in quarter ended March 31 from $1.39 billion, or $1.45 per share, a year earlier which included certain subsequently discontinued co-brand partnerships. Analysts on average had estimated a profit of $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S."Card Member spending grew 8 percent, adjusted for changes in foreign exchange rates and Costco-related business that was included in the prior year," Chief Executive Kenneth Chenault said in a statement. AmEx faces cut-throat competition, particularly for premium customers, as card issuers offer ever richer levels of rewards to acquire and keep customers. The company last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Citigroup Inc (C.N).It has also boosted spending on marketing and promotion efforts as well as on premium rewards for its customers, to hold back competition. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 20, 2017 03:00 am | Updated Date: Apr 20, 2017 03:00 am Also See Trump administration discussing military options on Syria: source | Reuters Roadside bomb kills 10 in Somalia's Lower Shabelle - military officer, residents | Reuters U.S.-educated Islamic State propagandist killed in Syria | Reuters UK could allow EU freedom of movement after Brexit, Boris Johnson says | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 20 KXIP Vs MI 2 Apr 21 KKR Vs GL 3 Apr 22 RPS Vs SRH 4 Apr 22 MI Vs DD 5 Apr 23 GL Vs KXIP Full Schedule Top Stories Kashmir unrest: Who is accountable for death of 2014's tranquility in the Valley? Indian-origin CEO May Spend Less Than a Month in Prison for 'Beating' Wife IPL 2017: Kane Williamson showed against DD why he can kill off teams just as effectively as David Warner Baahubali 2's Karnataka release in jeopardy; did trade disagreement snowball into political row? Should you invest in an active or passive fund? Petrol pumps to remain shut on Sundays: Fuel conscious? Or merely money-conscious? Babri Masjid case: BJP is with you, Amit Shah tells LK Advani after Supreme Court verdict Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs DEL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Delhi Daredevils by 15 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs BLR Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Gujarat Lions by 21 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PUN Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kings XI Punjab by 5 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Delhi Daredevils by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 27 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs GUJ Mumbai Indians beat Gujarat Lions by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs PUN Delhi Daredevils beat Kings XI Punjab by 51 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs HYD Kolkata Knight Riders beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 17 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs PNE Gujarat Lions beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs MUM - Apr 20th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs GUJ - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs HYD - Apr 22nd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs DEL - Apr 22nd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs PUN - Apr 23rd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs BLR - Apr 23rd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs PNE - Apr 24th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs HYD - Apr 25th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs KOL - Apr 26th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India IPL 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg AmEx’s Richer Rewards, Marketing Fuel Revenue After Costco Loss by Jennifer Surane @jennysurane More stories by Jennifer Surane April 19, 2017, 4:30 PM EDT April 19, 2017, 5:32 PM EDT Lender parted ways with largest co-brand partner last year Excluding Costco, revenue climbed 6.2% from a year earlier American Express Co. just proved there’s life beyond Costco. The largest U.S. credit-card issuer by purchases reported surprisingly strong first-quarter revenue on Wednesday -- evidence that sweeter rewards and a marketing campaign can help spur spending and blunt last year’s loss of a partnership with the warehouse retailer. AmEx’s stock rose in extended trading. While quarterly revenue slipped 2.5 percent to $7.89 billion, it still exceeded the average analyst estimate of $7.79 billion. Excluding Costco Wholesale Corp.’s contribution to year-earlier results, revenue rose 6.2 percent -- an acceleration from the fourth-quarter’s 5 percent growth rate. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Chief Executive Officer Ken Chenault, 65, stepped up spending on marketing last year and has sweetened rewards to keep customers after JPMorgan Chase & Co. introduced its Sapphire Reserve card in August, causing a temporary increase in attrition at AmEx. Those efforts, as well as a broader restructuring, aim to reinvigorate AmEx after its decision to part ways with Costco sparked the lender’s worst stock slump since the financial crisis. “The results reflect many of the investments we’ve been making to grow the business,” Chenault said Wednesday in a statement disclosing the figures. “The last couple of years have been an important transition period, and we’ve entered 2017 stronger, more focused and more resilient.” The lender climbed 2.1 percent to $77.18 at 5:01 p.m. in New York. Chenault’s Forecast Net income fell 13 percent to $1.23 billion. That amounted to $1.34 a share, beating the $1.27 average estimate of 26 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. Chenault said the quarter’s results make him confident the company can hit its target for earnings of $5.60 to $5.80 a share for the year. The firm spent a record $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter on marketing and promotional costs, and has said quarterly results will be uneven as it spends more on rewards and incentives to try to overcome the loss of Costco. Last month, it announced a redesign of its Platinum card, adding a $200 annual credit for Uber rides and boosting the card’s yearly fee. Read more: Stung by Sapphire, AmEx sweetens perks with Uber credit In the first quarter, total expenses climbed 1 percent to $5.5 billion, in line with analysts’ estimates. The lender’s rewards spending increased about 6 percent to $1.81 billion, offsetting a 4 percent drop in marketing and promotional expenses. The average discount rate, a measure of the fees AmEx charges merchants, increased to 2.45 percent from 2.44 percent in the prior quarter, the company said. Worldwide billed business, a measure of customer card spending, slipped one percent to $252.3 billion. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Ivanka Fights to Protect Her First Name A Look at the Ugly Side of Getting Rich Markets Start to Ponder the $13 Trillion Gorilla in the Room Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone’s 10th Anniversary Larry Fink: ‘Warning Signs Are Getting Darker’ for the U.S. Economy Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
≡ The Intercept_ English Português 🔍 Glenn Greenwald Unofficial Sources Robert Mackey Intercepted Podcast Features Documents About & Contacts ft© First Look Media. All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy Sitemap The Intercept_ Unofficial _Sources f t ✉ ⎕ 5 Photo: Todd Heisler/The New York Times/Redux Donald Trump Expected to Pick Shadow Banker for Key Position at the Fed David Dayen David Dayen 2017-04-19T20:47:07+00:00 Photo: Todd Heisler/The New York Times/Redux The Federal Reserve’s vice chair for supervision is arguably the most important financial regulator in the federal government. No agency has greater oversight responsibility of U.S. financial institutions than the Fed. And the vice chair influences what kinds of trades those institutions can make, how they must prepare for unexpected losses, and what punishment to mete out when banks fail to uphold the law. Hedge funds and private equity firms are sometimes called “shadow banks” because they exist outside the regulatory perimeter, even though they engage in bank-like lending and investment activities. They want to keep it that way. And President Trump’s expected nomination of Randal Quarles to the vice chair’s role is about as close a guarantee as the shadow banking sector can get that the feds won’t be bothering them any time soon. Quarles served two stints in the Treasury Department, under both Bush administrations, but afterward, he moved to the Carlyle Group, the $169 billion private equity giant. Quarles was part of the financial services team, which appears to be registered in the Cayman Islands tax haven. Randal K. Quarles attends a Senate Banking Committee hearing on hedge fund regulation in 2006 in Washington. Photo: Chris Kleponis/Bloomberg News/Getty Images At the time, Carlyle wanted to buy up small and mid-sized banks that failed after the housing bubble collapsed. This was a familiar vulture investor tactic: scoop up a distressed asset the government wants to unload, receive federal subsidies for the privilege, and spin the company out into a major gain. Carlyle raised $1.1 billion for this effort, and got the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to loosen rules that prevented private equity firms from controlling a commercial bank outright, rather than just owning a minority stake. Quarles was at the forefront of that effort, lobbying government officials and writing op-eds touting the concept of deregulation for private equity. In 2009, Carlyle purchased BankUnited, a Miami-based lender, with a consortium that included Wilbur Ross, the current commerce secretary. The FDIC gave the group a shared-loss agreement, reimbursing between 80-95 percent of the losses on $11.7 billion in distressed assets. So the government shouldered practically all the downside, while Carlyle and its partners enjoyed all the upside. The BankUnited consortium took $1.6 billion in shared-loss payments from the FDIC within two years. And then it cashed out through an IPO, more than doubling the investment for the private equity partners — while the government lost $5.2 billion in the second most-costly bank failure in history. The BankUnited deal, similar to what Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin got when a hedge fund consortium he led bought IndyMac and renamed it OneWest, illustrated “private equity’s ability to make a fortune off a government guarantee,” wrote Bethany MacLean in 2011. Quarles has also gone to bat for hedge funds. In 2006, while still at Treasury, he testified before Congress that hedge funds were unlikely to present a danger to financial markets, and that scrutiny from banks that invest in them was more useful than federal regulation of the industry. But this style of industry self-regulation failed in the notorious Bernie Madoff scandal, where JPMorgan Chase eventually paid $2 billion for ignoring the Ponzi scheme that wiped out investors. Currently, Quarles runs another private investment firm, The Cynosure Group, on behalf of a number of wealthy families. The Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation passed during the Obama administration did add a smidgen of transparency on private equity and hedge funds. Larger entities now have to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and smaller firms are now subject to state regulation. This created some record-keeping and reporting requirements, though there are a number of exceptions. The so-called “Volcker rule” also limited how much money investment banks can use to sponsor a hedge fund or private equity firm. Quarles, incidentally, opposes the Volcker rule. The SEC has used information from private equity firms to uncover significant fraud in how they charge unnecessary and illegal fees to investors. And House Republicans have consistently tried to roll back these rules. However, most observers believe that Dodd-Frank did not do enough to bring shadow banking under regulatory oversight, and indeed, the industry has grown significantly while out of that spotlight. “Reform needs to go further, yet we should be worried Quarles would move us backwards, given his extensive history and financial interests in the industry,” said Mike Konczal, a fellow at the Roosevelt Institute. At the Fed, Quarles would be able to prevent the designation of shadow bank investment funds as systemically important financial institutions, which face stronger regulation and capital requirements. Quarles could also play a strong role in overhauling the Volcker rule, potentially allowing shadow banks to suck up more money from other financial players. He would almost certainly be an evangelist for the industry from inside Washington. As Quarles told the Financial Times in 2008, “Private equity has become popular to demagogue unfairly but I don’t believe that politicians are succumbing to that temptation.” If confirmed, Quarles would also sit on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, helping guide decisions about interest-rate policy. His wife is the granddaughter of New Deal-era Fed chair Marriner Eccles, after whom the building Quarles would work in is named. Top photo: A street in New York’s financial district on March 29, 2017. Contact the author: David Dayen✉david.dayen@​gmail.comt@ddayen ˅ ⎕ 5 Comments The Intercept_ Newsletter D × ✓ Weekly Digest ✓ Breaking Stories and Exclusives ⟶ Email list managed by MailChimp Filters SVG
