Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Capita PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capita PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Capita PLC (CPI) Posted by William Strong on Mar 23rd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Capita PLC (LON: CPI): 3/22/2017 – Capita PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 3/21/2017 – Capita PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 535 ($6.61) to GBX 550 ($6.79). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Capita PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 500 ($6.18) price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Capita PLC had its price target raised by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 500 ($6.18) to GBX 590 ($7.29). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/13/2017 – Capita PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 500 ($6.18) price target on the stock. 3/6/2017 – Capita PLC had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 525 ($6.48) price target on the stock. 3/3/2017 – Capita PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 510 ($6.30) price target on the stock. 3/2/2017 – Capita PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 3/2/2017 – Capita PLC had its “reduce” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 466 ($5.76) price target on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Capita PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 550 ($6.79) price target on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Capita PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Panmure Gordon. They now have a GBX 440 ($5.43) price target on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Capita PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 510 ($6.30) price target on the stock. 2/21/2017 – Capita PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. They now have a GBX 514 ($6.35) price target on the stock. 2/21/2017 – Capita PLC had its “reduce” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 466 ($5.76) price target on the stock. 2/21/2017 – Capita PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 685 ($8.46) price target on the stock. 2/14/2017 – Capita PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 510 ($6.30) price target on the stock. 2/13/2017 – Capita PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 2/13/2017 – Capita PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 550 ($6.79) price target on the stock. 1/30/2017 – Capita PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 550 ($6.79) price target on the stock. 1/24/2017 – Capita PLC had its “reduce” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 466 ($5.76) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 479 ($5.92). 1/23/2017 – Capita PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 550 ($6.79) price target on the stock. Capita PLC (LON:CPI) traded down 1.06% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 560.50. The company had a trading volume of 2,367,158 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 533.19 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 604.02. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.73 billion. Capita PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 431.30 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,101.00. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be given a dividend of GBX 20.60 ($0.25) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 4.01%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 25th. This is a positive change from Capita PLC’s previous dividend of $11.10. In other Capita PLC news, insider Chris Sellers sold 4,067 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 567 ($7.00), for a total transaction of £23,059.89 ($28,479.55). Insiders have acquired 100 shares of company stock valued at $50,672 in the last 90 days. Capita PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which creates and delivers services in business process management. The Company’s segments include Digital & Software Solutions, Integrated Services, Local Government, Property & Health, Workplace Services, IT Enterprise Services, Asset Services, Customer Management, Capita Europe and Insurance & Benefits Services. Receive News & Ratings for Capita PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capita PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) CEO Sells $47,803.21 in Stock Next » Investors Sell Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) on Strength Following Insider Selling Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Steel Dynamics Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Steel Dynamics Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Steel Dynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ:STLD)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Wednesday. They currently have a $44.00 price target on the stock, up from their prior price target of $41.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 26.44% from the stock’s previous close. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Steel Dynamics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Macquarie cut Steel Dynamics from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $35.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. Deutsche Bank AG set a $42.00 target price on Steel Dynamics and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $45.00 target price (up previously from $32.00) on shares of Steel Dynamics in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a $40.00 target price on Steel Dynamics and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Sunday, January 29th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Steel Dynamics has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $35.08. Steel Dynamics (NASDAQ:STLD) traded up 2.50% on Wednesday, hitting $34.80. 2,540,780 shares of the stock were exchanged. Steel Dynamics has a 52 week low of $21.57 and a 52 week high of $40.17. The company’s 50-day moving average is $35.61 and its 200-day moving average is $32.22. The company has a market cap of $8.43 billion, a PE ratio of 22.31 and a beta of 1.35. Steel Dynamics (NASDAQ:STLD) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.43. Steel Dynamics had a return on equity of 17.30% and a net margin of 4.91%. The business earned $1.91 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.88 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.09 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 20.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Steel Dynamics will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 10th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a $0.155 dividend. This is a positive change from Steel Dynamics’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.14. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.62 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.78%. Steel Dynamics’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 35.90%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/22/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-overweight-rating-for-steel-dynamics-inc-stld.html. In related news, Director Richard P. Teets, Jr. sold 140,295 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.64, for a total value of $5,000,113.80. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 5,042,939 shares in the company, valued at approximately $179,730,345.96. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 4.10% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vident Investment Advisory LLC increased its stake in shares of Steel Dynamics by 3.6% in the fourth quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC now owns 90,677 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,226,000 after buying an additional 3,126 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Steel Dynamics during the fourth quarter valued at about $213,607,000. Putnam Investments LLC increased its stake in shares of Steel Dynamics by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 170,601 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,070,000 after buying an additional 435 shares in the last quarter. Sandler Capital Management acquired a new stake in shares of Steel Dynamics during the fourth quarter valued at about $11,805,000. Finally, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main acquired a new stake in shares of Steel Dynamics during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,779,000. 79.46% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Steel Dynamics Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Steel Dynamics Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Steel Dynamics Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 March 2017 by Military News Kimco Realty Announces Pricing of $400 million 3.800% Notes Due 2027 NEW HYDE PARK, N.Y.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Kimco Realty Corp. (NYSE:KIM) today announced its public offering of $400 million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2027 (the “Notes”) at a coupon of 3.800% per annum with an effective yield of 3.844%, maturing April 1, 2027. The offering is expected to settle on March 30, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The company intends to use the net proceeds of approximately $395.5 million for general corporate purposes, including to (i) pre-fund 2017 debt maturities, including $414 million of mortgage debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of 5.49%, and (ii) partially reduce borrowings (of which $420 million were outstanding as of February 1, 2017) under the company’s revolving credit facility maturing in March 2021 (subject to two six-month extension options), which borrowings bear interest at a rate of one-month LIBOR plus 0.875% (1.595% as of February 1, 2017). Barclays Capital Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. served as the joint book-running managers for the Notes. Mizuho Securities USA Inc. and TD Securities (USA) LLC served as the senior co-managers for the Notes. BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, CIBC World Markets Corp., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and UBS Securities LLC served as the co-managers for the Notes. The offering was made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement, prospectus and related prospectus supplement. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the base prospectus, when available, may be obtained by contacting Barclays Capital Inc. at Barclays Capital Inc. c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com, 1-888-603-5847; Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005-2836, or by calling toll free at (800) 503-4611 or by emailing prospectus.CPDG@db.com; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk – 3rd floor, Telephone: (212) 834-4533, Facsimile: (212) 834-6081. Investors may also obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. About Kimco Kimco Realty Corp. (NYSE:KIM) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) headquartered in New Hyde Park, N.Y., that is one of the nation’s largest publicly-traded owners and operators of open-air shopping centers. As of December 31, 2016, the company had interests in 525 shopping center properties comprising 85.4 million square feet of gross leasable area, located in 34 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. Publicly traded on the NYSE since 1991, and included in the S&P 500 Index, the company has specialized in shopping center acquisitions, development and management for more than 50 years. Safe Harbor Statement The statements in this press release state the company’s and management’s intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future and are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, (i) general adverse economic and local real estate conditions, (ii) the inability of major tenants to continue paying their rent obligations due to bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business, (iii) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt or other sources of financing or refinancing on favorable terms to the company, (iv) the company’s ability to raise capital by selling its assets, (v) changes in governmental laws and regulations, (vi) the level and volatility of interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates and management’s ability to estimate the impact thereof, (vii) risks related to the company’s international operations, (viii) the availability of suitable acquisition, disposition, development and redevelopment opportunities, and risks related to acquisitions not performing in accordance with the company’s expectations, (ix) valuation and risks related to the company’s joint venture and preferred equity investments, (x) valuation of marketable securities and other investments, (xi) increases in operating costs, (xii) changes in the dividend policy for the company’s common stock, (xiii) the reduction in the company’s income in the event of multiple lease terminations by tenants or a failure by multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center, (xiv) impairment charges and (xv) unanticipated changes in the company’s intention or ability to prepay certain debt prior to maturity and/or hold certain securities until maturity. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the company’s SEC filings. Copies of each filing may be obtained from the company or the SEC. The company refers you to the documents filed by the company from time to time with the SEC, specifically the sections titled “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement and prospectus relating to the Notes and in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as may be updated or supplemented in the company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and the company’s other filings with the SEC, which discuss these and other factors that could adversely affect the company’s results. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, base, Books, Business, commission, Companies, company, division, general, major, Markets, Nation, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Sharjah ospita l’edizione del 2017 del Forum internazionale per la comunicazione con il governo Next PostNext Penn National Gaming Set to Join S&P SmallCap 600 Search Recent Posts EMA accepterer Lundbecks og Otsukas ansøgning om brexpiprazol til behandling af voksne patienter med skizofreni Lundbeck and Otsuka’s brexpiprazole for adult patients with schizophrenia accepted for review by EMA Indkaldelse til ordinær generalforsamling Topdanmark’s holding of own shares exceeds 10% Topdanmarks beholdning af egne aktier er over 10 % Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Kimco Realty Announces Pricing of $400 million 3.800% Notes Due 2027 March 22, 2017 06:16 PM Eastern Daylight Time NEW HYDE PARK, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kimco Realty Corp. (NYSE:KIM) today announced its public offering of $400 million aggregate principal amount of notes due 2027 (the “Notes”) at a coupon of 3.800% per annum with an effective yield of 3.844%, maturing April 1, 2027. The offering is expected to settle on March 30, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The company intends to use the net proceeds of approximately $395.5 million for general corporate purposes, including to (i) pre-fund 2017 debt maturities, including $414 million of mortgage debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of 5.49%, and (ii) partially reduce borrowings (of which $420 million were outstanding as of February 1, 2017) under the company’s revolving credit facility maturing in March 2021 (subject to two six-month extension options), which borrowings bear interest at a rate of one-month LIBOR plus 0.875% (1.595% as of February 1, 2017). Barclays Capital Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. served as the joint book-running managers for the Notes. Mizuho Securities USA Inc. and TD Securities (USA) LLC served as the senior co-managers for the Notes. BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, CIBC World Markets Corp., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Securities LLC, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and UBS Securities LLC served as the co-managers for the Notes. The offering was made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement, prospectus and related prospectus supplement. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the base prospectus, when available, may be obtained by contacting Barclays Capital Inc. at Barclays Capital Inc. c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com, 1-888-603-5847; Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005-2836, or by calling toll free at (800) 503-4611 or by emailing prospectus.CPDG@db.com; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk – 3rd floor, Telephone: (212) 834-4533, Facsimile: (212) 834-6081. Investors may also obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. About Kimco Kimco Realty Corp. (NYSE:KIM) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) headquartered in New Hyde Park, N.Y., that is one of the nation’s largest publicly-traded owners and operators of open-air shopping centers. As of December 31, 2016, the company had interests in 525 shopping center properties comprising 85.4 million square feet of gross leasable area, located in 34 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. Publicly traded on the NYSE since 1991, and included in the S&P 500 Index, the company has specialized in shopping center acquisitions, development and management for more than 50 years. Safe Harbor Statement The statements in this press release state the company’s and management’s intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future and are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, (i) general adverse economic and local real estate conditions, (ii) the inability of major tenants to continue paying their rent obligations due to bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business, (iii) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt or other sources of financing or refinancing on favorable terms to the company, (iv) the company’s ability to raise capital by selling its assets, (v) changes in governmental laws and regulations, (vi) the level and volatility of interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates and management’s ability to estimate the impact thereof, (vii) risks related to the company’s international operations, (viii) the availability of suitable acquisition, disposition, development and redevelopment opportunities, and risks related to acquisitions not performing in accordance with the company’s expectations, (ix) valuation and risks related to the company’s joint venture and preferred equity investments, (x) valuation of marketable securities and other investments, (xi) increases in operating costs, (xii) changes in the dividend policy for the company’s common stock, (xiii) the reduction in the company’s income in the event of multiple lease terminations by tenants or a failure by multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center, (xiv) impairment charges and (xv) unanticipated changes in the company’s intention or ability to prepay certain debt prior to maturity and/or hold certain securities until maturity. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the company’s SEC filings. Copies of each filing may be obtained from the company or the SEC. The company refers you to the documents filed by the company from time to time with the SEC, specifically the sections titled “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement and prospectus relating to the Notes and in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as may be updated or supplemented in the company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and the company’s other filings with the SEC, which discuss these and other factors that could adversely affect the company’s results. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contacts Kimco Realty Corporation David F. Bujnicki, 1-866-831-4297 Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy dbujnicki@kimcorealty.com Contacts Kimco Realty Corporation David F. Bujnicki, 1-866-831-4297 Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy dbujnicki@kimcorealty.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 March 2017 by Military News Chase Merchant Services Names New Leader for Canada Business DALLAS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Rob Cameron has been named President of Chase Paymentech, the Canadian division of Merchant Services at JPMorgan Chase & Co. that provides merchant services to businesses of all sizes, from small to global enterprises. Cameron is a payments and fintech executive who joins Chase from Moneris Solutions, where he was the Chief Product and Marketing Officer and a member of their executive team. Prior to joining Moneris, he was Managing Director at ACI Worldwide where he was responsible for their North American merchant and processor divisions and managed ACI Canada. He will be in his new role in early April. “Rob is a phenomenal fit to lead our diverse and growing Canadian business,” said Matt Kane, Chief Executive Officer of Chase Merchant Services. “Rob is joining a very dynamic part of our business that powers payments and commerce and we look forward to working with him,” said David Rawlings, Senior Country Officer of J.P. Morgan in Canada. Cameron earned his degree in Administrative and Commercial Studies from Western University. He will be based in Toronto, where Chase Paymentech is headquartered. He is on the board of the Framework Foundation, a non-profit organization with a mission to creatively connect people with causes. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. About Chase Merchant Services Merchant Services is the global payment acceptance and merchant acquiring business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and a leading provider of payment, fraud management and data security solutions, capable of authorizing transactions in more than 130 currencies. JPMorgan Chase passed $1 trillion in merchant processing volume in 2016 and was ranked the world’s #1 wholly-owned merchant acquirer by volume by The Nilson Report. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, division, officer, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Longtime Medical Association Executive to Retire as CEO of International Medical Specialty Association Next PostNext Fulton Financial Corporation Invests in United Bancshares, Inc. Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Shire PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Shire PLC (SHP) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Shire PLC (LON:SHP) in a research report released on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a GBX 6,000 ($74.10) target price on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Several other equities research analysts have also commented on SHP. Deutsche Bank AG restated a buy rating and set a GBX 6,300 ($77.81) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Bryan, Garnier & Co restated a buy rating and set a GBX 6,800 ($83.98) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Monday, December 5th. BNP Paribas restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 5,900 ($72.87) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Liberum Capital restated a buy rating and set a GBX 5,500 ($67.93) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a buy rating and set a GBX 6,600 ($81.51) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 6,115.60 ($75.53). Shire PLC (LON:SHP) traded down 0.91% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 4638.00. 1,937,293 shares of the company traded hands. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 41.87 billion. Shire PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 2,707.19 and a 12 month high of GBX 5,377.00. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 4,740.68 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 4,766.67. Your IP Address: The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 9th will be paid a dividend of GBX 20.64 ($0.25) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 9th. This represents a dividend yield of 0.43%. This is an increase from Shire PLC’s previous dividend of $3.51. About Shire PLC Shire plc is a biotech company focused on serving people with rare diseases and other specialized conditions. The Company’s segment is engaged in research, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of specialist medicines. It focuses its development resources on projects in various therapeutic areas (TAs), including Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, Hematology, Oncology, Immunology, Gastrointestinal (GI)/Metabolic/Endocrinology Diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Shire PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Persimmon plc (PSN) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Morgan Stanley Next » Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business City watchdog wins legal battle with 'London Whale' executive Wall Street giant JP Morgan was embroiled in the London Whale scandal in 2012. Ben Martin, banking correspondent 22 March 2017 • 3:53pm The City regulator has won a protracted legal battle with an ex JP Morgan executive caught up in the “London Whale” controversy who had argued the watchdog had wrongfully identified him when it fined the Wall Street bank £138m. In a ruling that could prove important for other cases brought against the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the Supreme Court said that the financial watchdog had not provided information that would have made Achilles Macris identifiable to the general public. The judgement overturned previous rulings from the Court of Appeal and Upper Tribunal. The FCA did not name Mr Macris - the executive in charge of Bruno Iksil, the trader nicknamed the “London Whale” - in the public notice it issued when it fined JP Morgan for the controversy in 2013 but instead referred to failures made by “CIO London management”. The “London Whale” trading scandal saw JP Morgan hit with $6.2bn of losses and fined more than $1bn in total by American and British regulators. The FCA does not provide names of third-party individuals in its notices and if people are identified the regulator must give them the opportunity to respond to the allegations it has made. Mr Macris had argued that he was recognisable from the label given to him by the FCA because he led the bank’s chief investment office in London. However, Lord Sumption said today that a person “is not identified in a notice simply because information is available in the public domain”. He said that the label CIO London was “not sufficiently precise expression”. JPMorgan was was fined over $1bn by regulators investigating the scandal It is a potentially a significant ruling because other traders are suing the regulator over the issue of identification, including former Deutsche Bank star Christian Bittar. Mr Bittar has contended that he was improperly identified when the FCA settled with Germany’s biggest lender over Libor rigging in 2015. A spokesman for the FCA said the regulator “is pleased there is now a final ruling on the issue and is considering the impact of the Supreme Court's judgment on the other third party references currently before the Tribunal”. Mr Macris was fined £792,900 last year by the FCA for failing to "communicate openly" with regulators investigating the “London Whale” trades. He said today that he was “naturally disappointed” with the Supreme Court’s decision. “The FCA has won its case on a technical interpretation of the law,” Mr Macris said, in a statement issued by his law firm Clifford Chance. “Although the Supreme Court has ruled that I was not identified, the reality is that the FCA’s final notice to JP Morgan made findings about my conduct which the FCA had to retract. “That is wrong and unfair. It should be no excuse for the FCA to say that it doesn’t matter because I was not identified within the meaning of the act.” Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn READ MORE ABOUT: JP Morgan Banks and Finance Show more Business latest 23 Mar 2017, 1:15pm City regulator reopens probe into Qatar's crisis-era rescue of Barclays 23 Mar 2017, 1:08pm Profits rise at construction group Kier despite fears of rising costs 23 Mar 2017, 12:40pm Eddie Stobart trucks back to the stock market with £550m Aim float 23 Mar 2017, 11:52am Twitter brings IBM's AI machine Watson on board to fight abuse 23 Mar 2017, 11:38am Exporters enjoying Brexit ‘sweet spot’ from weak pound, says Bank of England deputy Governor 23 Mar 2017, 10:00am Retail sales bounce back as British shoppers return to the high street 23 Mar 2017, 9:38am Next shares soar despite first drop in profits for eight years 23 Mar 2017, 9:29am When does the old £5 note expire and should you spend them now? 23 Mar 2017, 8:28am Ted Baker defies retail gloom with rising sales and profits 23 Mar 2017, 6:52am Questor: Anthony Bolton’s old trust has doubled in three years but the discount is still 14pc Premium 01:15 23 Mar 2017, 6:00am How the value of the pound affects you 23 Mar 2017, 6:00am Comment: American strategic decline is a myth Donald Trump continues to peddle Ambrose Evans-Pritchard Premium 23 Mar 2017, 12:01am First Utility branches into broadband as multi-utility market heats up 23 Mar 2017, 12:01am MPs warn system for preventing cyber attacks against banks needs to be overhauled in wake of Tesco hack 22 Mar 2017, 10:00pm Business that aims to make a lasting difference 22 Mar 2017, 9:00pm Government's pledge to cut energy prices risks leaving consumers worse off, ex-regulators warn 22 Mar 2017, 9:00pm Comment: We must resist the temptation to intervene on energy prices  Stephen Littlechild Premium 22 Mar 2017, 8:14pm Comment: Theresa May's Tories are the real centrists that a new age SDP could never defeat  Allister Heath Premium 22 Mar 2017, 6:57pm Comment: Kingfisher turnaround plan lost in translation Ashley Armstrong Premium 22 Mar 2017, 6:38pm Guardian to press ahead with compulsory redundancies for first time amid continued losses 22 Mar 2017, 6:28pm Pelvic floor exercise device maker Elvie receives £6m funding to launch more products If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: SPX Co. (SPXC) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Aceto Co. (ACET) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Noah Holdings Limited (NOAH) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Brokerages Insider Selling: Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc (DPH) Insider Sells 3,500 Shares of Stock Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Insider Sells C$8,754,000.00 in Stock David F. Burgstahler Sells 3,000,000 Shares of Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Stock Centrica PLC (CNA) Receives “Underperform” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Whitman Howard Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Carr's Group PLC (CARR) Plantronics Inc (PLT) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Vesuvius Plc (VSVS) Brokers Set Expectations for Continental Resources, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CLR) Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Earns Outperform Rating from Leerink Swann ARC Document Solutions Inc (ARC) Earns “Buy” Rating from B. Riley Booz Allen Hamilton Holding’s (BAH) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Vertical Group Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Receives $1,792.79 Average Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set MeetMe Inc (MEET) PT at $8.70 Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €7.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts FedEx Co. (FDX) Price Target to $236.00 March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) had its price target hoisted by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $236.00 in a research note issued on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target suggests a potential upside of 23.02% from the stock’s current price. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG increased their price objective on shares of FedEx to $219.00 in a report on Wednesday. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on shares of FedEx in a report on Thursday, November 24th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Vetr raised shares of FedEx from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $206.69 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $200.00 price objective on shares of FedEx in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Aegis initiated coverage on shares of FedEx in a report on Friday, December 23rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $215.00 price objective on the stock. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have issued a buy rating to the company. FedEx presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $201.48. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) opened at 191.84 on Wednesday. FedEx has a 1-year low of $145.00 and a 1-year high of $201.57. The company’s 50 day moving average is $192.00 and its 200-day moving average is $184.10. The stock has a market capitalization of $51.13 billion, a PE ratio of 28.19 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 21st. The shipping service provider reported $2.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.27. The company had revenue of $15 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15 billion. FedEx had a net margin of 3.35% and a return on equity of 22.02%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 18.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $2.51 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that FedEx will post $12.00 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 13th will be given a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.83%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 9th. FedEx’s dividend payout ratio is presently 23.46%. Your IP Address: In other FedEx news, EVP Robert B. Carter sold 34,580 shares of FedEx stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $191.22, for a total transaction of $6,612,387.60. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,062 shares in the company, valued at $14,735,795.64. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO David J. Bronczek sold 36,529 shares of FedEx stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $192.08, for a total transaction of $7,016,490.32. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 83,716 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,080,169.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 8.67% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 21.1% in the third quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 597 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 104 shares in the last quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 15.0% in the third quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 652 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Brick & Kyle Associates boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 2.2% in the third quarter. Brick & Kyle Associates now owns 664 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. Coconut Grove Bank boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 2.2% in the third quarter. Coconut Grove Bank now owns 758 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $133,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Ancora Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of FedEx during the fourth quarter worth $157,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 75.22% of the company’s stock. FedEx Company Profile FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 1-UK regulator wins landmark Supreme Court identity case Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Mar 22, 2017 | 9:14am EDT UPDATE 1-UK regulator wins landmark Supreme Court identity case * FCA "pleased" as ruling overturns Court of Appeal decision * Decision could have ramifications for seven similar cases * Macris disappointed with "technical interpretation" of law * Regulatory efficiency trumps individual reputation-lawyer (Adds lawyer comments, details) By Kirstin Ridley LONDON, March 22 Britain's markets watchdog did not wrongfully identify a former JPMorgan executive in the "London Whale" scandal, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday in a landmark case that endorses a regulatory policy of speedy corporate settlements. The majority ruling by the UK's highest court overturned a Court of Appeal decision that the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) identified Achilles Macris, without naming him, when it fined JPMorgan 138 million pounds ($172 million) in 2013. It could also have ramifications for seven other cases in which traders say they were criticised in FCA penalty notices but not given the chance to contest findings before these were published. However, each case turns on its own facts. "(This) will do little to check the perceived tendency on the part of the regulator and firms to reach swift settlements in which the underlying facts are not subject to rigorous challenge, at the expense of procedural rights for individuals caught up in regulatory investigations," said Hannah Laming, a lawyer at Peters & Peters. But the ruling is a relief for the FCA, which faced either the prospect of publishing blander penalty notices or longer and costlier investigations that allowed individuals to make legal representations before publishing the facts of a case. "The FCA is pleased that there is now a final ruling and is considering the impact of the Supreme Court's judgment on other third party (prejudice cases) currently before the tribunal," a FCA spokeswoman said. The case hinges on the legal definition of identification. Individuals who are identified in penalty notices have a right to respond before notices are published, can refer adverse comment to a tribunal and ask the FCA to disclose relevant material. So FCA enforcement notices often refer to individuals as "Trader A" or "Manager B" to illustrate wrongdoing. Former Deutsche Bank trader Christian Bittar is among those to argue he was also wrongfully identified when the FCA fined the German bank in a rate rigging investigation in 2015. Bittar's lawyer said he was still considering the judgment and declined to comment further. "NATURALLY DISAPPOINTED" Macris was the former chief investment officer of JPMorgan's synthetic credit portfolio team in London, which ran up $6.2 billion in losses in 2012 in the "London Whale" trades, so-called because of their magnitude. The bank was fined $1.0 billion by U.S. and UK regulators for management failings. The Greek national, who has spent more than four years trying to clear his name, argued that the FCA's reference in its JPMorgan penalty notice to "CIO London management" referred to a particular individual and not to a body of people. Macris said he was "naturally disappointed" and that the FCA had won its case on a technical interpretation of the law. The case turned partly on whether the principle of identification should be broadened beyond the use of proper names or unique job titles, as financial services employees can be more easily identified by peers than ordinary people. Defence lawyers say the regulatory policy of publicly criticising unnamed individuals in speedy corporate settlements means people who face later investigation are often already defined by a process that can be unfair or unbalanced. "The judgment is a triumph of regulatory efficiency over individual reputation," said Harvey Knight, a lawyer at Withers Worldwide. ($1 = 0.8009 pounds) (Reporting by Kirstin Ridley; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle and Susan Thomas) Next In Market News BRIEF-Interpace Diagnostics reports agreement to restructure debt * Interpace Diagnostics Group announces agreements to successfully restructure debt and terminate royalty and milestone obligations BRIEF-Ringcentral announces new European offering * Ringcentral office extends presence to 13 European countries with in-country purchasing capability and Euro billing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Attack outside UK parliament Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UK regulator wins landmark Supreme Court identity case By Reuters Published: 09:18 EDT, 22 March 2017 | Updated: 09:18 EDT, 22 March 2017 e-mail By Kirstin Ridley LONDON, March 22 (Reuters) - Britain's markets watchdog did not wrongfully identify a former JPMorgan executive in the "London Whale" scandal, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday in a landmark case that endorses a regulatory policy of speedy corporate settlements. The majority ruling by the UK's highest court overturned a Court of Appeal decision that the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) identified Achilles Macris, without naming him, when it fined JPMorgan 138 million pounds ($172 million) in 2013. It could also have ramifications for seven other cases in which traders say they were criticised in FCA penalty notices but not given the chance to contest findings before these were published. However, each case turns on its own facts. "(This) will do little to check the perceived tendency on the part of the regulator and firms to reach swift settlements in which the underlying facts are not subject to rigorous challenge, at the expense of procedural rights for individuals caught up in regulatory investigations," said Hannah Laming, a lawyer at Peters &amp; Peters. But the ruling is a relief for the FCA, which faced either the prospect of publishing blander penalty notices or longer and costlier investigations that allowed individuals to make legal representations before publishing the facts of a case. "The FCA is pleased that there is now a final ruling and is considering the impact of the Supreme Court's judgment on other third party (prejudice cases) currently before the tribunal," a FCA spokeswoman said. The case hinges on the legal definition of identification. Individuals who are identified in penalty notices have a right to respond before notices are published, can refer adverse comment to a tribunal and ask the FCA to disclose relevant material. So FCA enforcement notices often refer to individuals as "Trader A" or "Manager B" to illustrate wrongdoing. Former Deutsche Bank trader Christian Bittar is among those to argue he was also wrongfully identified when the FCA fined the German bank in a rate rigging investigation in 2015. Bittar's lawyer said he was still considering the judgment and declined to comment further. "NATURALLY DISAPPOINTED" Macris was the former chief investment officer of JPMorgan's synthetic credit portfolio team in London, which ran up $6.2 billion in losses in 2012 in the "London Whale" trades, so-called because of their magnitude. The bank was fined $1.0 billion by U.S. and UK regulators for management failings. The Greek national, who has spent more than four years trying to clear his name, argued that the FCA's reference in its JPMorgan penalty notice to "CIO London management" referred to a particular individual and not to a body of people. Macris said he was "naturally disappointed" and that the FCA had won its case on a technical interpretation of the law. The case turned partly on whether the principle of identification should be broadened beyond the use of proper names or unique job titles, as financial services employees can be more easily identified by peers than ordinary people. Defence lawyers say the regulatory policy of publicly criticising unnamed individuals in speedy corporate settlements means people who face later investigation are often already defined by a process that can be unfair or unbalanced. "The judgment is a triumph of regulatory efficiency over individual reputation," said Harvey Knight, a lawyer at Withers Worldwide. ($1 = 0.8009 pounds) (Reporting by Kirstin Ridley; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle and Susan Thomas) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Price Target Cut to $18.00 March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) had its price target lowered by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $18.00 in a research report issued on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 24.48% from the company’s current price. A number of other brokerages have also issued reports on PEI. Stifel Nicolaus lowered shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $27.00 to $22.00 in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Barclays PLC restated an “underweight” rating and set a $16.00 target price (down previously from $20.00) on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $21.43. Shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) opened at 14.46 on Wednesday. The firm’s market cap is $1.00 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of $16.51 and a 200-day moving average of $19.39. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a one year low of $14.32 and a one year high of $25.67. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.42. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative net margin of 6.65% and a negative return on equity of 3.62%. The firm had revenue of $104.86 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $63.37 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.58 EPS. The business’s revenue was down 10.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.15) EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st were issued a dividend of $0.21 per share. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 5.81%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, February 27th. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -133.33%. Your IP Address: Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. US Bancorp DE increased its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 364.1% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,854 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 3,808 shares during the period. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. increased its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 56.0% in the fourth quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 8,358 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the period. Independent Order of Foresters increased its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 108.7% in the fourth quarter. Independent Order of Foresters now owns 9,291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $176,000 after buying an additional 4,840 shares during the period. Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees purchased a new stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter worth $180,000. Finally, Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc purchased a new stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter worth $200,000. 93.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Company Profile Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is an integrated, self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company has a primary investment focus on retail shopping malls located in the eastern half of the United States. It is engaged in the ownership, management, leasing, acquisition, redevelopment, development and disposition of shopping malls. Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Close Brothers Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Roth Capital Research Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Consolidated Water Co. Ltd. (CWCO) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank of America Corp Reiterates €14.80 Price Target for Engie SA (GSZ) Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) First Republic Bank (FRC) Receives $93.10 Consensus PT from Brokerages Total SA (TOT) Short Interest Up 43.4% in February Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) Short Interest Up 40.1% in February RingCentral Inc (RNG) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Citigroup Inc Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Kingfisher plc (KGF) Sandvik AB (SDVKY) Rating Increased to Equal Weight at Barclays PLC Hikma Pharmaceutic (HKMPF) Cut to Reduce at HSBC Holdings plc Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research John Wood Group PLC (WG) Receives GBX 797.09 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages GATX Co. (GATX) Receives $52.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Analysts Set Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Target Price at $227.17 Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBA) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.27 Per Share Empire Resources Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.04 (ers) Jefferies Group LLC Upgrades Valeo, SA (VLEEY) to Hold Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,780 March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) had its price target increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,650 ($20.38) to GBX 1,780 ($21.98) in a report issued on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a  overweight rating on the stock. Several other research firms also recently issued reports on CBG. Barclays PLC restated an equal weight rating and set a GBX 1,550 ($19.14) price objective on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Liberum Capital reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 1,400 ($17.29) price target on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,779 ($21.97) price target on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Peel Hunt reiterated an add rating and issued a GBX 1,600 ($19.76) price target on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a hold rating on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 1,557.22 ($19.23). Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) opened at 1533.00 on Friday. Close Brothers Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 975.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,593.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.28 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,507.03 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,420.53. Your IP Address: The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be issued a GBX 20 ($0.25) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a yield of 1.28%. In related news, insider Rebekah Etherington sold 966 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,434 ($17.71), for a total value of £13,852.44 ($17,108.11). Also, insider Elizabeth Lee sold 6,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,557 ($19.23), for a total transaction of £93,420 ($115,376.07). About Close Brothers Group plc Close Brothers Group plc is a merchant banking company. The Company provides lending, deposit taking, wealth management services and securities trading. The Company operates through three segments: Banking, Securities and Asset Management. The Banking segment provides lending to small businesses and individuals, with an emphasis on specialist finance. Receive News & Ratings for Close Brothers Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mantech International Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mantech International Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Power Co. of Canada (POW) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Friday Aura Minerals Inc. (ORA) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Friday Viking Therapeutics Inc (VKTX) Releases Earnings Results Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Issues FY18 Earnings Guidance Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Recro Pharma Inc (REPH) to Hold Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) Given a €12.90 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) PT Set at €11.50 by Societe Generale Transocean LTD (RIG) PT Lowered to $13.00 Deutsche Bank AG Lowers Macerich Co (MAC) Price Target to $65.00 Cormark Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Jamba, Inc. to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.17 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (JMBA) Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 24th Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Given Average Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Set $7.50 Target Price for PC Tel Inc (PCTI) Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Myokardia Inc (MYOK) Insider Sells 667 Shares of Stock Andrew Koven Sells 7,025 Shares of Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) Stock Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) CEO Sells $112,365.00 in Stock Harry Fleming Purchases 25,000 Shares of Nobilis Health Corp (NHC) Stock A.R.T. Advisors LLC Takes Position in Mantech International Corp (MANT) March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet A.R.T. Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm acquired 4,800 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $202,000. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Mantech International Corp by 144.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 57,028 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,149,000 after buying an additional 33,675 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Mantech International Corp by 9.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,016,881 shares of the company’s stock worth $76,016,000 after buying an additional 174,885 shares during the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Mantech International Corp by 5.7% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,227,366 shares of the company’s stock worth $46,259,000 after buying an additional 66,471 shares during the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System raised its stake in shares of Mantech International Corp by 3.7% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 44,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,681,000 after buying an additional 1,600 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Mantech International Corp by 2.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 123,712 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,662,000 after buying an additional 3,459 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 62.93% of the company’s stock. Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT) opened at 35.08 on Wednesday. Mantech International Corp has a 52-week low of $30.49 and a 52-week high of $45.52. The stock has a market cap of $1.36 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.85 and a beta of 1.35. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $37.58 and its 200-day moving average is $39.95. Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.35. Mantech International Corp had a net margin of 3.51% and a return on equity of 4.70%. The business earned $394.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $399.58 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.37 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Mantech International Corp will post $1.47 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 24th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th will be issued a dividend of $0.21 per share. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.39%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 8th. Mantech International Corp’s payout ratio is 28.19%. Your IP Address: MANT has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. TheStreet lowered shares of Mantech International Corp from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Mantech International Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. Maxim Group upgraded shares of Mantech International Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated an “underperform” rating and set a $30.00 price objective on shares of Mantech International Corp in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Loop Capital initiated coverage on shares of Mantech International Corp in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. They set a “hold” rating and a $42.00 price objective for the company. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $40.40. In other news, insider L. William Varner sold 12,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.18, for a total transaction of $452,250.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 12,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $452,250. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, COO Kevin M. Phillips sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.96, for a total transaction of $539,400.00. Following the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 32,656 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,174,309.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 22.28% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Mantech International Corp Company Profile ManTech International Corporation is a provider of technologies and solutions for national security programs for the intelligence community; the departments of Defense, State, Homeland Security, Health and Human Services, Veterans Affairs and Justice, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI); the space community, and other United States Government customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MANT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT). Receive News & Ratings for Mantech International Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mantech International Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing OSI Systems Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for OSI Systems Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Posted by William Strong on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Envestnet Asset Management Inc. decreased its stake in shares of OSI Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSIS) by 15.7% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 5,587 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,037 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in OSI Systems were worth $426,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of OSI Systems during the third quarter valued at about $20,679,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 41.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 49,193 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,216,000 after buying an additional 14,380 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 9.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,213,852 shares of the company’s stock valued at $79,362,000 after buying an additional 106,576 shares during the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 0.5% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 327,090 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,385,000 after buying an additional 1,685 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of OSI Systems during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,728,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 95.42% of the company’s stock. Shares of OSI Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSIS) opened at 71.00 on Wednesday. OSI Systems, Inc. has a one year low of $48.76 and a one year high of $81.55. The company has a market capitalization of $1.36 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 67.23 and a beta of 0.77. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $74.81 and a 200-day moving average of $72.09. OSI Systems (NASDAQ:OSIS) last released its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.68 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.61 by $0.07. The company earned $242.55 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $232.98 million. OSI Systems had a net margin of 2.32% and a return on equity of 8.41%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 22.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.42 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that OSI Systems, Inc. will post $2.88 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: OSIS has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of OSI Systems from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $89.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $87.00 target price on shares of OSI Systems in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $79.83. In related news, insider Manoocher M. Aliabadi sold 3,538 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $75.47, for a total value of $267,012.86. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 55,173 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,163,906.31. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 7.50% of the company’s stock. OSI Systems Company Profile OSI Systems, Inc, through its subsidiaries, is a vertically integrated designer and manufacturer of specialized electronic systems and components for critical applications. The Company sells its products and provides related services in diversified markets, including homeland security, healthcare, defense and aerospace. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding OSIS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for OSI Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSIS). Receive News & Ratings for OSI Systems Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for OSI Systems Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $440,000 Stake in NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Next » Liberty Global plc – Class C (LILAK) Stake Lowered by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Maintains Position in Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) UniFirst Corp (UNF) Position Held by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Five Below Inc (FIVE) Position Held by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Cuts Position in Golar LNG Limited (GLNG) Oneok Partners LP (OKS) Position Raised by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Reduces Position in FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Community Health Systems (CYH) Shares Bought by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Has $445,000 Stake in AAR Corp. (AIR) Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,780 Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Forecasted to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.43 Per Share (WRE) Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Reduces Stake in Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Has $265,000 Position in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Stake Boosted by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Acquires New Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) 2,600 Shares in UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC A.R.T. Advisors LLC Takes Position in Mantech International Corp (MANT) 7,500 Shares in ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 137,920 Shares of Harman International Industries Inc (HAR) Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Bonds Drop 1.5% During Trading FY2017 EPS Estimates for TESARO Inc Cut by Wedbush (TSRO) Aviva plc (AV) PT Raised to GBX 589 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aviva plc (LON:AV) had its target price upped by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 582 ($7.19) to GBX 589 ($7.27) in a report released on Thursday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has an overweight rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on AV. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 525 ($6.48) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Monday, February 20th. Barclays PLC boosted their target price on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 470 ($5.80) to GBX 477 ($5.89) and gave the company an equal weight rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Macquarie reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 427 ($5.27) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a buy rating on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 500 ($6.18) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 522.20 ($6.45). Aviva plc (LON:AV) opened at 528.50 on Thursday. Aviva plc has a 1-year low of GBX 290.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 570.50. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 21.45 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 509.54 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 471.43. Your IP Address: In other Aviva plc news, insider Adrian Montague bought 9,303 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 9th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 535 ($6.61) per share, with a total value of £49,771.05 ($61,468.51). Over the last ninety days, insiders have purchased 9,363 shares of company stock worth $5,007,647. Aviva plc Company Profile Aviva plc is the holding company of the Aviva Group. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. The Company’s segments include UK & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia, and Aviva Investors. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lonmin Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lonmin Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Maintains Position in Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) UniFirst Corp (UNF) Position Held by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Five Below Inc (FIVE) Position Held by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Cuts Position in Golar LNG Limited (GLNG) Oneok Partners LP (OKS) Position Raised by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Reduces Position in FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Community Health Systems (CYH) Shares Bought by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Has $445,000 Stake in AAR Corp. (AIR) Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,780 Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Forecasted to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.43 Per Share (WRE) Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Reduces Stake in Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Has $265,000 Position in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Stake Boosted by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Acquires New Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) 2,600 Shares in UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC A.R.T. Advisors LLC Takes Position in Mantech International Corp (MANT) 7,500 Shares in ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 137,920 Shares of Harman International Industries Inc (HAR) Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Bonds Drop 1.5% During Trading FY2017 EPS Estimates for TESARO Inc Cut by Wedbush (TSRO) Lonmin Plc (LMI) Given New GBX 150 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lonmin Plc (LON:LMI) had its price objective reduced by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 220 ($2.72) to GBX 150 ($1.85) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a neutral rating on the mining company’s stock. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. AlphaValue reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 262 ($3.24) price target on shares of Lonmin Plc in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. BNP Paribas decreased their price target on shares of Lonmin Plc from GBX 180 ($2.22) to GBX 140 ($1.73) and set a neutral rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. HSBC Holdings plc decreased their price target on shares of Lonmin Plc from GBX 116 ($1.43) to GBX 98 ($1.21) and set a reduce rating for the company in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Liberum Capital reiterated a sell rating and set a GBX 15 ($0.19) price target on shares of Lonmin Plc in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Peel Hunt decreased their price target on shares of Lonmin Plc from GBX 155 ($1.91) to GBX 105 ($1.30) and set a sell rating for the company in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Sell and an average price target of GBX 127.27 ($1.57). Shares of Lonmin Plc (LON:LMI) opened at 89.1301 on Thursday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 251.65 million. Lonmin Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 80.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 252.56. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 116.55 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 162.03. Your IP Address: In other Lonmin Plc news, insider Abey Kgotle sold 3,766 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 174 ($2.15), for a total transaction of £6,552.84 ($8,092.92). About Lonmin Plc Lonmin Plc is a producer of platinum group metals (PGMs). The Company is engaged in the discovery, extraction, refining and marketing of PGMs. The Company’s segments include PGM Operations, Evaluation, Exploration and Other. Its geographical segments include The Americas, Asia, Europe and South Africa. Receive News & Ratings for Lonmin Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lonmin Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A 7 Growth Stocks With Downside Protection The five-star JPMorgan Hedged Equity fund seeks to minimize volatility. Here’s what it’s buying now. By Teresa Rivas Biography March 21, 2017 5:41 a.m. ET Investors looking beyond the traditional 60/40 model of investing in stocks and bonds may be intimidated by complicated “liquid alternative” offerings. The JPMorgan Hedged Equity fund, a market-tracking alternative fund with a relatively simple hedging strategy, could go a long way toward easing their fears. The fund (ticker: JHQAX) seeks to match the performance of the Standard & Poor’s 500 index while sidestepping the market’s big downturns. It does this by buying growth-at-a-reasonable-price companies with strong... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search Triumph over ten scourges We are witnessing the greatest improvement in global living standards - ever, says Ian Mann. What Brand SA needs Countries must choose leaders who embody what their brand stands for, says Solly Moeng. New way for entrepreneurs A new kind of teaching is key to boosting small business skills, says Elli Yiannakaris. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Budget 2017 Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2017 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Money Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 Finweek ZAR/AUD 9,56 (0.92%) ZAR/EUR 13,5 (0.63%) ZAR/GBP 15,65 (0.22%) ZAR/JPY 0,11 (0.18%) ZAR/USD 12,52 (0.42%) GOLD 1251,77 (0.20%) OIL 50,55 (-0.26%) PALLADIUM 805,5 (2.03%) PLATINUM 968 (0.83%) SILVER 17,65 (0.63%) FTSE/JSE All Share 52107,79 (0.02%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 15523,45 (0.16%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 67594,7 (0.02%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 30875,62 (0.02%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 44879,24 (0.05%) CAC 40 4996,61 (0.04%) DOW IND 20661,3 (0.00%) DOW UTIL 704,62 (0.00%) NIKKEI 225 19085,31 (0.23%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team Rand is not as attractive as performance shows - analysis Mar 22 2017 07:18 Masaki Kondo and Yumi Teso, Bloomberg, with Fin24 (iStock) Related Articles Firm rand caps JSE gains as Naspers makes strong run JSE in limbo as strong rand puts cap on share prices Rand rallies as US Fed raises interest rates Rand threatened by looming Fed rate hike Rand 20th most traded currency in the world   Cape Town – While the rand extended its status as one of the world’s best carry trades this year, analysis by Bloomberg revealed other emerging market currencies are more attractive. On Tuesday, the rand and Mexico’s peso led a measure of emerging currencies to the highest level since May 2015. On Wednesday morning at 07:15, the rand was trading steady at R12.70 to the dollar. However, a Bloomberg analysis (see full table of results below) of the top nine currencies listed on JPMorgan’s Emerging Market Currency Index, which reveals which currencies are the most attractive to buy, shows the rand falling behind countries like Turkey, Chile and Hungary. South Africa’s rand is positioned as the fifth most attractive currency, while Mexico was seen as the most attractive emerging market for investors. The analysis is based on a range of metrics analysed by Bloomberg including growth, yields and equity valuations. India is seen as the worst. The rand’s position comes as developing-nation stocks are on their longest winning streak in seven months. The iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF, an exchange-trade fund that tracks developing equities, saw inflows of $197m on Monday, the second in a week.   “The global recovery is getting stronger and even Europe is showing some signs of life,” said Hertta Alava, the head of emerging markets at FIM Asset Management in Helsinki. “There was a little bit of weakening at the end of February, but investors are back in the game. This environment is good for risk sentiment.” Metrics Bloomberg’s analysis covers nine of the 10 countries making up JPMorgan Chase’s Emerging Market Currency Index. Singapore is excluded as it is considered to be a developed nation. Mexico Turkey Chile Hungary S.Africa Brazil Russia China India GDP -0.72 -0.4 -0.7 0.47 -0.93 0.45 0.35 -1.82 0.08 Current Account -0.76 -0.3 0.11 0.09 0.94 0.76 -0.49 -1.09 0.66 Stock P/E 1.84 1.08 0.36 -0.36 -0.14 0.8 0.11 -0.64 -2.98 Yield 2.81 2.11 -0.34 -0.6 1.03 -0.94 -0.4 0.04 -1.27 REER 1.89 2.32 -0.26 0.69 -0.35 -0.42 0.05 -0.35 -1.44 FX Vol -1.43 -1.88 0.33 0.71 0.07 0.08 0.35 -1.47 0.83 Ratings 0.56 -0.78 1.56 -0.44 -0.11 -1.11 -0.78 1.56 -0.44 Total 4.18 2.15 1.04 0.57 0.52 -0.38 -0.8 -3.78 -4.56 The attractiveness of each country is computed for the following criteria, with forecasts compiled from Bloomberg surveys of analysts and economists: •    Forecast growth in gross domestic product for 2017 •    Forecast current-account balance for 2017 relative to GDP •    Price-earnings ratio for the key stock index •    Ten-year bond yield •    Real-effective exchange rate based on data from Bank for International Settlements •    Implied foreign-exchange volatility •    Sovereign credit rating The result for each is shown as a Z-score, which measures the relationship of the individual value to the mean. The scores are computed based on the five-year average between one country’s variable and the mean of the nine emerging markets. The results for stock price-earnings ratios, real effective exchange rate and foreign-exchange volatility are reversed as higher figures mean they are less attractive for investors. GDP growth measures the potential for asset returns, while the current-account balance indicates the risk of a currency crisis. Equities, government bonds and currencies represent major investment classes. Implied volatility gauges risks to carry trade. The credit rating is a proxy of the riskiness of government bonds and currencies. Ratings are based on Moody’s Investors Service, and the alphabetical symbols are converted into numbers, with Aaa given a value of 20 and C representing zero. Why Mexico is the leading currency Mexico saw its currency slide and bond yields surge as President Donald Trump was elected in November after lambasting the country for stealing US jobs. Even after an initial sell-off subsided, 10-year bond yield is still more than a percentage point above where it was before the election. The peso’s real-effective exchange rate is close to a 21-year low, boosting the earnings outlook for exporters. “Both Mexico’s currency and bonds have been sold too much,” said Akira Takei, who helps oversee the equivalent of $440bn as a fund manager at Asset Management One in Tokyo. He said expectations the dollar will weaken have convinced him to hold a higher proportion of pesos and Mexican government bonds in his portfolio than recommended by the benchmarks he follows. Analysts have raised the fourth-quarter peso forecast by almost 5% to 20.50 per dollar since February as Mexico’s currency retraced some of the declines that started in November. India is the least attractive developing nation for investors due to its relatively expensive stocks, bonds and currency. India’s NSE Nifty 50 Index rose to a record and the Sensex climbed to a two-year high last week as the electoral victory of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s party in the nation’s biggest state sparked optimism he will accelerate reforms including the introduction of a goods and services tax. The new tax “is a great thing in the medium term, but there will be some disruption to consumption in the months following its introduction,” said Vaninder Singh, an economist at NatWest Markets in Singapore. Singh agrees India appears unattractive for investors at the moment. “You will have to see a correction in the equity markets, and as a consequence the Indian rupee as well.” Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    rand  |  peso NEXT ON FIN24X Nasdaq hits record as Wall Street opens higher 2017-03-21 17:45 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice Competition Commission raids fresh produce market 'cartel' Sim swap fraud: Absa, Vodacom respond to Facebook rant SARS unpaid VAT bill now at R19.6bn Rand vs dollar for Zim: Why rand as main unit would be prudent WATCH: How to stop Net1 preying on the poor - Sygnia CEO How governance failures messed up Prasa Game of chicken grips Sassa crisis #BillShock: R188 000 in one day Double tax whammy robs motorists at pumps Cape Town’s best view for up to R140 000 a night Company Snapshot We're talking about... #BUDGET2017 Missed the Budget? Get all the action here.   Related links: INFOGRAPHIC: Budget at a glance WATCH: Budget in 90 seconds CALCULATE how much more you'll have to cough up for your sins Get the latest with Fin24 Tech Facebook rape stirs questions about witnessing crimes online 2017-03-23 09:45 The case of a 15-year-old Chicago girl who was raped while around 40 people watched on Facebook raises questions that have come up before in similarly shocking attacks. WATCH: How to stop Net1 preying on the poor - Sygnia CEO Tencent profits jump 43% on mobile gaming success Twitter suspends more accounts linked to 'terrorism' More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic MUST READ: SA expatriate in Philippines dismisses high life myth Taxing SA expats in Dubai: 3 points to consider South African working in Dubai worried stiff over new tax plans Investing a small inheritance What is reckless lending? Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth Do you think women are under-represented in leadership positions globally? Yes, definitely There has been progress I don’t know Yes, definitely 39% 240 votes 39 There has been progress 52% 320 votes 52 I don’t know 9% 57 votes 9 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 March 2017 by Military News LSC Communications, Inc. Announces Pricing of Secondary Common Stock Offering CHICAGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–LSC Communications, Inc. (NYSE: LKSD) (the “Company” or “LSC”) announced today the pricing of the offering of 6,242,802 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $20.25 per share. The shares have been offered by R. R. Donnelley & Sons Company (“RRD”), a stockholder of the Company. The selling stockholder will receive all of the net proceeds from the sale of these shares. In addition, the Company has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 936,420 shares of the Company’s common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of any additional shares for general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close on March 28, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Upon completion of the offering, RRD will retain no shares of the Company’s common stock. Citigroup, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC acted as the joint book-running managers and underwriters for the proposed offering. A registration statement relating to the Company’s common stock has been filed with, and declared effective by, the Securities and Exchange Commission. The offering has been made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus relating to this offering, when available, may be obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at 1-800-831-9146; BofA Merrill Lynch, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd floor, Charlotte, NC, 28255-0001 Attention: Prospectus Department, email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at 1-866-803-9204; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, or by telephone at 1-800-326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. About LSC Communications LSC Communications (NYSE: LKSD) is a global leader in traditional and digital print, print-related services and office products that serves the needs of publishers, merchandisers and retailers. The Company’s service offering includes e-services, warehousing and fulfillment and supply chain management. LSC utilizes a broad portfolio of technology capabilities coupled with consultative attention to clients’ needs to increase speed to market, reduce costs, provide postal savings to clients and improve efficiencies. Strategically located operations provide local service and responsiveness while leveraging the economic, geographic and technological advantages of an international organization. Forward-Looking Statements This news release may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements relating to the proposed offering, the expected closing date and the use of proceeds from the offering. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and any such forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the following cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this news release and are based on current expectations and involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, including risks associated with the ability of LSC Communications to perform as expected as a separate, independent entity and risks associated with the volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets, and adverse changes in the global economy. Readers are strongly encouraged to read the full cautionary statements contained in LSC’s filings with the SEC. LSC disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Books, Business, commission, Companies, company, Economy, general, Markets, private, section, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Keysight Technologies Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Shares in Connection With Pending Acquisition of Ixia Next PostNext Global Board Mount Humidity Sensors Market: STMicroelectronics, Texas Instruments, TE Connectivity, Honeywell, Sensirion Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TWTR Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More FireEye (FEYE) surges 7% on Goldman Sachs upgrade >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Rewards Shareholders Again Investors are provided with a 4.2% payout hike Mar 22, 2017, 5:00 pm EDT  |  By , Zacks Investment Research Get BAC alerts: Submit     JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s (NYSE:JPM) board of directors approved a 4.2% hike in the company’s quarterly common stock dividend. The revised quarterly dividend now comes in at 50 cents per share, compared with the previous figure of 48 cents.  The dividend will be paid on Apr 30, 2017, to shareholders of record as of April 6, 2017. JPMorgan had previously increased its dividend by 9.1% (from 44 cents to 48 cents per share) in May 2016. Supported by a solid balance sheet position, the company continues to enhance shareholder value through efficient capital deployment activities. In June 2016, subsequent to the clearance of the annual stress test, JPMorgan received approval for its 2016 capital plan that includes buyback of $10.6 billion shares (through the second quarter of 2017) and continued dividend payment. As of December 31, 2016, $6 billion worth shares were yet to be repurchased. Considering JPMorgan’s Mar 21 closing price, the new dividend will yield 2.3%. Investors interested in this Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock can have a look at its fundamentals and growth prospects. Earnings per Share Growth: JPMorgan’s earnings are projected to increasenearly 6% in 2017 and over 14% in 2018. Also, the company delivered an average positive earnings surprise of 12.2%, in the trailing four quarters. 7 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are Actually Safe Valuation: JPMorgan’s stock appears undervalued based on its P/E and P/B ratios. The company has a forward P/E (F1) ratio of 13.73, compared to the industry average of 14.90. Also, its P/B ratio of 1.44 is lower than the industry average of 1.46. Share Price Movement: JPMorgan’s shares have gained 45.8% in the last one year, compared with 40.7% growth for the Zacks categorized Major Regional Banks industry. Leverage: JPMorgan’s debt/equity ratio of 1.39 compares with the industry average of 0.86, indicating higher debt level relative to the industry. Return on Equity (ROE): JPMorgan’s ROE of 9.7%, as compared with the industry average of 8.9%, proves that the company is better placed than its peers. Some better-ranked stocks in the finance space include Evercore Partners Inc. (NYSE:EVR), Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) and Comerica Incorporated (NYSE:CMA). Evercore Partners witnessed an upward earnings estimate revision of 6% for the current year, in the last 60 days. Its share price increased 47.9% in the last six months. It currently carries a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Bank of America carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). For the current year, in the last 60 days, its Zacks Consensus Estimate was revised 1.2% upward. Its share price increased 47.7% in the last six months. Comerica also carries a Zacks Rank #2. It witnessed an upward earnings estimate revision of 1.7% for the current year, in the last 60 days. Its share price increased 41.4% in the last six months. 10 Monthly Dividend Stocks to Buy to Pay the Bills 5 Trades Could Profit “Big-League” from Trump Policies If the stocks above spark your interest, wait until you look into companies primed to make substantial gains from Washington’s changing course. Today Zacks reveals 5 tickers that could benefit from new trends like streamlined drug approvals, tariffs, lower taxes, higher interest rates, and spending surges in defense and infrastructure. See these buy recommendations now >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM): Free Stock Analysis Report Comerica Incorporated (CMA): Free Stock Analysis Report Bank of America Corporation (BAC): Free Stock Analysis Report Evercore Partners Inc (EVR): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. More From InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks With Yields That Grow Like Weeds 10 Safe Dividend Stocks to Own During the Next Market Crash Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/jpmorgan-jpm-rewards-shareholders-with-4-2-dividend-hike/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Low-Risk Healthcare Picks 5 Blue Chips That Will Get the Selloff's Worst 3 Energy ETFs to Play the Crash in Crude Oil 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC Sears Holdings Admits It’s a Giant Tire Fire Apple's iPad Strategy Is Sneakier Than You Think ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) The 5 Best ETFs to Buy If You Want to Own Bank Stocks 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy in a Bull Market Why the Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Comeback Is Just Beginning Most Popular 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) Trade of the Day: Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (ABX) Stock Is Shining 10 Clobbered Stocks to Buy That Are About to Get Red-Hot Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Ventas Announces Pricing of Senior Notes March 22, 2017 04:59 PM Eastern Daylight Time CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ventas, Inc. (NYSE: VTR) (“Ventas” or the “Company”) announced today the pricing of the public offering of $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.10% senior notes due 2023 and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.85% senior notes due 2027 (collectively, the “Notes”) by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, its wholly owned subsidiary. The Notes will be guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The sale of the Notes is expected to close on March 29, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes, which may include funding acquisitions and investments or repaying indebtedness. The offering is being made pursuant to the Company’s existing shelf registration statement, which is available at no charge at the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. When available, copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from: Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated at NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attn: Prospectus Department, or by telephone at (800) 294-1322, or by email at dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 383 Madison Ave., New York, NY 10179, Attn: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, or by telephone at (212) 834-4533, or by fax at 212-834-6081. Ventas, Inc., an S&P 500 company, is a leading real estate investment trust. Its diverse portfolio of approximately 1,300 assets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom consists of seniors housing communities, medical office buildings, life science and innovation centers, skilled nursing facilities, specialty hospitals and general acute care hospitals. Through its Lillibridge subsidiary, Ventas provides management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the United States. This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements regarding the Company’s or its tenants’, operators’, borrowers’ or managers’ expected future financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, funds from operations, dividends and dividend plans, financing opportunities and plans, capital markets transactions, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, operating metrics, capital expenditures, competitive positions, acquisitions, investment opportunities, dispositions, merger or acquisition integration, growth opportunities, expected lease income, continued qualification as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), plans and objectives of management for future operations and statements that include words such as “anticipate,” “if,” “believe,” “plan,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “will” and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and actual results may differ from the Company’s expectations. The Company does not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company’s actual future results and trends may differ materially from expectations depending on a variety of factors discussed in the Company’s filings with the SEC. These factors include without limitation: (a) the ability and willingness of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other third parties to satisfy their obligations under their respective contractual arrangements with the Company, including, in some cases, their obligations to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities; (b) the ability of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to maintain the financial strength and liquidity necessary to satisfy their respective obligations and liabilities to third parties, including without limitation obligations under their existing credit facilities and other indebtedness; (c) the Company’s success in implementing its business strategy and the Company’s ability to identify, underwrite, finance, consummate and integrate diversifying acquisitions and investments; (d) macroeconomic conditions such as a disruption of or lack of access to the capital markets, changes in the debt rating on U.S. government securities, default or delay in payment by the United States of its obligations, and changes in the federal or state budgets resulting in the reduction or nonpayment of Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement rates; (e) the nature and extent of future competition, including new construction in the markets in which the Company’s seniors housing communities and medical office buildings (“MOBs”) are located; (f) the extent and effect of future or pending healthcare reform and regulation, including cost containment measures and changes in reimbursement policies, procedures and rates; (g) increases in the Company’s borrowing costs as a result of changes in interest rates and other factors; (h) the ability of the Company’s tenants, operators and managers, as applicable, to comply with laws, rules and regulations in the operation of the Company’s properties, to deliver high-quality services, to attract and retain qualified personnel and to attract residents and patients; (i) changes in general economic conditions or economic conditions in the markets in which the Company may, from time to time, compete, and the effect of those changes on the Company’s revenues, earnings and funding sources; (j) the Company’s ability to pay down, refinance, restructure or extend its indebtedness as it becomes due; (k) the Company’s ability and willingness to maintain its qualification as a REIT in light of economic, market, legal, tax and other considerations; (l) final determination of the Company’s taxable net income for the year ended December 31, 2016 and for the year ending December 31, 2017; (m) the ability and willingness of the Company’s tenants to renew their leases with the Company upon expiration of the leases, the Company’s ability to reposition its properties on the same or better terms in the event of nonrenewal or in the event the Company exercises its right to replace an existing tenant, and obligations, including indemnification obligations, the Company may incur in connection with the replacement of an existing tenant; (n) risks associated with the Company’s senior living operating portfolio, such as factors that can cause volatility in the Company’s operating income and earnings generated by those properties, including without limitation national and regional economic conditions, development of new, competing properties, costs of food, materials, energy, labor and services, employee benefit costs, insurance costs and professional and general liability claims, and the timely delivery of accurate property-level financial results for those properties; (o) changes in exchange rates for any foreign currency in which the Company may, from time to time, conduct business; (p) year-over-year changes in the Consumer Price Index or the U.K. Retail Price Index and the effect of those changes on the rent escalators contained in the Company’s leases and on the Company’s earnings; (q) the Company’s ability and the ability of its tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to obtain and maintain adequate property, liability and other insurance from reputable, financially stable providers; (r) the impact of increased operating costs and uninsured professional liability claims on the Company’s liquidity, financial condition and results of operations or that of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers and managers, and the ability of the Company and the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to accurately estimate the magnitude of those claims; (s) risks associated with the Company’s MOB portfolio and operations, including the Company’s ability to successfully design, develop and manage MOBs and to retain key personnel; (t) the ability of the hospitals on or near whose campuses the Company’s MOBs are located and their affiliated health systems to remain competitive and financially viable and to attract physicians and physician groups; (u) risks associated with the Company’s investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated entities, including its lack of sole decision-making authority and its reliance on its joint venture partners’ financial condition; (v) the Company’s ability to obtain the financial results expected from its development and redevelopment projects; (w) the impact of market or issuer events on the liquidity or value of the Company’s investments in marketable securities; (x) consolidation in the seniors housing and healthcare industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor’s investment in, one or more of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers or managers or significant changes in the senior management of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers or managers; (y) the impact of litigation or any financial, accounting, legal or regulatory issues that may affect the Company or its tenants, operators, borrowers or managers; and (z) changes in accounting principles, or their application or interpretation, and the Company’s ability to make estimates and the assumptions underlying the estimates, which could have an effect on the Company’s earnings. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Ventas, Inc. Contacts Ventas, Inc. Ryan K. Shannon (877) 4-VENTAS $Cashtags $VTR Contacts Ventas, Inc. Ryan K. Shannon (877) 4-VENTAS Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 March 2017 by Military News Ventas Announces Pricing of Senior Notes CHICAGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Ventas, Inc. (NYSE: VTR) (“Ventas” or the “Company”) announced today the pricing of the public offering of $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.10% senior notes due 2023 and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.85% senior notes due 2027 (collectively, the “Notes”) by Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, its wholly owned subsidiary. The Notes will be guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The sale of the Notes is expected to close on March 29, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes, which may include funding acquisitions and investments or repaying indebtedness. The offering is being made pursuant to the Company’s existing shelf registration statement, which is available at no charge at the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. When available, copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from: Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated at NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attn: Prospectus Department, or by telephone at (800) 294-1322, or by email at dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 383 Madison Ave., New York, NY 10179, Attn: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, or by telephone at (212) 834-4533, or by fax at 212-834-6081. Ventas, Inc., an S&P 500 company, is a leading real estate investment trust. Its diverse portfolio of approximately 1,300 assets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom consists of seniors housing communities, medical office buildings, life science and innovation centers, skilled nursing facilities, specialty hospitals and general acute care hospitals. Through its Lillibridge subsidiary, Ventas provides management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the United States. This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements regarding the Company’s or its tenants’, operators’, borrowers’ or managers’ expected future financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, funds from operations, dividends and dividend plans, financing opportunities and plans, capital markets transactions, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, operating metrics, capital expenditures, competitive positions, acquisitions, investment opportunities, dispositions, merger or acquisition integration, growth opportunities, expected lease income, continued qualification as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”), plans and objectives of management for future operations and statements that include words such as “anticipate,” “if,” “believe,” “plan,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “will” and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and actual results may differ from the Company’s expectations. The Company does not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company’s actual future results and trends may differ materially from expectations depending on a variety of factors discussed in the Company’s filings with the SEC. These factors include without limitation: (a) the ability and willingness of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other third parties to satisfy their obligations under their respective contractual arrangements with the Company, including, in some cases, their obligations to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities; (b) the ability of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to maintain the financial strength and liquidity necessary to satisfy their respective obligations and liabilities to third parties, including without limitation obligations under their existing credit facilities and other indebtedness; (c) the Company’s success in implementing its business strategy and the Company’s ability to identify, underwrite, finance, consummate and integrate diversifying acquisitions and investments; (d) macroeconomic conditions such as a disruption of or lack of access to the capital markets, changes in the debt rating on U.S. government securities, default or delay in payment by the United States of its obligations, and changes in the federal or state budgets resulting in the reduction or nonpayment of Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement rates; (e) the nature and extent of future competition, including new construction in the markets in which the Company’s seniors housing communities and medical office buildings (“MOBs”) are located; (f) the extent and effect of future or pending healthcare reform and regulation, including cost containment measures and changes in reimbursement policies, procedures and rates; (g) increases in the Company’s borrowing costs as a result of changes in interest rates and other factors; (h) the ability of the Company’s tenants, operators and managers, as applicable, to comply with laws, rules and regulations in the operation of the Company’s properties, to deliver high-quality services, to attract and retain qualified personnel and to attract residents and patients; (i) changes in general economic conditions or economic conditions in the markets in which the Company may, from time to time, compete, and the effect of those changes on the Company’s revenues, earnings and funding sources; (j) the Company’s ability to pay down, refinance, restructure or extend its indebtedness as it becomes due; (k) the Company’s ability and willingness to maintain its qualification as a REIT in light of economic, market, legal, tax and other considerations; (l) final determination of the Company’s taxable net income for the year ended December 31, 2016 and for the year ending December 31, 2017; (m) the ability and willingness of the Company’s tenants to renew their leases with the Company upon expiration of the leases, the Company’s ability to reposition its properties on the same or better terms in the event of nonrenewal or in the event the Company exercises its right to replace an existing tenant, and obligations, including indemnification obligations, the Company may incur in connection with the replacement of an existing tenant; (n) risks associated with the Company’s senior living operating portfolio, such as factors that can cause volatility in the Company’s operating income and earnings generated by those properties, including without limitation national and regional economic conditions, development of new, competing properties, costs of food, materials, energy, labor and services, employee benefit costs, insurance costs and professional and general liability claims, and the timely delivery of accurate property-level financial results for those properties; (o) changes in exchange rates for any foreign currency in which the Company may, from time to time, conduct business; (p) year-over-year changes in the Consumer Price Index or the U.K. Retail Price Index and the effect of those changes on the rent escalators contained in the Company’s leases and on the Company’s earnings; (q) the Company’s ability and the ability of its tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to obtain and maintain adequate property, liability and other insurance from reputable, financially stable providers; (r) the impact of increased operating costs and uninsured professional liability claims on the Company’s liquidity, financial condition and results of operations or that of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers and managers, and the ability of the Company and the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers and managers to accurately estimate the magnitude of those claims; (s) risks associated with the Company’s MOB portfolio and operations, including the Company’s ability to successfully design, develop and manage MOBs and to retain key personnel; (t) the ability of the hospitals on or near whose campuses the Company’s MOBs are located and their affiliated health systems to remain competitive and financially viable and to attract physicians and physician groups; (u) risks associated with the Company’s investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated entities, including its lack of sole decision-making authority and its reliance on its joint venture partners’ financial condition; (v) the Company’s ability to obtain the financial results expected from its development and redevelopment projects; (w) the impact of market or issuer events on the liquidity or value of the Company’s investments in marketable securities; (x) consolidation in the seniors housing and healthcare industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor’s investment in, one or more of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers or managers or significant changes in the senior management of the Company’s tenants, operators, borrowers or managers; (y) the impact of litigation or any financial, accounting, legal or regulatory issues that may affect the Company or its tenants, operators, borrowers or managers; and (z) changes in accounting principles, or their application or interpretation, and the Company’s ability to make estimates and the assumptions underlying the estimates, which could have an effect on the Company’s earnings. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Ventas, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBooks, Business, commission, Companies, company, defend, Food and Beverage, general, Health, Industry, Legal, Markets, Science, section, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brinker International Names Steve Provost Chief Marketing And Innovation Officer Of Chili’s Next PostNext ADC Ophthalmic Lens Market Overview, Growth Opportunities, Market Demands, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Business Sections Home Local News Sports NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Obituaries Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Buffalo native named to high-ranking post at Chase By Matt Glynn Published Wed, Mar 22, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL Buffalo native Andrew Kresse was named CEO of Chase Business Banking, a business within Chase Consumer and Community Banking. Kresse joined JPMorgan Chase in 2007 after a career at other banks. Chase is the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of JPMorgan Chase. Chase Business Banking provides deposit, credit and cash management services to companies with up to about $20 million in annual revenue. Andrew Kresse, newly named CEO of Chase Business Banking Kresse is a Canisius High School graduate and serves on the school's board of directors. Kresse's bank biography also mentions he is involved with the King Urban Life Center, the Nativity Miguel Middle School and the Darwin D. Martin House. The Georgetown University graduate lives in Manhattan with his wife and son. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Swift Transportation Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Swift Transportation Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 25,000 Shares of Stock Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Raises Dividend to $0.13 Per Share U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (GROW) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.00 Investors Buy Prologis Inc (PLD) on Weakness After Insider Selling Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Longbow Research upgraded shares of Swift Transportation Co (NYSE:SWFT) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has $26.00 target price on the stock. SWFT has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Swift Transportation from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $31.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Stifel Nicolaus lowered shares of Swift Transportation from a buy rating to a hold rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $24.00 to $25.00 in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Swift Transportation from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a report on Saturday, December 17th. Wells Fargo & Co lowered shares of Swift Transportation from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on shares of Swift Transportation in a report on Friday, December 16th. They issued a buy rating and a $30.00 price objective for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, ten have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Swift Transportation currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $24.77. Swift Transportation (NYSE:SWFT) traded up 0.20% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $20.29. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 680,167 shares. Swift Transportation has a 12 month low of $14.31 and a 12 month high of $27.18. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $21.90 and its 200 day moving average price is $22.70. The firm has a market cap of $2.70 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.45 and a beta of 1.71. Swift Transportation (NYSE:SWFT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.40 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.40. Swift Transportation had a net margin of 4.05% and a return on equity of 29.46%. The company earned $1.04 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.04 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.53 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Swift Transportation will post $1.16 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: In other Swift Transportation news, Director Strategic Value Partners, Llc acquired 805,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Sunday, January 22nd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $28.50 per share, with a total value of $22,942,500.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Insiders own 44.90% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. New York State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in shares of Swift Transportation by 3.1% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 6,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. increased its stake in shares of Swift Transportation by 4.6% in the third quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 13,987 shares of the company’s stock worth $300,000 after buying an additional 611 shares during the last quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Swift Transportation by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 39,601 shares of the company’s stock worth $965,000 after buying an additional 680 shares during the last quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC increased its stake in shares of Swift Transportation by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC now owns 137,063 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,339,000 after buying an additional 1,097 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Coyle Financial Counsel LLC increased its stake in shares of Swift Transportation by 1.8% in the third quarter. Coyle Financial Counsel LLC now owns 64,803 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,314,000 after buying an additional 1,147 shares during the last quarter. 73.76% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Swift Transportation Company Profile Swift Transportation Company is a multi-faceted transportation services company. As of December 31, 2016, the Company operated fleets of truckload equipment in North America from over 40 terminals near key freight centers and traffic lanes. The Company’ segments include Truckload, Dedicated, Swift Refrigerated and Intermodal. Receive News & Ratings for Swift Transportation Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Swift Transportation Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 12 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Business Briefing / Wells Fargo ATMs Take Phone Codes Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Wells Fargo: All ATMs Will Take Phone Codes, Not Just Cards By Ken Sweet PUBLISHED: MARCH 22 2017 Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. "Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs," said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase's upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Banking, Wells Fargo, ATM, Smartphone, iPhone, Mobile Apps Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Google Offers Android O Preview 2. Oracle Intros APM Tools for Utilities 3. Google Maps Lets You Share Location 4. Jigsaw Aims To Safeguard Elections 5. Australia: Tech Giants Paying Taxes MAY INTEREST YOU More than 70% of data center incidents are caused by human error. Find out how you can avoid that. Discover the most essential attributes to consider when selecting a colocation provider. MORE IN BUSINESS BRIEFING 1. Uber Vows To Become More Humane 2. Wells Fargo ATMs Take Phone Codes 3. Court Leans Toward MS in Xbox Case 4. Google To Overhaul Ad Policies 5. Australia: Tech Giants Paying Taxes Next Article > Uber Vows To Change Direction, Become More Humane Company By Michael Liedtke PUBLISHED: MARCH 22 2017 Uber is vowing to head down a new road and become a more humane company following a wave of ugly developments, including allegations of rampant sexual harassment and a video of a profanity-laced confrontation between the ride-hailing company's CEO and a disgruntled driver. The pledge came in a contrite conference call held Tuesday with some of the reporters who have been covering the incidents that have painted an unflattering portrait of the company, threatening to trigger a backlash among the riders and drivers who have propelled its rapid rise. Even as it acknowledges past mistakes, Uber says the fallout hasn't damaged its business yet. Ridership in the U.S. during the first 10 weeks of this year is up from the same time last year, according to Rachel Holt, who oversees Uber's operations in the U.S. and Canada. Holt was one of three women who handled Tuesday's damage control, joining Uber's only female board member, Arianna Huffington, and Liane Hornsey, the company's head of human resources. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick was conspicuously absent from Tuesday's call, though he is in the eye of the storm thrashing the company. Company representatives said Kalanick couldn't attend because he was busy interviewing the candidates vying to become the company's chief operating officer, a helping hand that Kalanick has said he needs to "grow up" at the age of 40. Besides berating an Uber driver last month for complaining about the company's pay scale, Kalanick also has been skewered for creating a boorish culture that culminated in a former female engineer alleging management looked the other way after she and other women reported being propositioned by their male colleagues. Last month, Kalanick hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to lead an investigation into the sexual harassment charges leveled by the former engineer, Susan Fowler. Holder's report will be completed and publicly released by the end of April, Huffington said Tuesday. A separate report breaking down the number of men, women and minorities in key jobs at Uber will be released for the first time by the end of this month. Other tech companies have been releasing similar demographic reports for several years. Huffington said Uber's board wouldn't have allowed Kalanick to remain on the job, unless he had apologized for his mistakes and agreed to hire a chief operating officer. Kalanick "started as a scrappy entrepreneur and now he needs to bring the changes in himself and in the way he leads," Huffington said. "I am personally a big believer in leaders and companies being allowed to evolve. I have seen personally Travis' evolution, having spent a lot of time with him over the last five weeks. I know this is real for him." Without identifying any candidates, Huffington said the applicants to become Uber's chief operating officer are "truly world-class leaders who have worked in very complex organizations already. What's clear, whatever Uber's challenges the best of the best are coming to the table." San Francisco-based Uber remains a highly attractive destination largely because the rapid growth of its ride-hailing service around the world has turned it into a prized investment less than a decade after Kalanick started it. The privately held company has been valued at nearly $70 billion by its early investors, a list that includes a venture capital fund started by Google. Uber is widely expected to go public within the next few years in an offering that will enrich Kalanick and many other executives. Nevertheless, the backlash to the recent revelations about Uber's culture has resulted in management defections, including the recent resignation the company's president, Jeff Jones, after just six months on the job. "I will be holding their feet to the fire," Huffington said of Kalanick and the rest of Uber's management. "Uber must change to be as successful in the next decade as it has been in the last seven years." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Uber, Travis Kalanick, Automotive, Gender Discrimination, Sexual Harassment, Mobile Apps, Lawsuit, Human Resources, Waymo POPULAR IN BUSINESS BRIEFING Yahoo Reveals Details of Breaches WikiLeaks 'Aid' a Mixed Blessing IBM Updates Connections Platform Oracle Touts Its IaaS over AWS Verizon Cuts $350M from Yahoo Price Intel To Buy Mobileye for $15.3 Billion Australia: Tech Giants Paying Taxes THE BIG PICTURE Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 12 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content You are here: Home / Mobile Tech / Wells Fargo ATMs Take Phone Codes Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Wells Fargo: All ATMs Will Take Phone Codes, Not Just Cards By Ken Sweet PUBLISHED: MARCH 22 2017 Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. "Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs," said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase's upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Banking, Wells Fargo, ATM, Smartphone, iPhone, Mobile Apps Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Australia: Tech Giants Paying Taxes 2. Wells Fargo ATMs Take Phone Codes 3. Uber Vows To Become More Humane 4. Court Leans Toward MS in Xbox Case 5. Girding Up for a Net Neutrality Fight MAY INTEREST YOU Your data is your most valuable asset, so Find out how to disaster-proof it with eVault, providing data backup and recovery for business. MORE IN MOBILE TECH 1. Google Offers Android O Preview 2. Wells Fargo ATMs Take Phone Codes 3. AI Bixby To Arrive with Galaxy S8 4. Apple: New iPad Line, Red iPhone 7 5. Snapdragon Chip Is Now a 'Platform' Next Article > Here's What We Know from Google's Sneak Preview of Android O By Shirley Siluk / NewsFactor Business Report PUBLISHED: MARCH 22 2017 App developers are seeing the first preview of Android O, the next version of Google's operating system for mobile devices. Released yesterday, the first preview of the successor to Android Nougat features new limits to background app activity aimed at improving battery life, as well as more wide-ranging support for font displays and Wi-Fi connectivity improvements. Google plans to release more developer preview updates over the next several months, Dave Burke, vice president of engineering, said in a blog post yesterday. More details will be revealed at the Google I/O developer conference set for May. The company released the current version of its mobile OS, Android 7.0 Nougat, via over-the-air software updates in August. If the Android O update follows a similar schedule, users can expect to see the new version -- "O's" full name has yet to be determined -- later this year. 'Big Priority' on Battery and Performance Unlike the developer previews for Nougat, this time Google is making the early versions of Android O available to developers via download and flash only, Burke said. A test version for consumers via the Android Beta channel will be made available as the company gets closer to a final product, he said. One of the changes arriving with Android O will be new background execution and location limits that will make it easier for developers to create apps that don't overtax user devices and batteries. "Building on the work we began in Nougat, Android O puts a big priority on improving a user's battery life and the device's interactive performance," Burke said. "To make this possible, we've put additional automatic limits on what apps can do in the background, in three main areas: implicit broadcasts, background services, and location updates. Because background limits represent a significant change in Android, Google wants every developer to get familiar with them, he added. Most Users Still on Android Marshmallow Android O will support greater font control in XML layouts, including changes to style and weight, and will also introduce improvements in Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity, Burke noted. One new Wi-Fi feature, Wi-Fi Aware, will allow supported devices to discover and communicate with other nearby devices without the need for an Internet access point. Other new features arriving with Android O include notification channels to give developers greater control over how app users receive and view notification content; platform support and APIs for autofill apps; more control over icon displays; imaging app support for wide-gamut color; and a variety of enhancements contributed by Google's hardware partners. Earlier today, Google also released its third annual Android Security Year in Review report, noting that Android Nougat introduced many new security features designed to stop dangerous apps. "Using improved tools and the knowledge we gained in 2016, we think we can reduce the number of devices affected by PHAs [potentially harmful apps] in 2017, no matter where people get their apps," security team members Adrian Ludwig and Mel Miller wrote in a post on the Android Developers Blog. Android Marshmallow 6.0 remains the most widely used version of its mobile OS, with a 31.3-percent share of users, according to the latest data from Google, collected earlier this month. Android Lollipop 5.1 is in second place, with a 23.1 percent share, while less than 3 percent of Android users have updated to Nougat 7.0 (2.4 percent) or Nougat 7.1 (0.4 percent). Read more on: Google, Android, Mobile OS, Mobile App, Wi-Fi, Nougat, Marshmallow, Developers, Top Tech News POPULAR IN MOBILE TECH What To Expect at MWC 2017 Wireless Charging Tech in iPhone 8? MWC 2017: More than Mobile Phones New Phones Debut at MWC 2017 AT&T Outage Takes Down 911 Lines Snapdragon Chip Is Now a 'Platform' AI Bixby To Arrive with Galaxy S8 THE BIG PICTURE Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR THURSDAY MARCH 23 Here's What We Know from Google's Sneak Preview of Android O App developers are seeing the first preview of Android O, the next version of Google's operating system for mobile devices, featuring new limits to background app activity aimed at improving battery life. Oracle Unveils Asset Performance Management Tools for Utilities Tech giant Oracle has introduced Oracle Utilities Work, and Asset Cloud Service, new cloud-based tools aimed at providing utilities companies with asset performance management services. Google Affiliate Offers Tools To Safeguard Elections Wells Fargo: All ATMs Will Take Phone Codes, Not Just Cards Supreme Court Sympathetic to Microsoft in Xbox Owners' Suit LinkedIn Jumps into CRM with New Sales Navigator Edition CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders TOP TECH NEWSCIO TODAYDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMETECH TRENDSNETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGHARDWAREAPPLICATIONSMICROSOFT/WINDOWSMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware MOBILE APPS Wells Fargo: All ATMs Will Take Phone Codes, Not Just Cards Posted March 22, 2017 EARLIER Samsung Smart Assistant Bixby To Arrive with Galaxy S8 THIS STORY Wells Fargo: All ATMs Will Take Phone Codes, Not Just Cards LATER Uber Vows To Change Direction, Become More Humane Company YOU ARE HERE:   HOME MOBILE APPS THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Ken Sweet. Updated March 22, 2017 9:20AM SHARE ALSO SEE Banking Wells Fargo ATM Smartphone iPhone Mobile Apps Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. "Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs," said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase's upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. © 2017 Associated Press syndicated under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP OF THE NEWS THURSDAY MARCH 23 Here's What We Know from Google's Sneak Preview of Android O App developers are seeing the first preview of Android O, the next version of Google's operating system for mobile devices, featuring new limits to background app activity aimed at improving battery life. Oracle Intros APM Tools for Utilities   Jigsaw Aims To Safeguard Elections   Wells Fargo ATMs Take Phone Codes   Court Leans Toward MS in Xbox Case   More than 70% of data center incidents are caused by human error. Find out how you can avoid that. Discover the most essential attributes to consider when selecting a colocation provider. MORE IN MOBILE APPS Google Offers Android O Preview Google Maps Lets You Share Location Jigsaw Aims To Safeguard Elections Uber Vows To Become More Humane AI Bixby To Arrive with Galaxy S8 Next Article > Uber Vows To Change Direction, Become More Humane Company By Michael Liedtke. Updated March 22, 2017. Uber is vowing to head down a new road and become a more humane company following a wave of ugly developments, including allegations of rampant sexual harassment and a video of a profanity-laced confrontation between the ride-hailing company's CEO and a disgruntled driver. The pledge came in a contrite conference call held Tuesday with some of the reporters who have been covering the incidents that have painted an unflattering portrait of the company, threatening to trigger a backlash among the riders and drivers who have propelled its rapid rise. Even as it acknowledges past mistakes, Uber says the fallout hasn't damaged its business yet. Ridership in the U.S. during the first 10 weeks of this year is up from the same time last year, according to Rachel Holt, who oversees Uber's operations in the U.S. and Canada. Holt was one of three women who handled Tuesday's damage control, joining Uber's only female board member, Arianna Huffington, and Liane Hornsey, the company's head of human resources. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick was conspicuously absent from Tuesday's call, though he is in the eye of the storm thrashing the company. Company representatives said Kalanick couldn't attend because he was busy interviewing the candidates vying to become the company's chief operating officer, a helping hand that Kalanick has said he needs to "grow up" at the age of 40. Besides berating an Uber driver last month for complaining about the company's pay scale, Kalanick also has been skewered for creating a boorish culture that culminated in a former female engineer alleging management looked the other way after she and other women reported being propositioned by their male colleagues. Last month, Kalanick hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to lead an investigation into the sexual harassment charges leveled by the former engineer, Susan Fowler. Holder's report will be completed and publicly released by the end of April, Huffington said Tuesday. A separate report breaking down the number of men, women and minorities in key jobs at Uber will be released for the first time by the end of this month. Other tech companies have been releasing similar demographic reports for several years. Huffington said Uber's board wouldn't have allowed Kalanick to remain on the job, unless he had apologized for his mistakes and agreed to hire a chief operating officer. Kalanick "started as a scrappy entrepreneur and now he needs to bring the changes in himself and in the way he leads," Huffington said. "I am personally a big believer in leaders and companies being allowed to evolve. I have seen personally Travis' evolution, having spent a lot of time with him over the last five weeks. I know this is real for him." Without identifying any candidates, Huffington said the applicants to become Uber's chief operating officer are "truly world-class leaders who have worked in very complex organizations already. What's clear, whatever Uber's challenges the best of the best are coming to the table." San Francisco-based Uber remains a highly attractive destination largely because the rapid growth of its ride-hailing service around the world has turned it into a prized investment less than a decade after Kalanick started it. The privately held company has been valued at nearly $70 billion by its early investors, a list that includes a venture capital fund started by Google. Uber is widely expected to go public within the next few years in an offering that will enrich Kalanick and many other executives. Nevertheless, the backlash to the recent revelations about Uber's culture has resulted in management defections, including the recent resignation the company's president, Jeff Jones, after just six months on the job. "I will be holding their feet to the fire," Huffington said of Kalanick and the rest of Uber's management. "Uber must change to be as successful in the next decade as it has been in the last seven years." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Uber, Travis Kalanick, Automotive, Gender Discrimination, Sexual Harassment, Mobile Apps, Lawsuit, Human Resources, Waymo MOST POPULAR 01 Applications SAP HANA Now Aboard Google Cloud 02 Network Security What Does Leak of CIA Info Mean? 03 Microsoft/Windows Microsoft To Use ARM in Data Centers 04 Government WikiLeaks 'Aid' a Mixed Blessing 05 World Wide Web Google's eCAPTCHA Less Annoying 06 Communications G Suite Wants To Be Biz Meeting Chat 07 Applications IBM Updates Connections Platform 08 Cloud Computing Google Intros Video Cloud Intelligence 09 Cloud Computing Oracle Touts Its IaaS over AWS 10 Big Data SAP Updates Vora Analytics Engine INSIDE TOP TECH NEWS NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     March 23, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum BW University Research Video RSS Downloads Bworldonline.com Weekender Finance US lenders strengthen global lead over Europe Posted on March 23, 2017 LONDON -- JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of US banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. US investment banks beat European lenders last year. -- REUTERS JP Morgan’s revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11% to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by US peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3% decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one -- municipal finance -- of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by US banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany’s Deutsche Bank. US banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the US-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. “European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don’t see repeating,” said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. “They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year.” Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. The world’s big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15% in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump’s US presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. US banks’ total for the second half of last year jumped 37% to $24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, still in the throes of restructuring programs, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays and HSBC, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan’s revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the $14.3 billion from its US operations up 10% from the year before. The bank also posted a 10% revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to $7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of $3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi’s joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS. -- Reuters E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.    MORE STORIES Term deposit offering undersubscribed US lenders strengthen global lead over Europe Peso weakens amid lack of leads PHL bond market continues to expand Gov’t mulls Bahrain bank Gov’t makes full award of 5-year bonds Bank deposits surge to P10.5 trillion Peso drops anew as dollar stages rebound PHL banks told to scale up for regional banking integration EastWest Bank raises P2.7B    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. SEC warns public from investing in South Korea-based BrainMax 2. China denies designs on Scarborough Shoal 3. Gov’t shifts airport strategy; to develop multiple gateways 4. Palace slams New York Times hack’ article 5. Robredo video no effect on PHL ties: DFA’s Manalo 1. Celtics reunion 2. SMC gets SEC permit to sell P15 billion in bonds 3. Strategic rest 4. The poor are not forgotten 5. Wholesale power price falls to lowest since 2011 © 2016 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Receives Buy Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their buy rating on shares of Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) in a research report released on Tuesday. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €197.00 ($211.83) target price on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €167.00 ($179.57) target price on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday. S&P Global set a €169.00 ($181.72) target price on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Barclays PLC set a €168.00 ($180.65) target price on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €150.00 ($161.29) target price on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €145.54 ($156.49). Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) traded up 1.285% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting €136.125. 9,156 shares of the stock traded hands. Volkswagen AG has a 52 week low of €101.34 and a 52 week high of €156.32. The company has a market capitalization of €68.24 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.266. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is €142.53 and its 200 day moving average price is €131.47. Your IP Address: Volkswagen AG Company Profile Volkswagen AG is a Germany-based automobile manufacturer. It operates through two segments: Automotive and Financial Services. The Automotive segment comprises the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, light commercial vehicles, trucks, buses and motorcycles, as well as spare parts, diesel engines, turbo-machinery, special gear units, propulsion components and testing systems. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Brazil's GPA: leads gains as JPMorgan resumes with 'overweight' Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Rupee hits 1-1/2 yr high Brazil's GPA: leads gains as JPMorgan resumes with 'overweight' BUZZ-Brazil's GPA: leads gains as JPMorgan resumes with 'overwei:BUZZ-Brazil's GPA: leads gains as JPMorgan resumes with 'overweight'Reuters | Mar 22, 2017, 09.05 PM IST ** Shares in GPA SA, Brazil's largest diversified retailer, jumped on Wednesday after analysts at JPMorgan Securities resumed coverage of the stock with an "overweight" recommendation and a 74 reais PT ** Preferred shares rose as much as 3.7 pct to 59.57 reais, a one-month high, leading gains on Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index. The stock is up 9 pct this year, while an index tracking retail and consumer goods firms listed on the Sao Paulo Stock Exchange was flat ** In a Wednesday note to clients, JPMorgan analysts led by Joseph Giordano said recent moves to raise profitability such as increasing focus on cash-and-carry operations should help margins bounce back in 2017. Cash-and-carry retailers sell food and other goods in bulk ** Corporate restructuring efforts spearheaded by owner Casino Guichard Perrachon SA have also lowered governance risks, the note added ** GPA is looking to sell its controlling stake in Via Varejo SA, following a decision to integrate the appliance retailer with online unit Cnova Brasil. Giordano estimated that the sale of Via Varejo would increase share prices by 8.50 reais ** GPA could also sell its 34 pct stake in France's Cdiscount SA, the analysts wrote, adding 6.5 reais to share prices. "If CBD divests its stake in Cdiscount, the bulk of the corporate governance concerns would be removed as the controlling shareholder would be more aligned with minorities." Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web These Are the Poorest Countries in the World FindTheData — By Graphiq How to Order Wine In a Restaurant: Don't Panic & Do This! Wine Enthusiast George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny More from The Times of India Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India Adith Is fighting something Worse Than CancerMILAAP Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter!Milaap 10 Places To Retire and Pay Almost No TaxesBusinessAdviceSource.com The Jaw Dropping Reason ‘Magnum P.I.’ Went Off The AirDailyDisclosure His Insane Backyard Pool Idea is Actually Genius (Pics)Grizly The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Best day to campaign with wife is Valentine’s Day’ ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Ad: Milaap 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Hindustan Zinc announces special interim dividend of Rs 27.50/share Hindustan Zinc today announced a one-time interim dividend of Rs 13,985 crore for the financial year 2016-17. Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. From around the Web Check Out These Top Crossover SUVs New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP Powerful Security Solutions WSJ Custom Studios for Konica Minolta Download The eBook: Are You Outgrowing Your IT Infrastruct.. Earthlink More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read Morevarejo savarejosão paulo stock exchangeJPMorgan Securitiesjoseph giordano Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Trump seeks to nail support for healthcare bill before U.S. House vote Sweden's Munters prepares for summer IPO -sources Global stocks fall on doubts over Trump policies; gold rallies Gold hits 3-week peak as equities ditched on Trump worries 1Brazil's GPA: leads gains as JPMorgan resumes with 'overweight' 2Trump seeks to nail support for healthcare bill before U.S. House vote 3Sweden's Munters prepares for summer IPO -sources 4Global stocks fall on doubts over Trump policies; gold rallies 5Gold hits 3-week peak as equities ditched on Trump worries Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament Shooting CM Adityanath UP Cabinet Ministers Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Live: Shooting in UK Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Set Expectations for Continental Resources, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CLR) Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Earns Outperform Rating from Leerink Swann ARC Document Solutions Inc (ARC) Earns “Buy” Rating from B. Riley Booz Allen Hamilton Holding’s (BAH) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Vertical Group Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Receives $1,792.79 Average Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set MeetMe Inc (MEET) PT at $8.70 Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €7.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Roth Capital Research Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Consolidated Water Co. Ltd. (CWCO) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank of America Corp Reiterates €14.80 Price Target for Engie SA (GSZ) Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) First Republic Bank (FRC) Receives $93.10 Consensus PT from Brokerages Total SA (TOT) Short Interest Up 43.4% in February Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) Short Interest Up 40.1% in February RingCentral Inc (RNG) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) PT Lowered to GBX 155 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) had its target price cut by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 180 ($2.22) to GBX 155 ($1.91) in a research report released on Friday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have an underweight rating on the stock. Several other brokerages also recently commented on IAG. Credit Suisse Group AG upped their price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 606 ($7.48) to GBX 631 ($7.79) and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a buy rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Barclays PLC upped their price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 460 ($5.68) to GBX 550 ($6.79) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. BNP Paribas upped their price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 550 ($6.79) to GBX 575 ($7.10) and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upped their price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 465 ($5.74) to GBX 490 ($6.05) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 458.84 ($5.67). International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) opened at 547.50 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 522.24 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 455.85. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a one year low of GBX 281.73 and a one year high of GBX 576.84. The firm’s market cap is GBX 11.61 billion. Your IP Address: International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Company Profile International Consolidated Airlines Group SA (IAG) is an airline company holding interests in airline and ancillary operations. The Company’s segments include British Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and Other Group companies. British Airways is an international airline and carrier. Iberia is an airline between Europe and Latin America. Receive News & Ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 March 2017 by Military News Santander Bank Announces Cash Tender Offers For Any And All Of Its 2.00% Senior Notes Due 2018 & Senior Floating Rate Notes Due 2018 BOSTON, March 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Santander Bank, N.A. (the "Bank"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. ("SHUSA"), today announced the commencement of cash tender offers (each, an "Offer") for any and all of its outstanding (i) 2.00% Senior Notes due 2018 and (ii) Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2018 (collectively, the "Notes"), at the purchase prices indicated below:   Security CUSIP Outstanding Principal Amount Purchase Price (per $1,000)(1) 2.00% Senior Notes Due 2018 80280JDB4 $750,000,000 $1,005 Senior Floating Rate Notes Due 2018 80280JDC2 $250,000,000 $1,005   (1) Plus accrued and unpaid distributions from the last payment date to, but not including, the Payment Date (as defined below) for the applicable series of securities purchased pursuant to the Offer. The Offers are being made pursuant to an Offer to Purchase and a Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, each dated today, which contains detailed information concerning the terms of the Offers.  The Offers will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 28, 2017 unless extended or earlier terminated by the Bank (the "Expiration Date"). Tenders of Notes pursuant to the Offers may be validly withdrawn at any time before the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) if the applicable Offer is extended, the 10th business day after commencement of the applicable Offer.  Notes tendered pursuant to the Offers may also be validly withdrawn at any time after the 60th business day after commencement of the applicable Offer if for any reason the applicable Offer has not been consummated within 60 business days after commencement. Payment for any Notes that are validly tendered and not validly withdrawn and accepted for purchase will be made promptly following the Expiration Date (such date, the "Payment Date"). We expect the Payment Date to occur on March 29, 2017, with respect to Notes accepted for purchase on or about the Expiration Date.  We expect the payment for Notes delivered under the guaranteed delivery procedures to occur on March 31, 2017.  Notes purchased pursuant to the Offers will be cancelled. The Bank is making the Offers in order to retire all or a portion of the Notes prior to their maturity.  The Bank will fund purchases of Notes pursuant to the Offers from cash on hand. The Offers are conditioned upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions described in the Offer to Purchase.  The Offers are not conditioned upon the tender of any minimum principal amount of Notes.  Subject to applicable law, the Bank may, at its sole discretion, waive any condition applicable to the Offers and may extend the Offers.  Under certain conditions and as more fully described in the Offer to Purchase, the Bank may terminate the Offers before the Expiration Date. The Bank has appointed J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Santander Investment Securities Inc. to act as dealer managers for the Offers, and has retained D.F. King & Co., Inc. to serve as the tender agent and information agent.  Requests for documents may be directed to D.F. King & Co., Inc. by telephone at +1-212-269-5550 (banks and brokers) or +1 800-820-2416.  Questions regarding the Offers may be directed to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at +1 866-834-4666 or collect at +1 212-834-3424 or Santander Investment Securities Inc. at +1 855-404-3636 or collect at +1 212-940-1442. Copies of the Offer to Purchase and related Notice of Guaranteed Delivery are available at the following web address: www.dfking.com/santander. Neither the Offer to Purchase or the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery nor any related documents have been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, nor have any such documents been filed with or reviewed by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority of any country.  No authority has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the Offer to Purchase or the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or any related documents, and it is unlawful and may be a criminal offense to make any representation to the contrary. This announcement is not an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to purchase.  The Offers are being made solely by the Bank pursuant to the Offer to Purchase and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.  The Offers are not being made to, nor will the Bank accept tenders of Notes from, holders in any jurisdiction in which the Offers or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdiction. Santander Bank, N.A. is one of the country's top retail and commercial banks by deposits and a wholly owned subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A. - one of the most respected banking groups in the world. With its corporate offices in Boston, Santander Bank's more than 675 branches and nearly 2,100 ATMs are principally located in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Delaware. The Bank's 9,400 employees are committed to helping our 2.1 million customers make progress toward their financial goals with the support of our call centers, interactive online banking platform and easy-to-use mobile app. Madrid-based Banco Santander (NYSE: SAN) serves more than 125 million customers in the U.K., Europe, Latin America and the U.S. Through its local affiliates, including Santander Bank, Banco Santander is the largest corporate contributor to higher education in the world, investing over $165 million annually in colleges and universities across more than 20 countries, including the U.S. For more information on Santander Bank, please visit www.santanderbank.com. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, or future events are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. Such statements include, but are not limited to, the Bank's statements regarding the Offers. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as "anticipates," "believes," "can," "could," "may," "predicts," "potential," "should," "will," "looking forward," "would," "hopes," "assumes," "estimates," "plans," "projects," "continuing," "ongoing," "expects," "intends," and similar words or phrases. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date on which the statements are made, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on various important factors and assumptions, some of which are beyond our control.  For additional discussion of these risks, refer to the section entitled "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in the Annual Report on Form 10-K SHUSA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ from those reflected in forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties described in SHUSA's filings with the SEC.  New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Bank to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in communication.  In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Bank or any other person that the Bank's expectations, objectives or plans will be achieved in the timeframe anticipated or at all.  Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the Bank's forward-looking statements, and the Bank undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.  Any forward-looking statements only speak as of the date of this document, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking information or statements, whether written or oral, to reflect any change, except as required by law.  All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. Disclaimer This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase and related Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.  This announcement and the Offer to Purchase and related Notice of Guaranteed Delivery (including the documents incorporated by reference therein) contain important information which must be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offers.  If any holder of Notes is in any doubt as to the action it should take, it is recommended to seek its own legal, tax, accounting and financial advice, including as to any tax consequences, immediately from its stockbroker, bank manager, attorney, accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser.  Any individual or company whose Notes are held on its behalf by a broker, dealer, bank, custodian, trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to participate in the Offers.  None of the Bank, SHUSA, the dealer managers, the information agent, and any person who controls, or is a director, officer, employee or agent of such persons, or any affiliate of such persons, makes any recommendation as to whether holders of Notes should participate in the Offers. FINANCIAL CONTACTS:  Juan Carlos Alvarez  617.757.3520  jalvare1@santander.us Andrew Withers  617.757.3524  awithers@santander.us MEDIA CONTACTS:  Ann Davis  617.757.5891  ann.davis@santander.us Nancy Orlando  617.757.5765  nancy.orlando@santander.us SOURCE Santander Bank, N.A. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers, Takeovers, Banking/Financial Services, Business, commission, Companies, company, Education, Legal, offense, officer, private, section, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Worldwide Healthcare RCM Industry 2020: Challenges, Growth Factors, Drivers, Trends, Demand, Share, Opportunities, Geographical Regions and Analysis Next PostNext In Vitro Diagnostics: Five News Stories of Note – March 2017 Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Manhattan Associates Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manhattan Associates Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Position Decreased by AQR Capital Management LLC March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AQR Capital Management LLC reduced its position in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (NASDAQ:MANH) by 78.7% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 97,761 shares of the company’s stock after selling 360,229 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Manhattan Associates were worth $5,184,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. American Capital Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Manhattan Associates during the third quarter worth $76,342,000. Douglas Lane & Associates LLC raised its position in shares of Manhattan Associates by 17.6% in the third quarter. Douglas Lane & Associates LLC now owns 451,680 shares of the company’s stock worth $26,026,000 after buying an additional 67,738 shares during the last quarter. Decatur Capital Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Manhattan Associates during the third quarter worth $1,946,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Manhattan Associates by 71.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 219,444 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,644,000 after buying an additional 91,801 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Manhattan Associates by 2.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,560,172 shares of the company’s stock worth $147,517,000 after buying an additional 58,325 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 99.68% of the company’s stock. Shares of Manhattan Associates, Inc. (NASDAQ:MANH) opened at 48.95 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $49.92 and a 200-day moving average of $52.96. The company has a market cap of $3.45 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.46 and a beta of 1.13. Manhattan Associates, Inc. has a 52-week low of $46.11 and a 52-week high of $68.57. Manhattan Associates (NASDAQ:MANH) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.03. Manhattan Associates had a net margin of 20.55% and a return on equity of 70.51%. The firm had revenue of $147.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $149.83 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.39 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Manhattan Associates, Inc. will post $1.91 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: MANH has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Manhattan Associates from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Manhattan Associates in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Brean Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $75.00 target price on shares of Manhattan Associates in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Benchmark Co. cut their target price on shares of Manhattan Associates from $71.00 to $65.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. Manhattan Associates has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $68.50. Manhattan Associates Company Profile Manhattan Associates, Inc (Manhattan) is a developer and provider of supply chain commerce solutions. The Company operates through three geographical segments: the Americas, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and the Asia Pacific (APAC). It is engaged in developing, selling, deploying, servicing and maintaining software solutions designed to manage supply chains, inventory and omni-channel operations for retailers, wholesalers, manufacturers, logistics providers and other organizations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MANH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Manhattan Associates, Inc. (NASDAQ:MANH). Receive News & Ratings for Manhattan Associates Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manhattan Associates Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UK markets regulator wins "London Whale" identity case in top court By Reuters Published: 07:08 EDT, 22 March 2017 | Updated: 07:08 EDT, 22 March 2017 e-mail LONDON, March 22 (Reuters) - The UK's markets regulator did not wrongfully identify a former JPMorgan executive in a landmark case over what details it can publish when it fines banks for breaching rules, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday. The ruling will set a precedent for seven similar cases in which traders say they were criticised in Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) penalty notices and were not given the chance to contest findings before they were published. "The FCA is pleased that there is now a final ruling and is considering the impact of the Supreme Court's judgment on other third party (cases) currently before the tribunal," a FCA spokeswoman said. The FCA had challenged lower court rulings that it identified Greek national Achilles Macris, without naming him, when it fined JPMorgan 138 million pounds ($172 million) in 2013 over the "London Whale" scandal. Macris was the former chief investment officer of JPMorgan's synthetic credit portfolio team in London, which ran up $6.2 billion in losses in 2012 in the "London Whale" trades, so-called because of their magnitude. The bank was fined $1.0 billion by U.S. and UK regulators for management failings. ($1 = 0.8009 pounds) (Reporting by Kirstin Ridley; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) 12,964 Shares in Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Acquired by Credit Agricole S A March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Credit Agricole S A purchased a new position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm purchased 12,964 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $349,000. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in PTEN. Van ECK Associates Corp raised its position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 33.6% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 8,545,470 shares of the company’s stock worth $230,044,000 after buying an additional 2,151,132 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,789,528 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,512,000 after buying an additional 205,298 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 14.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,610,679 shares of the company’s stock worth $125,511,000 after buying an additional 727,827 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 4,141,885 shares of the company’s stock worth $111,502,000 after buying an additional 53,727 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential PLC raised its position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 3,343,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $89,996,000 after buying an additional 27,400 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 98.84% of the company’s stock. Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN) opened at 24.91 on Wednesday. Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. has a 52 week low of $16.06 and a 52 week high of $29.76. The company has a 50-day moving average of $27.14 and a 200 day moving average of $25.03. The company’s market cap is $3.65 billion. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported ($0.53) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.54) by $0.01. Patterson-UTI Energy had a negative net margin of 34.79% and a negative return on equity of 13.25%. The company had revenue of $247 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $228.83 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.40) earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 27.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. will post ($1.32) EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 8th will be given a $0.02 dividend. This represents a $0.08 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.32%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, March 6th. Patterson-UTI Energy’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -3.69%. Your IP Address: A number of research analysts recently commented on PTEN shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. KeyCorp upgraded shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from a “sector weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $35.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $34.00 target price on shares of Patterson-UTI Energy in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. BMO Capital Markets set a $28.00 target price on shares of Patterson-UTI Energy and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 11th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $18.00 to $23.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $26.79. About Patterson-UTI Energy Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc owns and operates fleets of land-based drilling rigs and a fleet of pressure pumping equipment in the United States. The Company operates in three segments: Contract Drilling, Pressure Pumping, and Oil and Natural Gas. The Company provides contract drilling services to oil and natural gas operators in the continental United States, and western and northern Canada. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PTEN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN). Receive News & Ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Proto Labs Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Proto Labs Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Andrew Koven Sells 7,025 Shares of Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) Stock Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) CEO Sells $112,365.00 in Stock Harry Fleming Purchases 25,000 Shares of Nobilis Health Corp (NHC) Stock Gerald K. Carlson Sells 12,000 Shares of Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Stock Insider Buying: PJT Partners Inc (PJT) Chairman Buys 16,500 Shares of Stock Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Major Shareholder Credit Opportunit Bluemountain Sells 115,438 Shares Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class A (OSG) Major Shareholder Bluemountain Capital Managemen Sells 65,253 Shares Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Position Raised by Comerica Bank March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Comerica Bank raised its position in Proto Labs Inc (NYSE:PRLB) by 4.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 25,949 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,121 shares during the period. Comerica Bank’s holdings in Proto Labs were worth $1,390,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of PRLB. Riverbridge Partners LLC increased its stake in Proto Labs by 8.6% in the third quarter. Riverbridge Partners LLC now owns 1,902,885 shares of the company’s stock worth $114,002,000 after buying an additional 150,739 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Proto Labs by 9.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,654,935 shares of the company’s stock worth $99,147,000 after buying an additional 137,230 shares during the period. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Proto Labs by 107.2% in the third quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC now owns 1,449,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $86,840,000 after buying an additional 750,000 shares during the period. GW&K Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Proto Labs by 5.1% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 715,401 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,860,000 after buying an additional 34,986 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Proto Labs by 219.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 709,989 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,534,000 after buying an additional 488,050 shares during the period. Shares of Proto Labs Inc (NYSE:PRLB) opened at 50.60 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $1.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.43 and a beta of 0.71. Proto Labs Inc has a 12-month low of $43.10 and a 12-month high of $82.06. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $53.74 and its 200-day moving average price is $53.31. Proto Labs (NYSE:PRLB) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.41 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.39 by $0.02. The business earned $72.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $72.41 million. Proto Labs had a return on equity of 11.79% and a net margin of 14.33%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.50 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Proto Labs Inc will post $1.99 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised Proto Labs from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. Proto Labs presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $70.25. In other Proto Labs news, VP John B. Tumelty sold 862 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $56.78, for a total transaction of $48,944.36. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 17,057 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $968,496.46. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Victoria M. Holt sold 2,025 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $56.80, for a total value of $115,020.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 44,018 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,500,222.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 8.48% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Proto Labs Proto Labs, Inc is an e-commerce driven digital manufacturer of on-demand three dimensional (3D) printed, computer numerical control (CNC) machined and injection-molded custom parts for prototyping and short-run production. The Company’s geographic segments include the United States, Europe and Japan. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PRLB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Proto Labs Inc (NYSE:PRLB). Receive News & Ratings for Proto Labs Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Proto Labs Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Carnival, Facebook, Freeport-McMoRan, Motorola Solutions, Procter & Gamble and Many More By Jon C. Ogg March 21, 2017 8:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while other reports cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Some color has been added on many of the following calls, and the consensus analyst price targets referenced are from Thomson Reuters. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Tuesday, March 21, 2017: Carnival Corp. (NYSE: CCL) was raised to Outperform from Market Perform at Wells Fargo. Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $175 price target (versus a $139.94 prior close) at BTIG. Facebook has a consensus analyst price target of $159.82 and a 52-week trading range of $106.31 to $140.34. Freeport-McMoran Inc. (NYSE: FCX) was raised to Hold from Sell and the price target was raised to $14.00 from $12.50 (versus a $12.73 close) at Deutsche Bank. Motorola Solutions Inc. (NYSE: MSI) was raised to Buy from Hold and the price target was raised to $100 from $75 (versus an $84.30 close) at Jefferies. The firm feels that the LMR risk (LTE) is increasingly looking like a red herring and that Motorola’s consensus earnings expectations are too low. Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) was started as Neutral with a $98 price target at JPMorgan in a broad-based neutral sector call on consumer products. Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ: NKTR) was reiterated as Buy and the price target was raised to $25 from $17 (versus a $22.11 close) at Jefferies. The firm feels that the unexpected Phase 3 success for NKTR-181 brings this mu-opioid analgesic back to life and feels that it could become Nektar’s largest and most profitable product as it squarely addresses the opioid epidemic. Janney has a Buy rating and moved its fair value for Nektar to $23. Credit Suisse’s equity strategy team is signaling that it has become more worried about the potential for a pullback short term, due to peak valuations, escalating uncertainty about the policy path in Washington, and based on concerns about a modest downtick in global IP momentum near term. Still, they remain buyers on dips for now and noted that fund flows and the longer term economic outlook remain constructive. Other key analyst calls were seen in the following: Aevi Genomic Medicine Inc. (NASDAQ: GNMX) was downgraded to Hold from Buy and the price target was slashed to $2.50 from $10.00 (versus a $2.21 close) at Jefferies. Akamai Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: AKAM) was started as Buy with a $90 price target (versus a $64.86 close) at Drexel Hamilton. BCE Inc. (NYSE: BCE) was started as Overweight with a $47 price target (versus a $43.11 close) at Barclays. BWX Technologies Inc. (NYSE: BWXT) was raised to Buy from Neutral and the price objective was raised to $55 from $43 at Merrill Lynch. Columbia Sportswear Co. (NASDAQ: COLM) was reiterated as Outperform and the price target was raised to $72 from $69 (versus a $57.53 close) at Wedbush. The firm feels the company is taking the right steps and sees estimates driving upside in 2017. Constellation Brands Inc. (NYSE: STZ) was started as Overweight with a $183 price target (versus a $162.55 close) at JPMorgan. Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc. (NASDAQ: CBRL) was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus, based on slowing comparable store sales growth. Estee Lauder Companies Inc. (NYSE: EL) was started as Overweight with a $100 price target (versus an $86.51 close) at JPMorgan. HubSpot Inc. (NYSE: HUBS) was downgraded to Outperform from Strong Buy with a $73 price target (versus a $64.30 close) at Raymond James. Monster Beverage Corp. (NASDAQ: MNST) was started as Overweight and the price target was set at $56 at JPMorgan. Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE: NWL) was started as Overweight with a $63 price target (versus a $48.57 close) at JPMorgan. Nord Anglia Education Inc. (NYSE: NORD) was started as Buy with a $29 price target (versus a $24.13 close) at Citigroup. Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ: PAAS) was raised to Outperform from Sector Perform with a $22 price target (versus a $17.20 close) at RBC Capital Markets. Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. (NASDAQ: SFM) was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform with a $24 price target (versus a $21.83 close) at BMO Capital Markets. Tesoro Logistics L.P. (NYSE: TLLP) was started as Buy with a $62 price target (versus a $52.50 close) at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Bernstein downgraded certain food companies. While they were not all the calls, Campbell Soup, ConAgra, Kellogg and General Mills were downgraded to Underperform from Market Perform. Follow @Jonogg on Twitter to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your feed. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Amazon’s Alexa Adds Voice Shopping for Prime Now Tesla Owners Love Their Cars, Despite Many Flaws » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Akamai Technologies (NASDAQ:AKAM), BCE, Inc. (USA) (NYSE:BCE), Cracker Barrel Old Country Sto... (NASDAQ:CBRL), Carnival Corp (NYSE:CCL), Columbia Sportswear Company (NASDAQ:COLM), The Estee Lauder Companies, In... (NYSE:EL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold... (NYSE:FCX), HUBS, Monster Beverage (NASDAQ:MNST), Motorola Solutions, Inc. (NYSE:MSI), Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR), Newell Rubbermaid, Inc. (NYSE:NWL), Pan American Silver Corp. (USA... (NASDAQ:PAAS), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), SFM, Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ), Tesoro Logistics (NYSE:TLLP) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Enquest Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enquest Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Equiniti Group PLC (EQN) Insider Sells 115,000 Shares of Stock Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Price Target Cut to $18.00 Richard J. Hipple Sells 6,000 Shares of Materion Corp (MTRN) Stock Insider Selling: Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) VP Sells $206,020.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Inogen Inc (INGN) EVP Sells $184,625.00 in Stock BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) CFO Sells $182,908.44 in Stock Andrew (Andy) Roberts Acquires 1,100,000 Shares of 1Spatial PLC (SPA) Stock Imperial Capital Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Zix Co. (ZIXI) Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Stake Decreased by Archford Capital Strategies LLC 3,000 Shares in E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Acquired by Heritage Way Advisors LLC Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Sells 600 Shares of Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Takes Position in FedEx Co. (FDX) Insider Selling: Ambarella Inc (AMBA) CEO Sells $447,890.49 in Stock Janus Capital Management LLC Has $554,000 Stake in Life Storage Inc (LSI) CSRA Inc (CSRA) Shares Bought by Janus Capital Management LLC Janus Capital Management LLC Sells 13,256 Shares of Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) AQR Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Acquires 357 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Enquest Plc (ENQ) March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Enquest Plc (LON:ENQ)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 64 ($0.79) target price on shares of Enquest Plc in a research note on Wednesday. Canaccord Genuity lifted their price target on Enquest Plc from GBX 30 ($0.37) to GBX 40 ($0.49) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Macquarie cut their price target on Enquest Plc from GBX 80 ($0.99) to GBX 79 ($0.98) and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Barclays PLC lifted their price target on Enquest Plc from GBX 40 ($0.49) to GBX 48 ($0.59) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a GBX 34 ($0.42) price target on shares of Enquest Plc in a report on Monday, February 6th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 43.88 ($0.54). Shares of Enquest Plc (LON:ENQ) opened at 42.25 on Wednesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 328.03 million. Enquest Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 18.26 and a 1-year high of GBX 56.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 46.18 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 37.54. Your IP Address: In other news, insider Carl Hughes bought 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 26th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 48 ($0.59) per share, with a total value of £9,600 ($11,856.24). About Enquest Plc EnQuest PLC is a United Kingdom-based oil and gas development and production company. The Company’s principal activities are the exploration for, and extraction and production of, hydrocarbons in the United Kingdom Continental Shelf and Malaysia. The Company focuses on maturing assets and undeveloped oil fields. Receive News & Ratings for Enquest Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enquest Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Would you like to see more home revitalization? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorial Police Blotter Bee Heard Education Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events RealEstate WNY Services News Archive Advertiser Index Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-03-22 / Front Page Tweet Print Land Bank rehabs Allegany Avenue home by ANNA WALTERS Editor For years, the property at 22 Allegany Ave. in Kenmore was seen as an “eyesore” by neighbors. Now, it’s a newly rehabilitated home. In 2015, the property was donated to the Land Bank by JPMorgan Chase. The house sat vacant after a fire that occurred more than six years ago. “The original homeowners did do some of the initial work to repair it, and then it stopped and became a ‘zombie’ proper- ty after,” said Kenmore Mayor Patrick Mang. “We’ve been dealing with it ever since.” Trapped in foreclosure limbo, zombie properties are vacant or abandoned homes that are known as a nuisance to community members as the houses steadily deteriorate over time. The Buffalo Erie Niagara Land Improvement Corporation seeks to alleviate these problems that distressed properties cause for communities. BENLIC supports municipal and regional revitalization efforts by strategically acquiring, improving, assembling and selling distressed, vacant, abandoned and/or tax-delinquent properties. “In the past, surrounding homeowners had no recourse as properties slid into ‘zombie’ status and were forced to watch as their own property values dipped due to the zombie next door or down the street,” said Erie County Executive Mark Poloncarz in a prepared statement. “The Land Bank is working to reverse that process and strengthen our neighborhoods one home at a time, weeding out the zombies and adding new life to communities as properties return to respectability and to the tax rolls.” The property at 22 Allegany has undergone more than $110,000 in improvements since it was donated to BENLIC, according to the statement. The property was converted from a three-bedroom and one-bath home to a four-bedroom and two-bath home with design assistance from the architecture firm Conway & Company. Other improvements include a complete kitchen remodel, all new flooring and trim, new front porch, new electrical service, and insulation and drywall. BENLIC’s rehabilitation of the home was made possible with funds from the New York State Office of the Attorney General’s Community Revitalization Initiative. The home will be sold to a qualified moderate-income homebuyer as part of the CRI. According to Mang, a property located at 332 Wabash Ave. is currently being rehabbed in the village as well. “Our mission includes returning property we acquire to productive use and leaving property in better shape than we found it,” said Jocelyn Gordon, executive director of BENLIC. “This fine home languished in one of Erie County’s most marketable neighborhoods for years. People love to buy property in Kenmore. Our Land Bank enables municipalities to get these properties back on the tax rolls and in the hands of a responsible buyer.” Program coordinator Alex Carducci noted that they worked on the rehabilitation at 22 Allegany for approximately a year and a couple of months. BENLIC’s selection process has a lot to do with the cooperation of local municipalities. According to Carducci, it identifies property candidates and works with municipalities to acquire them. He says most of the time, the properties are tax-delinquent, but in the case of 22 Allegany it was donated. The Land Bank also completed and sold a rehabilitated home at 74 Stillwell Ave. Carducci noted that Kenmore has been a good partner and involved in the process multiple times. “They reviewed the information we send to them ahead of the start of the process and are good at getting back to us,” Carducci said of the village, adding that this means officials are looking out for their community. “I would personally like to thank BENLIC for seeing the value there and investing time and money into our village, and I can’t say enough about the good work that they do,” Mang said. For more information, visit www.benlic.org. email: awalters@beenews.com Return to top Browse Archives
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing SAGE Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Pacira Pharmaceuticals (PCRX) Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.23 Per Share Traders Sell NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) on Strength on Insider Selling Enova International Inc (ENVA) VP John Higginson Sells 3,500 Shares Chase Co. (CCF) Insider Peter R. Chase Sells 500 Shares of Stock HPQ Silicon Resources Inc (HPQ) Insider Exploration Ltd. Fancamp Sells 100,000 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 40,000 Shares of Stock Napco Security Technologies Inc (NSSC) Insider Jorge Hevia Sells 15,000 Shares Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Insider Scott Roza Sells 3,545 Shares MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) VP David E. Dykstra Sells 5,353 Shares Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (SYKE) Insider David Pearson Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Five Below Inc (FIVE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS PVH Corp (PVH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Pacific Crest Initiates Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Lowered to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) CEO John L. Higgins Sells 4,000 Shares KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Major Shareholder David L. Hatcher Sells 9,000 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Posted by William Strong on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet SAGE Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:SAGE)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at Canaccord Genuity in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. Several other analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of SAGE Therapeutics in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. HC Wainwright cut SAGE Therapeutics from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $56.00 to $76.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised SAGE Therapeutics from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $84.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. BMO Capital Markets set a $68.00 price objective on SAGE Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Chardan Capital raised SAGE Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. SAGE Therapeutics has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $76.08. Shares of SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ:SAGE) traded down 6.99% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $63.77. 500,477 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $60.61 and a 200 day moving average of $50.81. The firm’s market capitalization is $2.38 billion. SAGE Therapeutics has a one year low of $26.28 and a one year high of $70.98. SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ:SAGE) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.50) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.17) by $0.33. On average, analysts forecast that SAGE Therapeutics will post ($6.83) EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: In other SAGE Therapeutics news, CFO Kimi Iguchi sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $53.92, for a total value of $539,200.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 5.60% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Fernwood Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at approximately $241,000. SG Americas Securities LLC acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at approximately $246,000. Sei Investments Co. increased its position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics by 2,336.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 5,702 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 5,468 shares during the period. Denver Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $338,000. Finally, Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $386,000. 99.92% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. SAGE Therapeutics Company Profile SAGE Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing and commercializing medicines to treat central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Its lead product candidate, SAGE-547 is an intravenous formulation of allopregnanolone, a neurosteroid that acts as a synaptic and extrasynaptic modulator of the GABAA receptor. Receive News & Ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cohen & Steers, Inc. (CNS) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Next » Workday Inc (WDAY) Insider Mark S. Peek Sells 22,222 Shares Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Race Horse Syndication Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana The Deal Sheet Managed FX Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Volatility is High in a Downward Trend By HEFFX Australia on March 21, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Volatility is High in a Downward Trend Overall, the bias in prices is: Sideways. Short term: Prices are stalling. Intermediate term: Prices are trending. The projected upper bound is: 90.54. The projected lower bound is: 84.29. The projected closing price is: 87.42. Candlesticks A big black candle occurred. This is bearish, as prices closed significantly lower than they opened. If the candle appears when prices are “high,” it may be the first sign of a top. If it occurs when prices are confronting an overhead resistance area (e.g., a moving average, trendline, or price resistance level), the long black candle adds credibility to the resistance. Similarly, if the candle appears as prices break below a support area, the long black candle confirms the failure of the support area. During the past 10 bars, there have been 2 white candles and 8 black candles for a net of 6 black candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 26 white candles and 24 black candles for a net of 2 white candles. Three black candles occurred in the last three days. Although these candles were not big enough to create three black crows, the steady downward pattern is bearish. Momentum Indicators Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators. Stochastic Oscillator One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 5.7851. This is an oversold reading. However, a signal is not generated until the Oscillator crosses above 20 The last signal was a buy 6 period(s) ago. Relative Strength Index (RSI) The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 35.48. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 13 period(s) ago. Commodity Channel Index (CCI) The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is -304.This is an oversold reading. However, a signal isn’t generated until the indicator crosses above -100. The last signal was a sell 11 period(s) ago. MACD The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a sell 10 period(s) ago. Rex Takasugi – TD Profile JPMORGAN CHASE closed down -2.680 at 87.390. Volume was 41% above average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 43% narrower than normal. Open High Low Close Volume___ 90.360 90.640 87.060 87.390 6,945,815 Technical Outlook Short Term: Oversold Intermediate Term: Bearish Long Term: Bullish Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period Close: 90.84 88.40 74.66 Volatility: 18 23 24 Volume: 4,454,088 4,364,958 4,611,668 Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon. Summary JPMORGAN CHASE is currently 17.1% above its 200-period moving average and is in an downward trend. Volatility is extremely high when compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. There is a good possibility that volatility will decrease and prices will stabilize in the near term. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of JPM.N at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bearish on JPM.N and have had this outlook for the last 0 periods.   JPMorgan Chase & Co, news, NYSE, nyse:jpm, outlook, shayne heffernan, trading JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Volatility is High in a Downward Trend added by HEFFX Australia on March 21, 2017 View all posts by HEFFX Australia → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts HEFFX Australia HEFFX has become one of Asia’s leading financial services companies with interests in Publishing, Private Equity, Capital Markets, Mining, Retail, Transport and Agriculture that span every continent of the world. Our clearing partners have unprecedented experience in Equities, Options, Forex and Commodities brokering, banking, physical metals dealing, floor brokering and trading. Latest posts by HEFFX Australia (see all) Amlak Finance (AMLK:DU) Heffx Trading Outlook - March 22, 2017 Mirvac Group (ASX:MGR) Stock Consolidating - March 22, 2017 Amcor Limited (ASX:AMC) Volatility is Low in an Upward Trend - March 22, 2017 Related posts: JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Upward Trend Over for the Time Being JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Buy on Dips Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (NYSE:VRX) Heffx Technical Analysis Aetna Inc (NYSE:AET) Heffx Trading Outlook Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Booking.com Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Asia Business Asset Management Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Managed FX Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana Race Horse Syndication The Deal Sheet Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push WELLS FARGO-ATM/ (CORRECTED):CORRECTED-Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital pushReuters | Mar 23, 2017, 07.15 AM IST (Corrects Velline's title in second paragraph to head of ATM and branch banking, not head of ATM and store strategy) By Tina Bellon NEW YORK, March 22 (Reuters) - Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking. Jonathan Velline, Wells Fargo's head of ATM and branch banking, said that the San Francisco-based bank decided to apply the smartphone technology to all of its 13,000 cash machines after piloting the idea in select locations across the country. Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co are among the big banks that have announced digital upgrades to their ATM infrastructure, but Wells Fargo is the first U.S. bank to roll out cardless machines across its entire network. The 20 million customers on Wells Fargo's mobile banking app will be able to request an eight-digit code to enter along with their personal identification code at an ATM to retrieve cash. "The new feature allows customers to withdraw cash at any time, even when they don't have their cards on them," Velline said. The new option will also improve protections against data theft, Velline said. "Security certainly was a big aspect of the cardless feature and the two-step identification helps reduce the risk of fraud," Velline said, adding that the elimination of cards prevented so-called skimming techniques that criminals employ to read and store data of cards inserted into ATMs. Wells Fargo, the third-largest U.S. bank, was once the envy of Wall Street, able to seemingly sell its customers a range of different products and highly regarded for its stock price which had once made it the world's most valuable bank. But last year's revelations over a sales scandal that involved the creation of as many as 2.1 million fraudulent accounts in customers' names without their permission took a toll on the company. The lender has since seen a sharp drop in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts. As have many other U.S. lenders over the last years, Wells Fargo has invested in the development of digital tools to attract customers and slash costs at its retail branches. "Digitalizing services is unquestionably the way to the future and the arguments are very powerful, but U.S. banks are still far behind," said Gerard du Toit, a partner at consulting firm Bain & Company. Accessible, well-designed digital offers not only provide a massive cost advantage, but also significantly improve customer loyalty, du Toit said. (Reporting by Tina Bellon; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Lisa Shumaker) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web The Jaw Dropping Reason ‘Magnum P.I.’ Went Off The Air DailyDisclosure This Dog Was Chained and Left To Die… What Happens Next .. World Lifestyle Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter!Milaap This Single Father needs help to fight cancerMILAAP His Insane Backyard Pool Idea is Actually Genius (Pics)Grizly Enraged Israeli leader lashes out at U.S.Reuters TV You Won't Be Able To Look Away From These Heartwarming Bab..Dogsome.net The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Best day to campaign with wife is Valentine’s Day’ ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Ad: Milaap Exclusive US NRI payment plan. Pay 20% now and 80% on Poss Ad: Kanakia Group Hindustan Zinc announces special interim dividend of Rs 27.50/share Hindustan Zinc today announced a one-time interim dividend of Rs 13,985 crore for the financial year 2016-17. Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. From around the Web Visit Burbank, CA & fly directly into Hollywood Burbank Ai.. Visit Burbank Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP Clifton: Meal Kit Skeptic? I Was Until I Tried Plated Food & Wine for Plated George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreYorkWells FargoWall StreetvellineToit Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Australia shares head for first gain in four sessions; NZ lower Brent oil may climb to $51.54 Major oil companies open their wallets in Gulf of Mexico bidding U.S. State Dept. misses deadline to manage email records electronically 1Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push 2Australia shares head for first gain in four sessions; NZ lower 3Brent oil may climb to $51.54 4Major oil companies open their wallets in Gulf of Mexico bidding 5U.S. State Dept. misses deadline to manage email records electronically Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament Shooting CM Adityanath UP Cabinet Ministers Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Live: Shooting in UK Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push By Reuters Published: 21:48 EDT, 22 March 2017 | Updated: 21:48 EDT, 22 March 2017 e-mail By Tina Bellon NEW YORK, March 22 (Reuters) - Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo &amp; Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking. Jonathan Velline, Wells Fargo's head of ATM and branch banking, said that the San Francisco-based bank decided to apply the smartphone technology to all of its 13,000 cash machines after piloting the idea in select locations across the country. Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co are among the big banks that have announced digital upgrades to their ATM infrastructure, but Wells Fargo is the first U.S. bank to roll out cardless machines across its entire network. The 20 million customers on Wells Fargo's mobile banking app will be able to request an eight-digit code to enter along with their personal identification code at an ATM to retrieve cash. "The new feature allows customers to withdraw cash at any time, even when they don't have their cards on them," Velline said. The new option will also improve protections against data theft, Velline said. "Security certainly was a big aspect of the cardless feature and the two-step identification helps reduce the risk of fraud," Velline said, adding that the elimination of cards prevented so-called skimming techniques that criminals employ to read and store data of cards inserted into ATMs. Wells Fargo, the third-largest U.S. bank, was once the envy of Wall Street, able to seemingly sell its customers a range of different products and highly regarded for its stock price which had once made it the world's most valuable bank. But last year's revelations over a sales scandal that involved the creation of as many as 2.1 million fraudulent accounts in customers' names without their permission took a toll on the company. The lender has since seen a sharp drop in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts. As have many other U.S. lenders over the last years, Wells Fargo has invested in the development of digital tools to attract customers and slash costs at its retail branches. "Digitalizing services is unquestionably the way to the future and the arguments are very powerful, but U.S. banks are still far behind," said Gerard du Toit, a partner at consulting firm Bain &amp; Company. Accessible, well-designed digital offers not only provide a massive cost advantage, but also significantly improve customer loyalty, du Toit said. (Reporting by Tina Bellon; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 40-57 We set you thinking Thursday 23 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Man arrested trying to drive into crowd in Belgium's Antwerp: Police 1490275860 World We are not afraid: Londoners unite post terror attack 1490275020 Business S’pore most competitive economy in Asia yet again: Boao Forum report 1490273760 Singapore Healthway gets a S$70 million lifeline 1490274720 World Fierce clashes persist in Syria ahead of renewed peace talks 1490272753 World U.S.-Israeli teen arrested in Israel over bomb threats to Jewish centers 1490273692 World Anti-immigrant Sweden Democrats move into second place in polls 1490273132 World Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack 1490272166 World Ukraine president: former MP killing was Russian 'state terrorism' 1490270992 World EU support among Germans reaches 25-year high, survey shows 1490271573 World EU says summons Turkish ambassador over Erdogan comments 1490273590 World 'Worst is yet to come' with 400,000 trapped in west Mosul: U.N. 1490270498 World Exiled former Russian lawmaker shot dead in Kiev: police 1490270394 World Kremlin says Ukrainian claims of Russian hand in ex-MP's murder are 'absurd' 1490271426 Business J&J latest to suspend ads from YouTube over offensive videos 1490273877 Business Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy 1490273187 Business Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' Qatari cashcall probe 1490272630 Business Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong 1490272475 World French national kidnapped in Chad, say military and security sources 1490271535 Business Diamond group De Beers buys out retail partner LVMH 1490271884 World UK parliament attacker British-born, had been investigated over extremism concerns 1490273184 Business Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout 1490272705 Business Akzo Nobel CEO: won't meet with PPG to talk about bid 1490271330 World Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack 1490268960 Lifestyle Search and rescue training, modified for fitness’ sake 1490256420 Entertainment Singapore singer teams up with New York-based producer for new song 1490260920 Entertainment ‘An award is an award’: Michelle Chong 1490254860 Sports LaLiga plans Asia domination 1490271120 Business Auto financing goes online for tech savvy car buyers 1490263620 Lifestyle Beer market to be featured at Artbox Singapore 1490265960 Entertainment Rocking S’pore hard, with orchestras  and electric guitars 1490179920 Daily Focus Smartphone device can test sperm quality 1490231760 Singapore A ‘Singapore standard’ hospital in Vietnam for women, children 1490212920 China&India Food safety authority orders Hong Kong supermarket to pull baby formula from shelves for low iodine levels 1490148360 Singapore HK to charge shipping firm, captain over lack of Terrex transport licence 1490180760 Singapore 2016 hottest year in S’pore, overall rainfall less than normal 1490266740 World France's Le Pen to visit Moscow on Friday: Russian lawmaker 1490269615 World Dutch Green Left to participate in coalition talks 1490268613 World London attack won't delay start of Brexit talks: PM May's spokesman 1490268984 World London attacker was British-born, known to intelligence services: May 1490267989 World Suspected Indonesian radical killed in counter-terrorism operation 1490267874 World China says hopes new Japanese carrier doesn't mark return to militarism 1490266977 Business As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact 1490267236 Business Shell reluctant to part with California refinery amid asset sale 1490270169 World 'What a mad world' says minister who tried to save wounded officer in parliament 1490269065 World Vienna Airport appeals against ban on expansion 1490269989 Business Oil up from four-month lows, inventories curb recovery 1490268552 Singapore No reports of Singaporeans injured in London attack; Ministers urge vigilance 1490224620 China&India Kindergartners in China hospitalised after being given antipsychotic medication 1490269560 Singapore 2 teens charged with housebreaking; investigations ongoing for thefts from rented Airbnb apartment 1490242500 Business Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:40 AM, March 23, 2017 Updated: 10:40 AM, March 23, 2017 NEW YORK - Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking. Jonathan Velline, Wells Fargo's head of ATM and branch banking, said that the San Francisco-based bank decided to apply the smartphone technology to all of its 13,000 cash machines after piloting the idea in select locations across the country. Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co are among the big banks that have announced digital upgrades to their ATM infrastructure, but Wells Fargo is the first U.S. bank to roll out cardless machines across its entire network. The 20 million customers on Wells Fargo's mobile banking app will be able to request an eight-digit code to enter along with their personal identification code at an ATM to retrieve cash. "The new feature allows customers to withdraw cash at any time, even when they don't have their cards on them," Velline said. The new option will also improve protections against data theft, Velline said. "Security certainly was a big aspect of the cardless feature and the two-step identification helps reduce the risk of fraud," Velline said, adding that the elimination of cards prevented so-called skimming techniques that criminals employ to read and store data of cards inserted into ATMs. Wells Fargo, the third-largest U.S. bank, was once the envy of Wall Street, able to seemingly sell its customers a range of different products and highly regarded for its stock price which had once made it the world's most valuable bank. But last year's revelations over a sales scandal that involved the creation of as many as 2.1 million fraudulent accounts in customers' names without their permission took a toll on the company. The lender has since seen a sharp drop in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts. As have many other U.S. lenders over the last years, Wells Fargo has invested in the development of digital tools to attract customers and slash costs at its retail branches. "Digitalizing services is unquestionably the way to the future and the arguments are very powerful, but U.S. banks are still far behind," said Gerard du Toit, a partner at consulting firm Bain & Company. Accessible, well-designed digital offers not only provide a massive cost advantage, but also significantly improve customer loyalty, du Toit said. (This story corrects Velline's title in second paragraph to head of ATM and branch banking, not head of ATM and store strategy) REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘America First’ policy forces rethink of China-EU trade ties ‘Ability to adapt to new roles key to survival in new economy’ World stocks touch record high, dollar decline deepens With Sears' future in doubt, vendors begin pulling back Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push Wells Fargo CEO receives pay bump despite sales scandal Wells Fargo banks on new ad campaign to regain customer trust Walmart announces plan to invest $800 million in Chile Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties: U.S. regulator Wall Street ends sharply lower on fears of tax cut delays Inside Today World Man arrested trying to drive into crowd in Belgium's Antwerp: Police We are not afraid: Londoners unite post terror attack U.S.-Israeli teen arrested in Israel over bomb threats to Jewish centers EU says summons Turkish ambassador over Erdogan comments UK parliament attacker British-born, had been investigated over extremism concerns Business J&J latest to suspend ads from YouTube over offensive videos S’pore most competitive economy in Asia yet again: Boao Forum report Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' Qatari cashcall probe Sports LaLiga plans Asia domination Search and rescue training, modified for fitness’ sake Pennefather joins Bill Ng’s team for FAS elections Bill Ng hits back at controversial remarks Lim-Prasad, Walton launch their shoe donation campaign for needy youth Entertainment Visionary artistic director appointed for S’pore International Festival Of Arts Singapore singer teams up with New York-based producer for new song ‘An award is an award’: Michelle Chong ‘Power Rangers’: A superhero movie too far? Rocking S’pore hard, with orchestras  and electric guitars About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home World news Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across US in digital push Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across US in digital push Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking. By: Reuters | New York | Published: March 23, 2017 5:38 AM Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking. (Reuters) Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking. Jonathan Velline, Wells Fargo’s head of ATM and store strategy, said that the San Francisco-based bank decided to apply the smartphone technology to all of its 13,000 cash machines after piloting the idea in select locations across the country. Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co are among the big banks that have announced digital upgrades to their ATM infrastructure, but Wells Fargo is the first U.S. bank to roll out cardless machines across its entire network. The 20 million customers on Wells Fargo’s mobile banking app will be able to request an eight-digit code to enter along with their personal identification code at an ATM to retrieve cash. “The new feature allows customers to withdraw cash at any time, even when they don’t have their cards on them,” Velline said. The new option will also improve protections against data theft, Velline said. “Security certainly was a big aspect of the cardless feature and the two-step identification helps reduce the risk of fraud,” Velline said, adding that the elimination of cards prevented so-called skimming techniques that criminals employ to read and store data of cards inserted into ATMs. Wells Fargo, the third-largest U.S. bank, was once the envy of Wall Street, able to seemingly sell its customers a range of different products and highly regarded for its stock price which had once made it the world’s most valuable bank. But last year’s revelations over a sales scandal that involved the creation of as many as 2.1 million fraudulent accounts in customers’ names without their permission took a toll on the company. The lender has since seen a sharp drop in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts. As have many other U.S. lenders over the last years, Wells Fargo has invested in the development of digital tools to attract customers and slash costs at its retail branches. “Digitalizing services is unquestionably the way to the future and the arguments are very powerful, but U.S. banks are still far behind,” said Gerard du Toit, a partner at consulting firm Bain & Company. Accessible, well-designed digital offers not only provide a massive cost advantage, but also significantly improve customer loyalty, du Toit said. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Request for extradition of Vijay Mallya, 9 others pending with UK: Govt Indian Air Force to participate in air combat exercise in Israel IPL 2017: After JP Duminy, Delhi Daredevils may not get Quinton De Kock's services as well SC asks states to upload information on mid-day meal scheme on website Narayan Rane rubbishes rumors of quitting Congress Pakistan has to vacate PoK, Gilgit-Baltistan: Union Minister Jitendra Singh Lawyers' strike affects work in district courts India hits back at Pakistan envoy's shocking remark on Kashmir, asks it to take effective action against terrorism Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover spat: Raju Srivastava to lend his magic touch on a permanent basis? MCD Polls 2017: Delhi HC disposes pleas seeking delimitation of wards No proposal to enhance quota percentage: Thaawar Chand Gehlot Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News यूपी पुलिस की एंटी रोमियो स्क्‍वैड की हरकतों पर धारा 499 के तहत सीएम आदित्‍य नाथ पर बन सकता है मानहानि का केस कर्मचारी को चप्‍पल से पीटने वाले शिव सेना सांसद के खिलाफ एयर इंडिया ने कराई FIR, स्‍टाफ बोला- देश को भगवान बचाए नवजोत सिंह सिद्धू ने कहा-घर चलाने के लिए मेरा टीवी पर आना जरुरी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) CEO Sells $47,803.21 in Stock Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 23rd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:ADMS) CEO Gregory T. Went sold 2,807 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.03, for a total transaction of $47,803.21. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 166,526 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,835,937.78. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:ADMS) traded up 1.39% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $17.47. 129,876 shares of the stock were exchanged. Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc has a one year low of $12.07 and a one year high of $19.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $17.11 and a 200-day moving average of $16.25. The company’s market cap is $388.17 million. Adamas Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ADMS) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($0.68) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.80) by $0.12. The firm earned $0.04 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $0.17 million. Adamas Pharmaceuticals had a negative return on equity of 38.31% and a negative net margin of 5,267.99%. The firm’s revenue was down 92.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($0.58) earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc will post ($3.26) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) CEO Sells $47,803.21 in Stock” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/23/adamas-pharmaceuticals-inc-adms-ceo-sells-47803-21-in-stock.html. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 4.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 163,450 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,683,000 after buying an additional 7,651 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust boosted its position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 2.1% in the third quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 571,789 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $9,383,000 after buying an additional 11,910 shares in the last quarter. Brenner West Capital Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 15.0% in the third quarter. Brenner West Capital Advisors LLC now owns 1,169,275 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $19,188,000 after buying an additional 152,275 shares in the last quarter. Baker BROS. Advisors LP acquired a new position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at approximately $2,833,000. Finally, Opus Point Partners Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 32.7% in the third quarter. Opus Point Partners Management LLC now owns 60,000 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $985,000 after buying an additional 14,802 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 75.44% of the company’s stock. ADMS has been the topic of several research reports. Mizuho reiterated a “top pick” rating and issued a $26.00 price target on shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $28.43. Adamas Pharmaceuticals Company Profile Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing medicines to manage the daily lives of those affected by chronic neurologic disorders. It offers a platform based on an understanding of time dependent biologic effects of disease activity and drug response to achieve relief without tolerability issues. Receive News & Ratings for Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) CEO Sells $83,160.00 in Stock Next » Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Capita PLC (CPI) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push WELLS FARGO-ATM/:Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital pushReuters | Mar 23, 2017, 04.50 AM IST By Tina Bellon NEW YORK, March 22 (Reuters) - Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking. Jonathan Velline, Wells Fargo's head of ATM and store strategy, said that the San Francisco-based bank decided to apply the smartphone technology to all of its 13,000 cash machines after piloting the idea in select locations across the country. Bank of America Corp and JPMorgan Chase & Co are among the big banks that have announced digital upgrades to their ATM infrastructure, but Wells Fargo is the first U.S. bank to roll out cardless machines across its entire network. The 20 million customers on Wells Fargo's mobile banking app will be able to request an eight-digit code to enter along with their personal identification code at an ATM to retrieve cash. "The new feature allows customers to withdraw cash at any time, even when they don't have their cards on them," Velline said. The new option will also improve protections against data theft, Velline said. "Security certainly was a big aspect of the cardless feature and the two-step identification helps reduce the risk of fraud," Velline said, adding that the elimination of cards prevented so-called skimming techniques that criminals employ to read and store data of cards inserted into ATMs. Wells Fargo, the third-largest U.S. bank, was once the envy of Wall Street, able to seemingly sell its customers a range of different products and highly regarded for its stock price which had once made it the world's most valuable bank. But last year's revelations over a sales scandal that involved the creation of as many as 2.1 million fraudulent accounts in customers' names without their permission took a toll on the company. The lender has since seen a sharp drop in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts. As have many other U.S. lenders over the last years, Wells Fargo has invested in the development of digital tools to attract customers and slash costs at its retail branches. "Digitalizing services is unquestionably the way to the future and the arguments are very powerful, but U.S. banks are still far behind," said Gerard du Toit, a partner at consulting firm Bain & Company. Accessible, well-designed digital offers not only provide a massive cost advantage, but also significantly improve customer loyalty, du Toit said. (Reporting by Tina Bellon; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Lisa Shumaker) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web These 11 Fast Food Restaurants are America's Worst The Fiscal Times The Amazing Story Behind Your Last Name. It Will Shock You Ancestry George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny More from The Times of India Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter!Milaap This Single Father needs help to fight cancerMILAAP The Jaw Dropping Reason ‘Magnum P.I.’ Went Off The AirDailyDisclosure Don't Make Another Credit Car Decision Until You Check The..Credit Card Offers Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These..New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Best day to campaign with wife is Valentine’s Day’ ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Help 7-year-old Sanpreet fight blood cancer! Ad: MILAAP Exclusive US NRI payment plan. Pay 20% now and 80% on Poss Ad: Kanakia Group Hindustan Zinc announces special interim dividend of Rs 27.50/share Hindustan Zinc today announced a one-time interim dividend of Rs 13,985 crore for the financial year 2016-17. Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. From around the Web Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Milaap Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP 4 Hidden Shores Calling Your Name VSPC Innovating for a Safer and Sustainably Prosperous World WSJ Custom Studios for Konica Minolta More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreYorkWells FargoWall StreetvellineToit Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Brazil's Oi loss narrows on cost-cutting, EBITDA slumps Germany says its current account surplus will shrink in coming years Slide in U.S. infrastructure stocks sign of 'Trump trade' weakness Daseke on the prowl for multiple trucking acquisition targets - CEO 1Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push 2Brazil's Oi loss narrows on cost-cutting, EBITDA slumps 3Germany says its current account surplus will shrink in coming years 4Slide in U.S. infrastructure stocks sign of 'Trump trade' weakness 5Daseke on the prowl for multiple trucking acquisition targets - CEO Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament Shooting CM Adityanath UP Cabinet Ministers Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Live: Shooting in UK Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Find Rates Calculators Home Rates Calculators   Mortgages Mortgage Rates Compare Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Mortgage News Veteran Homebuyer Central Mortgage Lender Reviews Home Equity Loans Home Equity Center Reverse Mortgage Loans Calculators The Home Hacker Refinance Refinance Rates Refinance Calculator Refinance Mortgage Auto Loan Refinance Bank Rates CD Rates Savings & Money Market Checking Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Power Up! Blog Credit Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Travel & Airline Cash Back Rewards Business Fair Credit Bad Credit Best Credit Cards The Card Shark Blog Personal Loans Get Matched - LoanMatch™ Personal Loan Calculator Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Bad Credit Personal Loans Auto Auto Center Auto Loans Personal Loans Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Senior Living Retirement Calculators Investments Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Investment Calculators The Wealth Builder Blog Financial Planning Election 2016 The Cashlorette Blog Identity Protection Mastering your Money Debt Management Student Loans Tips from Jean Chatzky Calculators Certified Financial Planner Mobile Finance   advertisement Credit Cards Blog Finance Blogs » Credit Cards Blog » Here come the credit card rate hikes Here come the credit card rate hikes By Mike Cetera · Bankrate.com Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Posted: 2 pm ET Tweet Email Tweet Email BraunS/Getty Images If you're planning to apply for a new credit card in 2017, know this: The interest rate you pay likely will be higher than it was just a few weeks ago. That's because credit card issuers have begun to respond to the Federal Reserve's short-term interest rate hike last month by boosting rates on credit card offers. I began tracking variable rate offers in November on 14 cards from popular credit card issuers in anticipation of the rate increases. All of those cards now have higher rates -- both on the low and high end of the ranges you see when applying for a card. RATE SEARCH: Look now for a low-interest credit card offer. The issuer determines your interest rate within the range based on your creditworthiness at the time of application. Increased rates on both ends of the credit spectrum means excellent credit won't provide you an escape from higher APRs. Every issuer I surveyed that has increased annual percentage rates since the Fed meeting has done so by the same 0.25 percent the central bank increased its benchmark interest rate. Credit card interest rates on the rise Credit card APR range as of Nov. 28, 2016 APR range as of Jan. 3, 2017 American Express Blue Cash Everyday 13.24% to 23.24% 13.49% to 23.49% BankAmericard Cash Rewards 13.24% to 23.24% 13.49% to 23.49% Capital One Venture Rewards 13.24% to 23.24% 13.49% to 23.49% Capital One Quicksilver Rewards 13.24% to 23.24% 13.49% to 23.49% Chase Freedom 14.24% to 23.24% 14.49% to 23.49% Chase Slate 13.24% to 23.24% 13.49% to 23.49% Chase Sapphire Reserve 16.24% to 23.24% 16.49% to 23.49% Citi Simplicity 13.24% to 23.24% 13.49% to 23.49% Citi Double Cash 13.24% to 23.24% 13.49% to 23.49% Citi Thank You Preferred 13.24% to 23.24% 13.49% to 23.49% Citi Diamond Preferred 12.24% to 22.24% 12.49% to 22.49% Citi Prestige 15.49% 15.74% Discover it Card 11.24% to 23.24% 11.49% to 23.49% Wells Fargo Visa Signature 12.4% to 26.24% 12.65% to 26.49% Source: Issuer websites The only issuer among the ones I tracked not showing a rate change on its website: JPMorgan Chase. A spokeswoman for the bank's credit card division said its rates increased on Dec. 20, but had not yet been updated on marketing materials. Still, the impact of these rate increases across all cards hasn't yet been felt. Bankrate surveys 131 credit cards across 50 different issuers each week. As of the last week of 2016, the average variable interest rate was 16.27%, a slight increase over the previous week, although it's not even the high-water mark for the month. Impact on existing balances If you don't plan to apply for a new card in the new year, you're still not immune to a rate hike. While the Credit CARD Act of 2009 bans most retroactive rate increases, it does allow issuers to adjust APRs on variable rate cards tied to an index. Most cards are tied to the prime rate, which increases or decreases based on the Fed's own rate adjustments. CARD SEARCH: Delay your own personal interest rate hike by grabbing a good balance transfer card. Your credit card agreement will spell out how soon after the prime rate changes that you can expect a rate hike on your card. The most recent credit card agreements the issuers of the 14 credit cards I tracked filed with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau show generally you should feel the hike soon -- if you haven't already. The agreement for the Chase Freedom card, for example, says it will use the prime rate as published two business days before the end of each billing cycle. "If the U.S. Prime Rate changes, we’ll apply the new variable APR starting from the first day of the Billing Period when we take the U.S. Prime Rate from the (Wall Street Journal)," according to the agreement. My most recent American Express statement -- dated Dec. 22, little more than a week after the Fed increased rates -- already showed a change in my APR. The issuer bumped my interest rate from 17.49% APR to 17.74% APR. This isn't a big deal for me because I pay in full every month. But for others, this hike may pinch. Late payments could increase Prior to the rate hike, the credit bureau TransUnion calculated that a 0.25 percentage point rate hike would increase the average monthly payment on adjustable rate accounts by $6.45. Most consumers will be able to handle that additional cost, but 9.3 million Americans are expected to feel "payment shock" that could lead to late payments and defaults, TransUnion found. Related posts: What the rules on credit card penalty fees mean to you Banks drop credit card fees Credit card flow or retreat? Does CARD Act help credit report? Credit card satisfaction hits new high « 3 traits of a good credit card That huge Chase Sapphire bonus is going away » Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. 4 Comments Eldred January 05, 2017 at 8:42 am Honestly, it shouldn't matter WHAT the rates are. If you pay the cards off every month, you don't pay interest anyway. If you CAN'T pay them off every month, then you couldn't afford whatever you bought in the first place... adam January 04, 2017 at 7:24 pm discover gives you worst apr regardless of creditworthiness. Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Compare Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Low Interest Cards 0% APR Cards Airline Cards Bankrate.com's Best Cards Rewards Cards advertisement Today's Top Stories   Yes, you can get another VA home loan Fed reassures mortgage market, and rates fall 5 worst indoor remodels for your money 3 important facts about zero-down VA home loans Americans have a big disconnect about saving money About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   advertisement Connect with us             About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Newsletters Understanding Bankrate's rate averages © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Argentina to pursue plan to freeze provinces' spending Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Wed Mar 22, 2017 | 6:04pm EDT Argentina to pursue plan to freeze provinces' spending BUENOS AIRES, March 22 Argentina's provinces have agreed to craft a new law with the federal government that would prevent provincial spending from rising faster than inflation, the Treasury Ministry said in a statement on Wednesday. The proposed law, which would have to be approved by the country's Congress, comes as President Mauricio Macri aims to cut Argentina's fiscal deficit in part to lower the country's high borrowing costs. Last month, Treasury Minister Nicolas Dujovne announced targets for a primary deficit of 4.2 percent of GDP this year, 3.2 percent next year and 2.2 percent in 2019. Last year's fiscal deficit was 4.6 percent of GDP. But as Argentina's 23 provinces and the autonomous city of Buenos Aires depend on transfers from the central government for a substantial portion of their revenue, a failure to reduce provincial spending could complicate the federal government's own deficit-reduction efforts. Federal transfers to provinces increased to 1.8 percent of GDP in 2016, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Several provinces have followed the national government's lead in tapping international bond markets after Macri ended a dispute with holders of defaulted debt last year. According to the Treasury Ministry's statement, the so-called 'Fiscal Responsibility Law' would freeze current account spending in real terms and require that primary spending - which does not include payments to service debt - remains below inflation through 2019. The statement did not say when the proposal could be sent to the country's opposition-controlled Congress, and a Treasury Ministry spokesman did not respond to a request for comment. Though he had some early successes in pushing bills through an opposition-controlled Congress, Macri has run into increasing resistance to his agenda of market-friendly reforms. Late last year, lower house opposition forced the administration to re-negotiate its income tax reform, while a proposed capital markets reform package has yet to be considered. Dujovne is also preparing to present a reform to the country's tax code to Macri, though Congress is not expected to debate it until next year. Popular opposition to Macri's austerity measures, including cuts to electricity and home-heating natural gas subsidies, is growing. More Argentines now disapprove than approve of his performance for the first time since he took office in December 2015, and the country's largest labor union has planned a general strike for April 6. (Reporting by Luc Cohen; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Next In Bonds News Elliott Advisors criticises Akzo for refusal to meet with PPG AMSTERDAM, March 23 Fund manager Elliott Advisors, which owns 3.2 percent of Akzo Nobel, on Thursday criticised the Dutch paint maker for disregarding the views of an "overwhelming margin" of its shareholders by refusing to meet with U.S. suitor PPG. BRIEF-Interpace Diagnostics reports agreement to restructure debt * Interpace Diagnostics Group announces agreements to successfully restructure debt and terminate royalty and milestone obligations MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Attack outside UK parliament Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Argentina to pursue plan to freeze provinces' spending Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Argentina to pursue plan to freeze provinces' spending ARGENTINA-SPENDING/PROVINCES:Argentina to pursue plan to freeze provinces' spendingReuters | Mar 23, 2017, 03.35 AM IST BUENOS AIRES, March 22 (Reuters) - Argentina's provinces have agreed to craft a new law with the federal government that would prevent provincial spending from rising faster than inflation, the Treasury Ministry said in a statement on Wednesday. The proposed law, which would have to be approved by the country's Congress, comes as President Mauricio Macri aims to cut Argentina's fiscal deficit in part to lower the country's high borrowing costs. Last month, Treasury Minister Nicolas Dujovne announced targets for a primary deficit of 4.2 percent of GDP this year, 3.2 percent next year and 2.2 percent in 2019. Last year's fiscal deficit was 4.6 percent of GDP. But as Argentina's 23 provinces and the autonomous city of Buenos Aires depend on transfers from the central government for a substantial portion of their revenue, a failure to reduce provincial spending could complicate the federal government's own deficit-reduction efforts. Federal transfers to provinces increased to 1.8 percent of GDP in 2016, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Several provinces have followed the national government's lead in tapping international bond markets after Macri ended a dispute with holders of defaulted debt last year. According to the Treasury Ministry's statement, the so-called 'Fiscal Responsibility Law' would freeze current account spending in real terms and require that primary spending - which does not include payments to service debt - remains below inflation through 2019. The statement did not say when the proposal could be sent to the country's opposition-controlled Congress, and a Treasury Ministry spokesman did not respond to a request for comment. Though he had some early successes in pushing bills through an opposition-controlled Congress, Macri has run into increasing resistance to his agenda of market-friendly reforms. Late last year, lower house opposition forced the administration to re-negotiate its income tax reform, while a proposed capital markets reform package has yet to be considered. Dujovne is also preparing to present a reform to the country's tax code to Macri, though Congress is not expected to debate it until next year. Popular opposition to Macri's austerity measures, including cuts to electricity and home-heating natural gas subsidies, is growing. More Argentines now disapprove than approve of his performance for the first time since he took office in December 2015, and the country's largest labor union has planned a general strike for April 6. (Reporting by Luc Cohen; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web What Happened To Barbi Benton? We Can't Look Away.. The Ne.. Tomorrowoman Leonardo DiCaprio's Mansion Is Beyond Stunning Lonny Family Takes Same Photo For 22 Years - Last One Is A Tearj.. The Brofessional More from The Times of India Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter!Milaap This Single Father needs help to fight cancerMILAAP These Are the Poorest Countries in the WorldFindTheData — By Graphiq Where to Eat and Drink in Napa Valley Right Now | Wine Ent..Wine Enthusiast Do You Come From Royal Blood? Your Last Name May Tell You.Ancestry The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Best day to campaign with wife is Valentine’s Day’ ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Help 7-year-old Sanpreet fight blood cancer! Ad: MILAAP Exclusive US NRI payment plan. Pay 20% now and 80% on Poss Ad: Kanakia Group Hindustan Zinc announces special interim dividend of Rs 27.50/share Hindustan Zinc today announced a one-time interim dividend of Rs 13,985 crore for the financial year 2016-17. Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. From around the Web Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Milaap Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP These 11 Fast Food Restaurants are America's Worst The Fiscal Times We Bet You Can't Pass This Cat Quiz Topix Pawsome More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreTreasury MinistryReutersnicolas dujovneMauricio MacriMacri Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Singapore France's Le Pen calls for end to "Francafrique" relations, CFA franc currency Google adds audio-only calls to Duo, file sharing to Allo China's ZTE Corp pleads guilty in U.S. court in sanctions case 1Argentina to pursue plan to freeze provinces' spending 2Singapore 3France's Le Pen calls for end to "Francafrique" relations, CFA franc currency 4Google adds audio-only calls to Duo, file sharing to Allo 5China's ZTE Corp pleads guilty in U.S. court in sanctions case Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament Shooting CM Adityanath UP Cabinet Ministers Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Live: Shooting in UK Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Two of our favorite U.S. heavyweights – The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) – are pushing forward with plans to put factories in China, positioning themselves to be winners in the part of the world where we’ll see the most growth in the decade to come. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Why Is the Ethereum Price Rising? Message: URL: https://mney.co/2mN0etL nine  −  eight  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Why Is the Ethereum Price Rising? Message: URL: https://mney.co/2mN0etL  −  5  =  two Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updatesone response Currencies Why Is the Ethereum Price Rising? By David Zeiler, Associate Editor, Money Morning • @DavidGZeiler • March 21, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  −  4  =  two Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The Ethereum price is up about 250% over the past four weeks thanks to a timely combination of rising institutional interest and a dire impasse among users of fellow cryptocurrency Bitcoin. A month ago, the price of Ethereum was under $13. Now it's trading at about $45, according to the website CoinMarketCap.com. Much of the surge in the Ethereum price has come from Bitcoin owners either bailing on Bitcoin or hedging their digital currency bet by purchasing some ether. But not all. Ethereum has developed substantial "buzz" as a cryptocurrency with features distinct from those of Bitcoin. Over the past year, this upstart has attracted attention from such heavy hitters as Microsoft Corp. (Nasdaq: MSFT), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), and CME Group Inc. (Nasdaq: CME). Still, most of the vertical spike in the Ethereum price is the result of nervous capital moving from Bitcoin to Ethereum. About half of the Ethereum trading volume is from Bitcoin/Ethereum trades, with the rest coming from Ethereum/fiat pairs. (Ethereum purchases in U.S. dollars make up about one-fifth of the trades.) One highly publicized event that caused some of the movement occurred March 10, when the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) denied a rule change that would have allowed the Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust ETF to begin trading on the Bats BZX Exchange. Anticipation that the SEC would approve the Winklevoss ETF had pushed the Bitcoin price as high as $1,327, an all-time high. The price of Bitcoin plunged about $300 in the immediate aftermath of the SEC denial. But that's not the main reason Bitcoin capital has been moving into Ethereum in recent weeks. A Bitcoin Crisis Is Driving Up the Ethereum Price While the Bitcoin price has soared in recent months – despite a recent pullback, it's still up about 24% over the past three months – a crisis brewing for almost two years has finally come to a head. The argument is over how to increase the capacity of the Bitcoin network to process transactions. Right now it is close to capacity, which has at times caused transactions to be delayed. Fees are rising as well because transactions that offer higher fees get priority. One faction wants to increase the size of Bitcoin's blocks from one megabyte to two or even eight megabytes to fit more transactions in. The other wants to use a technology called Segregated Witness to squeeze more transactions into the space available. Related: How to Buy Bitcoins – Your Guide to Digital Profits Without getting into all the ugly details, this has become an extremely contentious civil war. Advocates of a variant of the Bitcoin software called Bitcoin Unlimited — the side that wants to increase the block sizes – have gained more support over the past few months, particularly from the powerful Bitcoin miners. That has raised the specter of what's called a "hard fork" of Bitcoin, which essentially would split Bitcoin into two incompatible variants. That's what has so many in the Bitcoin community concerned. After the split, it would be unclear which one is the "real" Bitcoin. The resulting confusion would play very badly in the mainstream financial media, causing the Bitcoin price of both versions to plummet. Such a disruptive event would also open the door for another cryptocurrency to steal some of Bitcoin's thunder. And Ethereum, the No. 2 cryptocurrency behind Bitcoin, is the most logical candidate. Fear of a Bitcoin hard fork has driven the movement of capital from Bitcoin to Ethereum. Cryptocurrency exchanges like Bitfinex, Poloniex, and Kraken trade in both, making it easy for customers to buy Ethereum with their existing Bitcoin. And Ethereum has become the go-to choice because of the "buzz" I mentioned earlier. Here's why Ethereum is the new darling of the cryptocurrency world… The Ethereum Price Would Be Rising Even Without Bitcoin's Woes Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (1) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Ethereum price Harold | March 22, 2017 The only way I could purchase Eth was by buying Bitcoin with fiat and exchanging it, so I can't agree with 'most of the vertical spike in the Ethereum price is the result of nervous capital moving from Bitcoin to Ethereum.' Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website four  ×  nine  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Tech Watch (this article) Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates (this article) Currencies Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News March 22, 2017 By Keith Fitz-Gerald Leave a Comment How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) March 22, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Flat Ahead of Obamacare Repeal Vote March 22, 2017 By Ashley Moore Leave a Comment The Biggest Myth About Funding Social Security Today Trending Posts 10446 Reads 67 Likes Top Marijuana Stock to Watch This Week (March 20) There's a marijuana stock every investor needs on their radar this week. Here's what you need to know... 5725 Reads 6 Likes The 10 Top Penny Stocks of March 2017 The top penny stocks of March 2017 have seen gains as high as 122.5%. But we don't recommend buying them. We found an even better stock to buy today... Today's Markets DJIA -6.71 (0.03%) 20,661.30 NASDAQ 27.81 (0.48%) 5,821.64 S&P 4.43 (0.19%) 2,348.45 MSFT 0.82 (1.28%) 65.03 JPM 0.14 (0.16%) 87.53 CME 0.95 (0.79%) 119.33 INTC 0.33 (0.94%) 35.37 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Tech Watch (this article) Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates (this article) Currencies Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Sykes Enterprises Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sykes Enterprises Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Scotiabank Reaffirms Hold Rating for Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Given Buy Rating at BMO Capital Markets Randall Nickolas Bruc Hnatuik Purchases 880 Shares of Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) Stock International Stem Cell Corp (ISCO) CEO Andrey Semechkin Purchases 10,000 Shares Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) CFO Sells $35,184.80 in Stock Investors Sell Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) on Strength Following Insider Selling Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Capita PLC (CPI) Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) CEO Sells $47,803.21 in Stock NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) CEO Sells $83,160.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Tiffany & Co. (TIF) VP Sells 1,027 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Insider Sells 1,900 Shares of Stock Comcast Co. (CMCSA) EVP Sells $264,275.91 in Stock Insider Selling: Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Director Sells 50,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Realty Income Corp (O) CEO Sells 28,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: CVS Health Corp (CVS) EVP Sells 23,849 Shares of Stock Realty Income Corp (O) CFO Paul M. Meurer Sells 16,500 Shares Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) EVP Sells $3,165,306.70 in Stock Gary Steele Sells 40,000 Shares of Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Stock Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Pacira Pharmaceuticals (PCRX) Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (SYKE) Insider David Pearson Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (NASDAQ:SYKE) insider David Pearson sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $28.83, for a total transaction of $172,980.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 56,666 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,633,680.78. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Shares of Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (NASDAQ:SYKE) traded down 0.24% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $28.59. 189,214 shares of the stock were exchanged. Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated has a 1-year low of $25.77 and a 1-year high of $31.37. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.32 and a beta of 0.71. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $28.18 and its 200-day moving average price is $28.21. Sykes Enterprises, (NASDAQ:SYKE) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 27th. The company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $389.15 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $392.08 million. Sykes Enterprises, had a return on equity of 11.19% and a net margin of 4.57%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 15.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.55 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated will post $2.00 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on SYKE shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Sykes Enterprises, from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, December 10th. Sidoti started coverage on shares of Sykes Enterprises, in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $38.00 target price for the company. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Sykes Enterprises, by 14.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 675,571 shares of the company’s stock worth $19,004,000 after buying an additional 85,998 shares during the period. Zebra Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Sykes Enterprises, by 3.1% in the fourth quarter. Zebra Capital Management LLC now owns 36,858 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,064,000 after buying an additional 1,105 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers boosted its stake in Sykes Enterprises, by 4.8% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 60,885 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,713,000 after buying an additional 2,810 shares during the period. Smith Graham & Co. Investment Advisors LP boosted its stake in Sykes Enterprises, by 3.0% in the third quarter. Smith Graham & Co. Investment Advisors LP now owns 250,984 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,060,000 after buying an additional 7,270 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in Sykes Enterprises, by 5.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 10,771 shares of the company’s stock worth $303,000 after buying an additional 538 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 85.06% of the company’s stock. About Sykes Enterprises, Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated is engaged in providing outsourced customer contact management solutions and services in the business process outsourcing arena. The Company provides an array of customer contact management solutions to a range of clients in communications, financial services, technology or consumer, transportation and leisure, healthcare and other industry verticals. Receive News & Ratings for Sykes Enterprises Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sykes Enterprises Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Five Below Inc (FIVE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Next » MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) VP David E. Dykstra Sells 5,353 Shares Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing JD.Com Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts AT&T Inc. (T) Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CAO Der Colff Rasmus Van Sells 2,172 Shares Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CFO Barry J. Plaga Sells 27,285 Shares Oasis Management Co Ltd. Purchases 6,066 Shares of Stratus Properties Inc (STRS) Stock Insider Selling: Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CFO Sells 8,884 Shares of Stock Stratus Properties Inc (STRS) Major Shareholder Acquires $54,000.00 in Stock Hessam Nadji Sells 13,500 Shares of Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Stock Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) CFO Edgar Luce Sells 4,811 Shares Insider Buying: MYnd Analytics Inc (MYAN) Major Shareholder Buys 160,000 Shares of Stock Scotiabank Reaffirms Hold Rating for Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Given Buy Rating at BMO Capital Markets Randall Nickolas Bruc Hnatuik Purchases 880 Shares of Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) Stock International Stem Cell Corp (ISCO) CEO Andrey Semechkin Purchases 10,000 Shares Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) CFO Sells $35,184.80 in Stock Investors Sell Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) on Strength Following Insider Selling Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Capita PLC (CPI) Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) CEO Sells $47,803.21 in Stock NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) CEO Sells $83,160.00 in Stock Pacific Crest Initiates Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Pacific Crest started coverage on shares of JD.Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD) in a research note issued on Wednesday, The Fly reports. The brokerage set an “overweight” rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Brean Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of JD.Com in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of JD.Com from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of JD.Com from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their target price for the company from $32.00 to $39.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Evercore ISI assumed coverage on shares of JD.Com in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $33.00 target price for the company. Finally, Morgan Stanley reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $33.00 target price (up from $27.00) on shares of JD.Com in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $30.97. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) traded up 0.86% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $30.58. 6,722,880 shares of the company were exchanged. JD.Com has a 12 month low of $19.51 and a 12 month high of $32.47. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $30.19 and its 200-day moving average is $27.33. The company’s market capitalization is $43.37 billion. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 2nd. The company reported ($0.18) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.06) by $0.12. The company had revenue of $80.25 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $76.30 billion. JD.Com had a negative return on equity of 28.18% and a negative net margin of 4.18%. The business’s revenue was up 47.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted ($0.07) earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that JD.Com will post $0.24 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in JD. Dodge & Cox purchased a new stake in JD.Com during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,051,612,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new stake in JD.Com during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,583,000. Capital Guardian Trust Co. boosted its stake in JD.Com by 3.2% in the fourth quarter. Capital Guardian Trust Co. now owns 1,760,062 shares of the company’s stock valued at $44,776,000 after buying an additional 54,806 shares during the last quarter. FFT Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in JD.Com by 256.8% in the fourth quarter. FFT Wealth Management LLC now owns 82,357 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,095,000 after buying an additional 59,275 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cigna Investments Inc. New purchased a new stake in JD.Com during the fourth quarter valued at about $422,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 49.74% of the company’s stock. JD.Com Company Profile JD.com, Inc is an online direct sales company. The Company engages in the sale of electronics and home appliance products and general merchandise products (including audio, video products and books) sourced from manufacturers, distributors and publishers in China on the Internet through its Website, www.jd.com. Receive News & Ratings for JD.Com Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Lowered to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Next » PVH Corp (PVH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Investors Are Turning Bearish on the Dollar by Lananh Nguyen @LananhTNguyen More stories by Lananh Nguyen and Robert Fullem More stories by Robert Fullem March 22, 2017, 4:09 PM EDT March 23, 2017, 8:53 AM EDT Options risk reversals signal more pessimism on greenback It’s “more compelling” to sell dollar: UBS Wealth Management Dollar Hits Four-Month Low on Fed's Dovish Hike Dollar bears are back from the wilderness. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The currency slid to the lowest since November on Wednesday, and options show investors are becoming more pessimistic on the greenback versus the euro and yen. The dollar has almost erased its gains from the so-called Trump Trade, as pro-growth policies from the presidential administration have yet to materialize. UBS AG’s wealth-management unit recommended selling the dollar against the euro, and JPMorgan Chase & Co., the world’s second-biggest currency trader, advised clients to ditch bullish bets in the short term. “The case has become more compelling” to short the dollar, said Constantin Bolz, a foreign-exchange strategist at UBS in Zurich. The bullish dollar consensus since Donald Trump’s election in November “is turning step by step” as markets question U.S. policies and their effectiveness. UBS sees the euro-dollar exchange rate climbing as high as $1.15 over the next six months from $1.0784 Thursday. It expects dollar-yen to fall to below 110 yen in the same period. The U.S. currency has fallen 3.7 percent this year as traders awaited details on the size and scale of fiscal-stimulus proposals and cues from the Federal Reserve about the path of interest-rate increases. The weakness follows four years of gains as the world’s largest economy recovered from the financial crisis and the Fed began to nudge borrowing costs higher. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was little changed Thursday. Technical Indicators In options markets, protection against a rising dollar is getting cheaper as the outlook on the currency becomes more pessimistic. Risk reversals, an indicator of market sentiment and option positioning, have been signaling a shift away from dollar bullishness. The EUR/USD one-year risk reversal has plunged as markets discount the prospect of Marine Le Pen winning the French election. Investors are also less bearish against the euro versus the dollar. The so-called smile of one-year volatility, which reflects the cost of protecting against low-probability events, has flattened. A JPMorgan Chase & Co. measure of volatility in G-7 currencies is below its average for the past year, and not far from the lowest level since 2014. Similarly, the dollar-yen one-year risk reversal has gone up. Another bearish signal is the Bloomberg dollar spot index’s 50-day moving average crossing under its 100-day moving average. Here’s what others are saying about the dollar’s outlook:  “The drags on the dollar that we have identified and discussed so far this year – poor relative economic momentum, dollar-negative Washington risk from dollar policy and trade rhetoric, and global reflation -– will persist.” --JPMorgan “Recent developments have increased our conviction that the path of least resistance for EUR-USD is upward.” -- UniCredit SpA “USD positions accumulated in the build-up and immediate aftermath of the U.S. election look to have been fully unwound.” --Bank of America Corp. “If a) healthcare reform passes the House and b) the USD still gets no lift or weakens further, we may need to think again with respect to our current modestly bullish forecast profile.”  --Credit Suisse AG Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next You Can’t Retire on the Trump Bump Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Find Rates Calculators Home Rates Calculators   Mortgages Mortgage Rates Compare Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Mortgage News Veteran Homebuyer Central Mortgage Lender Reviews Home Equity Loans Home Equity Center Reverse Mortgage Loans Calculators The Home Hacker Refinance Refinance Rates Refinance Calculator Refinance Mortgage Auto Loan Refinance Bank Rates CD Rates Savings & Money Market Checking Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Power Up! Blog Credit Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Travel & Airline Cash Back Rewards Business Fair Credit Bad Credit Best Credit Cards The Card Shark Blog Personal Loans Get Matched - LoanMatch™ Personal Loan Calculator Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Bad Credit Personal Loans Auto Auto Center Auto Loans Personal Loans Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Senior Living Retirement Calculators Investments Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Investment Calculators The Wealth Builder Blog Financial Planning Election 2016 The Cashlorette Blog Identity Protection Mastering your Money Debt Management Student Loans Tips from Jean Chatzky Calculators Certified Financial Planner Mobile Finance   advertisement Banking Blog Finance Blogs » Banking Blog » Wells Fargo says hello to cardless ATMs Wells Fargo says hello to cardless ATMs By Gili Malinsky · Bankrate.com Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Posted: 3 pm ET Tweet Email Tweet Email FREDERIC J BROWN/Getty Images Wells Fargo is upgrading all of its 13,000 ATMs to enable customers to use a smartphone instead of a debit card to withdraw money from their checking or savings account. Beginning next week, customers can use their Wells Fargo app to get a unique eight-digit code to enter at the ATM, along with their PIN. Wells Fargo ATMs still will accept bank cards. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have made similar upgrades to some machines, Wells Fargo is the first big bank to adopt the technology at all of its ATMs. "Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs," Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo, said this week during an employee town hall. Cardless ATMs deemed safer Eliminating bank cards can improve the customer experience in a number of ways. First, it speeds the process of withdrawing cash, down from a minute to as little as 15 seconds, an executive from Chicago bank BMO Harris told Bankrate after it upgraded its ATMs two years ago. Second, ditching a debit card in favor of a smartphone may be safer. While thieves can use skimmers attached to ATMs that steal card information or cameras that record users entering their PIN, mobile technology is harder to crack. To get access to your info through the app, a thief would need both the phone itself and the password to your bank app. Not to mention that the app stores no personal information (like card numbers), anyway. Wells Fargo plans further upgrades This upgrade is the first of several changes to Wells Fargo ATMs, according to the Associated Press: "One limitation of the eight-digit code, though, is that it won’t work at secure doors featured at many of the bank’s branches, which require a customer to swipe a debit card to get in. Wells Fargo said these doors aren’t so prevalent among its branches, found mostly in metropolitan areas. The bank will be rolling out another upgrade to its mobile-enabled ATMs later this year, too, with which customers could hold their phones to a reader on the machine, as opposed to using the codes." Bank of America recently rolled out similar technology at its ATMs, offering it in select markets like San Francisco, Charlotte, North Carolina, and New York. JPMorgan Chase offers similar technology at some of its ATMs. Of course, customers can still use their debit cards at these locations. If this technology excites you, you may want to consider switching checking accounts. The future of ATMs and technology Expect this kind of technology to be rolled out at more banks, considering its ease and relative safety for the consumer. In fact, with the advent of mobile wallets, and apps like Alipay and WeChat ubiquitous in countries like China -- where people leave their wallets at home altogether -- expect the future of payments and banking to be both very mobile and very tech-based. Still good with your card? See if you’re eligible for a rewards credit card. Related posts: Wells Fargo goes greener at ATMs Wells Fargo offers EMV chip cards Get Wells Fargo rewards at the ATM Wells Fargo kills debit card fee ATMs to take ‘chip’ cards, or else « Banks are making tons of money. Here’s what it could buy Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Latest Blogs BANKING Wells Fargo says hello to cardless ATMs BANKING Banks are making tons of money. Here's what it could buy BANKING PurePoint Financial debuts with an eye-popping savings account BANKING Trump set to 'do a big number' on Dodd-Frank advertisement Today's Top Stories   Yes, you can get another VA home loan Fed reassures mortgage market, and rates fall 5 worst indoor remodels for your money 3 important facts about zero-down VA home loans Americans have a big disconnect about saving money advertisement About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   Contributors View all contributors Claes Bell , CFA, is the mobile editor for Bankrate.com. He is a co-author of “Future Millionaires’ Guidebook,” available at all major e-book retailers. Posts | E-mail | Bio advertisement Connect with us             About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Newsletters Understanding Bankrate's rate averages © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 4 Big Bank CEOs Ranked By 2016 Compensation The highest paid big bank CEO last year earned $28 million. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Mar 22, 2017 at 3:25PM It's that time of year when publicly traded companies file their proxy reports, which disclose how much they paid their top executives the previous year. Now that all four of the nation's megabanks have done so, we can compare the compensation of the heads of JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), and Citigroup (NYSE:C). Three out of these four CEOs got raises last year. Bank of America's Brian Moynihan got the biggest raise, at 25%. All told, the 57-year-old executive earned $20 million last year. That ranks the Bank of America CEO second when it comes to total 2016 compensation. Data source: Regulatory filings. Chart by author. Wells Fargo's newly appointed CEO, Tim Sloan, also earned more money last year than he did in 2015, seeing a 16% increase. However, that wasn't because the bank's performance improved. In fact, just the opposite occurred, as the California-based bank has spent much of the past seven months digging itself out of its massive fake-account scandal that was revealed last September. The reason Sloan got a raise, in turn, is that he was recently promoted to CEO, after his predecessor, John Stumpf, resigned in the wake of the fake-account scandal. Previously, Sloan was Wells Fargo's chief operating officer. JPMorgan Chase's Jamie Dimon was the final big bank executive to get a raise last year. His compensation increased 4% to $28 million. This makes Dimon far and away the highest paid big bank CEO (justifiably so, if you ask me). JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon. Image source: JPMorgan Chase. The one CEO to see his compensation fall in 2016 was Citigroup's Michael Corbat. His earnings dropped by 6% compared to 2015, resulting in a $15.5 million haul. Citigroup's board was clear in its proxy statement that it isn't because they were necessarily displeased with Corbat's performance: In making the decision on CEO pay, the Compensation Committee considered several factors, including another positive outcome from the 2016 CCAR process which led to the most meaningful capital return since before the financial crisis, objective feedback from regulators on Citi's resolution plan, and the continued wind-down of Citi Holdings. However, the Compensation Committee believed that it was appropriate to reflect the firm's performance relative to its financial targets in the compensation for Mr. Corbat. Overall, the Board continues to be very pleased with the progress Citi is making under Mr. Corbat's leadership and is confident that the plan Citi's senior management is executing will improve returns for stockholders. It's hard to feel sorry for a guy that earned $15.5 million, but it's a good sign that Citigroup's board is making at least a token effort, which is far less common than one might think in the cushy world of publicly traded companies, of tying executive compensation to the bank's financial targets. In short, while the amount that any particular bank executive makes in any given year doesn't tend to factor heavily into most investors' decision to buy or sell the underlying bank's stock, it's still good information for investors to be aware of. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Mar 22, 2017 at 3:25PM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $57.72 down $0.05 (-0.09%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.95 up $0.01 (0.04%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.53 no change (0.00%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $55.26 down $0.07 (-0.13%) Read More The Staggering Cost of a Quarter-Point Interest-Rate Hike Why Bank of America Shares Are Down 5% Today The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Bank of America Stock? Which Bank Has the Best Dividend Stock? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 4 Big Bank CEOs Ranked By 2016 Compensation @themotleyfool #stocks $C, $BAC, $JPM, $WFC
Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists   Business (View all) Banking Economics International London Insurance M&A The Capitalist Politics Scottish Development International Talk CFA Institute Talk IDA Ireland Talk Industries (View all) Law & professional services Property Retail and leisure Marketing and advertising Pharmaceuticals Telecoms Media Transport and infrastructure Industrials Markets (View all) Currencies Cryptocurrencies Commodities Equities Bonds IPOs and fundraising Investment Challenge Technology (View all) Science Gadget reviews Cyber security Fintech Leadership (View all) Entrepreneurs Management Millennials Careers Women Life & Style (View all) Travel Watches Fashion Food Homes and interiors Cars Culture Money (View all) Investing Pensions Crowdfunding Alt-fi Personal banking and insurance ISAS Schroders Talk Sport (View all) Football Rugby Union Formula 1 Cricket The Punter Tennis Golf Sports money Lists (View all) Digital Innovators Rio 50 Power 100 Women Leap 100 Most viewed authors Caitlin Morrison (29,793 views) Helen Cahill (11,113 views) Rebecca Smith (5,529 views) City A.M. links Newsletters Latest paper Advertising Awards Wine Club Money Transfer Charity About Careers Tickets Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk Home Business Banking FTSE 250 18928.53 +0.51% FTSE 100 7312.93 -0.16% Bats UK 100 12390.69 -0.18% Home Business Banking Wednesday 22 March 2017 12:09pm Supreme Court decides in favour of Financial Conduct Authority after banker argued his identification was wrongly made public in London Whale scandal Share Hayley Kirton I'm a reporter at City A.M., mainly covering law, professional services and banking Follow Hayley Related City Talk IDA Ireland Talk Here’s why fintech will make banks stronger The City watchdog fined JP Morgan over the London Whale fiasco (Source: Getty) Hayley Kirton The Supreme Court today ruled in favour of the City watchdog after a former JP Morgan exec argued the regulator wrongly allowed him to be identified in notices it issued linked to the London Whale scandal. Achilles Macris, who was responsible for significant portfolios at the bank when its London Whale trade positions caused it to lose $6.2bn (£5bn), argued the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) wrongly exposed his identity in the process of reprimanding his ex-employer. Macris contended that, because he could be identified from the details in the FCA's notices, he had the right to respond to the watchdog before it made its decision public. Read more: These are the banks at risk of a shareholder revolt Although the notices issued did not explicitly call Macris out by name, they made several references to Chief Investment Office London management. At the time, the former exec was international investment chief of JP Morgan Chase Bank and head of the bank's Chief Investment Office. Lord Sumption, who delivered the lead judgment in the Supreme Court decision, sided with the FCA, stating the phrasing used could have applied to more than one person at the investment bank. A tribunal originally found in the banker's favour and that decision was upheld by the Court of Appeal in May 2015. The case was heard by the Supreme Court last October. Read more: Here's everything we know so far about the new £20 polymer note "The FCA is pleased there is now a final ruling on the issue and is considering the impact of the Supreme Court's judgment on the other third party references currently before the tribunal," an FCA spokesperson said. The FCA fined JP Morgan £137.6m for the London Whale saga in 2013, having decided the billions of losses could be at least partly blamed on high-risk trading strategies, weak management and failure to react when information emerged that should have highlighted problems to the lender. Hannah Laming, partner at Peters & Peters, commented: "This will be a disappointing decision for some. It will do little to check the perceived tendency on the part of the regulator and firms to reach swift settlements in which the underlying facts are not subject to rigorous challenge, at the expense of procedural rights for individuals caught up in regulatory investigations." Read more: Firms face legal chaos post-Brexit, House of Lords warns But, David McCluskey, partner in the corporate crime and fraud group at Taylor Wessing, added: The judgment will be seen by many as bringing a measure of clarity to the issue, though of course it will still be open to individuals to apply on the basis that in the particular facts of the case they have been identified. The more widely the details of the case are publicised, the higher that risk must be. Share * Terms and conditions Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Tags FCA Topics A-Z Related articles London Whale identification case heard in Supreme Court Hayley Kirton | Staff FCA fines JPMorgan exec over London Whale trades Catherine Neilan | Staff London Whale boss in tribunal claim against City watchdog Tim Wallace | Contributor Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up About  |  Advertising  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Sitemap  |  Latest paper Copyright © 2017 City A.M. Limited
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Ocado Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ocado Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ocado Group PLC (OCDO) Receives Underperform Rating from BNP Paribas Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet BNP Paribas reaffirmed their underperform rating on shares of Ocado Group PLC (LON:OCDO) in a research report released on Tuesday. BNP Paribas currently has a GBX 220 ($2.72) price target on the stock. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Numis Securities Ltd restated a buy rating and set a GBX 400 ($4.94) target price on shares of Ocado Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a conviction-buy rating and set a GBX 450 ($5.56) target price on shares of Ocado Group PLC in a report on Sunday, December 4th. Barclays PLC restated an equal weight rating and set a GBX 265 ($3.27) target price on shares of Ocado Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Jefferies Group LLC lowered their target price on shares of Ocado Group PLC from GBX 265 ($3.27) to GBX 250 ($3.09) and set a hold rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their target price on shares of Ocado Group PLC from GBX 476 ($5.88) to GBX 390 ($4.82) and set an overweight rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating, four have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 309.45 ($3.82). Ocado Group PLC (LON:OCDO) traded down 0.93% during trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 243.70. 3,875,353 shares of the stock were exchanged. Ocado Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 203.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 352.13. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 252.50 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 263.59. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.45 billion. Your IP Address: In other Ocado Group PLC news, insider Tim Steiner sold 35,158 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 249 ($3.08), for a total value of £87,543.42 ($108,118.34). Over the last quarter, insiders acquired 175 shares of company stock worth $45,721. About Ocado Group PLC Ocado Group plc is a United Kingdom-based online grocery retailer. The Company’s principal activities are grocery retailing and the development and monetization of Intellectual Property (IP) and technology used for the online retailing, logistics and distribution of grocery and consumer goods, derived from the United Kingdom. Receive News & Ratings for Ocado Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ocado Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Upgraded by Northcoast Research to “Buy” Next » Facebook Inc (FB) Upgraded to Buy by BTIG Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Vodafone Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Vodafone Group plc (VOD) Given New GBX 225 Price Target at HSBC Holdings plc Posted by William Strong on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Vodafone Group plc (LON:VOD) had its target price raised by HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 220 ($2.72) to GBX 225 ($2.78) in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. HSBC Holdings plc currently has a hold rating on the cell phone carrier’s stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Macquarie reissued an underperform rating and issued a GBX 170 ($2.10) price target on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an overweight rating and issued a GBX 280 ($3.46) price target on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Tuesday. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 285 ($3.52) price target on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Monday. BNP Paribas reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 225 ($2.78) price target on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Vodafone Group plc to a conviction-buy rating and boosted their price target for the stock from GBX 250 ($3.09) to GBX 270 ($3.33) in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Vodafone Group plc presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 233.09 ($2.88). Shares of Vodafone Group plc (LON:VOD) traded down 0.93% on Tuesday, hitting GBX 207.65. 66,869,782 shares of the stock traded hands. Vodafone Group plc has a 52-week low of GBX 186.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 240.10. The firm’s market cap is GBX 57.96 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 200.55 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 208.52. Your IP Address: In related news, insider David Thomas Nish acquired 2,910 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 205 ($2.53) per share, for a total transaction of £5,965.50 ($7,367.54). Also, insider Ronald Schellekens acquired 118 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 12th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 212 ($2.62) per share, with a total value of £250.16 ($308.95). Insiders have purchased a total of 3,152 shares of company stock valued at $646,366 over the last 90 days. Vodafone Group plc Company Profile Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cisco Systems’ (CSCO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Next » Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Price Target Lowered to GBX 215 at Panmure Gordon Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Thu, Mar 23, 2017 - Page 10　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp World Business Quick Take Agencies AUTOMAKERS Fiat Chrysler investigated French investigating magistrates are to open a probe into automaker Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV for suspected cheating in diesel emissions tests, judicial sources said on Tuesday. The investigation follows a recommendation from the French anti-fraud office and is to be run by public health magistrates, they said. France is already investigating global automobile heavyweights Volkswagen AG and Renault SA for allegedly fitting engines with devices designed to fool emissions test equipment, making cars seem less polluting than they actually are. US-Italian-owned Fiat Chrysler is one of the world’s top 10 automakers. It has already been accused in the US of emissions cheating. BANKING Wells Fargo in ATM upgrade Wells Fargo & Co plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their mobile phones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo chief executive Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando, Florida. While banks such as JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America Corp have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the US. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines would still accept debit cards as well. “Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, [the upgrade] provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs,” Wells Fargo head of virtual channel operations Adam Vancini said. BANKING UBS to pass on ECB charges UBS Group AG is extending charges on cash holdings to more of its customers, becoming the latest bank to pass on the eurozone’s negative interest rates. The world’s largest wealth manager has introduced a charge of 0.6 percent on euro-denominated accounts with cash holdings exceeding 1 million euros (US$1.08 million), the bank told clients in a letter seen by Bloomberg. UBS confirmed the content of the letter. “This charge reflects our costs resulting from the continuing extraordinarily low interest rates in the euro area and increased liquidity regulations,” the bank said in the letter. Clients who do not agree to the conditions need to inform UBS and close their account by the end of next month. The European Central Bank is trying to revive the eurozone economy by charging banks to keep money overnight at the central bank rather than lend or invest it, and by purchasing bonds to drive borrowing costs lower for companies. LUXURY GOODS Hermes profit surges 10% French luxury handbag maker Hermes International SCA reported a 10 percent jump in full-year profit, boosted by Asian sales of leather goods and Birkin handbags, and as tourists return to its stores in Europe. Operating profit climbed to 1.7 billion euros on an adjusted basis, the Paris-based company said yesterday in a statement, in line with the average analyst estimate. The profit margin widened to a record 32.6 percent of sales from 31.8 percent the previous year. The luxury industry has been reporting signs of improvement after years of ebbing demand in China and a slowdown in European tourism. Tiffany & Co reported higher-than-expected earnings last week. This story has been viewed 2363 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-03-16 to 2017-03-23 Most read Most e-mailed 1 US plans to sell Taiwan arms: reports 2 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 3 EDITORIAL: KMT’s dubious view on espionage 4 Study: Vitamin D could prevent common cold 研究：維生素D可預防感冒 5 Events and entertainment listings MORE  1 Taipei luxury hotel sorry for serving expired, moldy food 2 Alleged manipulation of Tatung stock to be probed 3 Taiwan News Quick Take 4 Phison Electronics to pay NT$14 cash dividend per share 5 Gut microbes may be used to cure illnesses: doctor MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Business   Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) introduces U.S. President Donald Trump at the National Republican Congressional Committee March Dinner in Washington, U.S., March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria    Markets Open Sluggish As Investors Await Repeal Vote Robert Donachie Finance Reporter 12:17 PM 03/22/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5546747 Markets continued trading lower than expected Wednesday morning, coming off the heels of the biggest one-day slide in market value since the election. Investors are beginning to question whether President Donald Trump will move forward with his promises of tax reform and massive deregulation. Some fear that if health care reform falls flat or takes longer than anticipated, tax reform may not happen. “The markets were reminded yesterday the ‘Trump trade’ is not a one-way trade and there’s room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want,” Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston, told reporters. The president has been adamant that he cannot move ahead with his pro-growth agenda until Republicans are able to “repeal and replace” Obamacare. Speaking at a rally in Louisville, Ken., Monday evening, Trump said: “We want a very big tax cut. But we cannot do that until we repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.” Trump is doing everything he can to get the repeal bill through Congress. The president made a visit to Capitol Hill Tuesday morning in an attempt to rally Republicans around the American Health Care Act. Despite his best attempts, it does not appear the president has been able to garner the necessary votes for the bill. (RELATED: White House Is Daring Republicans To Vote Against The Bill) The House Freedom Caucus is a voting block the Republicans are heavily relying on to pass their repeal agenda. If Republicans lose the Freedom Caucus’s support, the bill will not make it through the House. After House leadership made changes to the bill Monday evening in the manager’s amendment, House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows said: “I’m confident that we still have enough concerns that a vote of 216 votes in the House would not happen today.” Meadows reportedly did not change his tune following Tuesday’s meeting with the president on Capitol Hill. Sen. Rand Paul appeared on CNN’s “Erin Burnett OutFront” Tuesday afternoon to speak about the House vote Thursday on the American Health Care Act. The senator said there is “no” chance the bill makes it out of the House. “I think we have 30 to 35 no votes in the House,” Paul said. “I think either the House leadership will put it forward and lose, or they will begin counting the votes very closely and decide not to put it forward.” (RELATED: Paul Fires Back At Trump And TrumpCare) Investors concerns were not soothed after Trump’s Tuesday meeting with lawmakers, sparking the biggest one-day fall in the market since the November election. Republican’s repeal bill is slated to go up for a vote Thursday, and markets will be hanging on the results. Follow Robert on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Affordable Care Act, American Health Care Act, Donald Trump, Mark Meadows, Obamacare, Paul Ryan Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Pacira Pharmaceuticals (PCRX) Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.23 Per Share Traders Sell NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) on Strength on Insider Selling Enova International Inc (ENVA) VP John Higginson Sells 3,500 Shares Chase Co. (CCF) Insider Peter R. Chase Sells 500 Shares of Stock HPQ Silicon Resources Inc (HPQ) Insider Exploration Ltd. Fancamp Sells 100,000 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 40,000 Shares of Stock Napco Security Technologies Inc (NSSC) Insider Jorge Hevia Sells 15,000 Shares Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Insider Scott Roza Sells 3,545 Shares MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) VP David E. Dykstra Sells 5,353 Shares Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (SYKE) Insider David Pearson Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Five Below Inc (FIVE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS PVH Corp (PVH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Pacific Crest Initiates Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Lowered to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) CEO John L. Higgins Sells 4,000 Shares KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Major Shareholder David L. Hatcher Sells 9,000 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (NYSE:ZTO) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “ZTO Express Inc. is an express delivery company. It provides express delivery service through its nationwide network as well as other value-added logistics services. The Company offers route planning and optimization, waybill tracking system and transportation management system. ZTO Express Inc. is based in Shanghai, China. “ ZTO has been the topic of several other research reports. Vetr lowered shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $16.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Citigroup Inc began coverage on shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) in a research report on Monday, November 21st. They set a buy rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc began coverage on shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) in a research report on Monday, November 21st. They set a buy rating and a $19.00 price target on the stock. Morgan Stanley began coverage on shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) in a research report on Monday, November 21st. They set an overweight rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) in a research report on Wednesday, November 23rd. They set an overweight rating and a $19.00 price target on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $18.17. Shares of ZTO Express (NYSE:ZTO) traded down 0.32% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $12.46. 241,568 shares of the stock traded hands. ZTO Express has a 12 month low of $11.14 and a 12 month high of $18.45. The company has a market cap of $8.98 billion and a P/E ratio of 29.60. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $12.94 and a 200 day moving average of $13.61. Your IP Address: Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. bought a new stake in shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) during the fourth quarter valued at about $121,000. Seven Eight Capital LP bought a new stake in shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) during the fourth quarter valued at about $121,000. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al bought a new stake in shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) during the fourth quarter valued at about $414,000. Harvest Fund Management Co. Ltd bought a new stake in shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) during the fourth quarter valued at about $604,000. Finally, Pacad Investment Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of ZTO Express (Cayman) during the fourth quarter valued at about $657,000. ZTO Express (Cayman) Company Profile ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc is an express delivery company in China. The Company provides express delivery service through its nationwide network, as well as other value-added logistics services. The Company provides its services for a range of online merchants and consumers transacting on the Chinese e-commerce platforms, such as Alibaba and JD.com. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Next » SCANA Co. (SCG) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Exxon Mobil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “ExxonMobil’s stock showed significant pricing weaknesses over the last one year. During the aforesaid period, the company’s shares slipped almost 2%, whereas the Zacks categorized Oil & Gas-International Integrated industry gained 6.3%. Moreover, the company’s dividend yield is one of the lowest among the major energy firms. In fact, the current dividend yield of 3.6% is lower than the 4.6% yield for the broader industry. Notably, the company’s average yield of 3.4% underperformed the dividend yield of 4.7% for the broader industry in the last one year. Additionally, ExxonMobil’s oil and natural gas output is way below the production level reached 10 years ago in spite of it having completed many acquisitions. Decreasing capital spending will likely result in further deterioration of output.” Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating on shares of Exxon Mobil in a research note on Monday, December 12th. HSBC Holdings plc reduced their target price on shares of Exxon Mobil from $90.00 to $85.00 and set a hold rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Royal Bank of Canada set a $95.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Vetr downgraded shares of Exxon Mobil from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $88.94 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a $75.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Exxon Mobil has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $89.44. Shares of Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) traded down 0.34% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $81.55. The company had a trading volume of 4,676,504 shares. Exxon Mobil has a 1-year low of $80.31 and a 1-year high of $95.55. The firm has a market capitalization of $338.15 billion, a P/E ratio of 43.45 and a beta of 0.91. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $82.30 and a 200 day moving average price of $85.69. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.41 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.29. The company earned $61.02 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $62.28 billion. Exxon Mobil had a return on equity of 5.56% and a net margin of 3.47%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.67 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Exxon Mobil will post $4.07 EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 9th were paid a $0.75 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 7th. This represents a $3.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.67%. Exxon Mobil’s dividend payout ratio is currently 159.58%. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Security Asset Management increased its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Security Asset Management now owns 19,242 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,737,000 after buying an additional 232 shares in the last quarter. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter worth approximately $12,435,000. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,209,000. Access Financial Services Inc. bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter worth approximately $877,000. Finally, Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter worth approximately $709,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 51.09% of the company’s stock. Exxon Mobil Company Profile Exxon Mobil Corporation is an energy company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas, manufacturing of petroleum products, and transportation and sale of crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and various specialty products. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Exxon Mobil (XOM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous The Western Union Company (WU) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Next » ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing UDR Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for UDR Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) UDR, Inc. (UDR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet UDR, Inc. (NYSE:UDR) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Shares of UDR outperformed the Zacks categorized REIT – Equity Trust – Residential industry over the past one month. But, we remain apprehensive about UDR’s performance in the upcoming period as the company has been dealing with elevated deliveries in a number of its markets, including San Francisco, Los Angeles and New York. Also, UDR faces stiff competition from other housing alternatives such as rental apartments, condominiums and single-family homes, which limits its growth prospects. Further, rate hike adds to its woes. However, in January, UDR came up with a better-than-expected performance for fourth-quarter 2016. Growth in revenue from same-store and stabilized, non-mature communities attributed to this increase. It also announced a 2017 annualized dividend per share of $1.24, denoting an increase of 5% over the prior year.” A number of other analysts have also recently commented on UDR. Bank of America Corp raised UDR from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $37.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut UDR from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and dropped their price target for the stock from $40.00 to $37.00 in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Mizuho reissued a “buy” rating on shares of UDR in a research report on Friday, December 23rd. Barclays PLC dropped their price target on UDR from $37.00 to $35.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Zelman & Associates cut UDR from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $38.20. UDR (NYSE:UDR) traded down 0.28% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $36.07. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 465,527 shares. The firm has a market cap of $9.64 billion, a PE ratio of 33.40 and a beta of 0.34. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $35.61 and a 200-day moving average price of $35.05. UDR has a 12-month low of $32.79 and a 12-month high of $38.61. UDR (NYSE:UDR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.10 by $0.36. UDR had a return on equity of 9.96% and a net margin of 30.52%. The firm had revenue of $243.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $242.05 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.62 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that UDR will post $0.31 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: In related news, insider Warren L. Troupe sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.15, for a total value of $542,250.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 538,422 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,463,955.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 2.79% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in UDR. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in UDR by 49.5% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 5,099 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $184,000 after buying an additional 1,689 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE boosted its position in UDR by 26.2% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 5,648 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $204,000 after buying an additional 1,173 shares during the period. Conning Inc. boosted its position in UDR by 8.2% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 6,060 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $218,000 after buying an additional 460 shares during the period. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC boosted its position in UDR by 638.3% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 6,785 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $244,000 after buying an additional 5,866 shares during the period. Finally, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. boosted its position in UDR by 2.8% in the third quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 6,847 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $246,000 after buying an additional 188 shares during the period. UDR Company Profile UDR, Inc is a self-administered real estate investment trust. The Company owns, operates, acquires, renovates, develops, redevelops, disposes of and manages multifamily apartment communities generally located in various markets across the United States. The Company’s segments are Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on UDR (UDR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for UDR Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for UDR Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Tullow Oil (TUWLF) Upgraded to “Buy” at Deutsche Bank AG Next » ReneSola Ltd. (SOL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Bank AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €15.50 Price Target by Citigroup Inc Analysts March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc set a €15.50 ($16.67) price target on Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) in a report published on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the stock. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the company. Societe Generale set a €11.50 ($12.37) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €17.00 ($18.28) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €19.00 ($20.43) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Morgan Stanley set a €16.50 ($17.74) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Finally, Commerzbank Ag set a €14.00 ($15.05) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €16.29 ($17.52). Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) traded down 0.66% during trading on Tuesday, hitting €15.81. The stock had a trading volume of 100,722 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €18.25 and its 200-day moving average price is €15.74. The stock’s market cap is €21.80 billion. Deutsche Bank AG has a 1-year low of €9.91 and a 1-year high of €19.95. Your IP Address: Deutsche Bank AG Company Profile Deutsche Bank AG is a Germany-based global investment bank. The Company diversifies its activities into three group divisions: Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB); Private Clients and Asset Management (PCAM), and Corporate Investments (CI). The Corporate & Investment Bank group division comprises corporate banking and securities activities and is divided into Corporate Banking & Securities (CB&S), comprising Markets and Corporate Finance businesses, and Global Transaction Banking (GTB) corporate divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Bank AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close DMN files Pending North Texas office moves have lenders spooked about empty buildings Filed under Real Estate at 22 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Two North Texas companies' plans to relocate to new office campuses are raising red flags with lenders. Zale Corp., a division of Signet Jewelers Ltd., is relocating its longtime Irving office to a new building in the Cypress Waters development north of LBJ Freeway. JPMorgan Chase is consolidating offices from throughout North Texas to a new campus in West Plano starting late this year. Lenders who hold the debt on the buildings that Chase and Zale are leaving behind are worried about potential mortgage defaults if the buildings sit empty. Chase plans to vacate two office buildings in the Vista Ridge area of Lewisville, leaving behind more than 480,000 square feet of space. Chase is the lone occupant in two buildings in the Lago Vista complex near Interstate 35E and State Highway 121. Its leases expire in November. Public debt servicers who hold $58.3 million in loans on the Lewisville buildings are keeping an eye on the property, say Wall Street analysts at Trepp LLC. The loans on the buildings are due in July, and it would be harder to obtain new financing if the property faces a vacancy. The loan servicer says the building owner is in talks with a mortgage company to rent the empty space when Chase leaves. Zale is moving its offices later this year from the 358,885-square-foot building at 901 W. Walnut Hill Lane in Irving. The jewelry retailer will relocate to a new 256,000-square-foot corporate campus near Belt Line Road and north of LBJ in Cypress Waters. The $38.5 million in public real estate debt on Zale's Irving headquarters has been sent to a special servicer. Real estate brokers with Dallas' E Smith Realty have been marketing the building for a new tenant. Zale's lease on the building runs through December 2018, according to Trepp. With major businesses building a handful of office campuses in Dallas-Fort Worth, they will leave behind millions of square feet of empty buildings when they move to new locations this year and in 2018. Investors who own the former headquarters will be hustling to find new tenants. Subscribe to our new weekly real estate newsletter. View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Irving Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Trump's Wall Street cop is a big defender of Wall Street - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Erie News Now is seeking to resolve negotiation with DirecTV Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Trump's Wall Street cop is a big defender of Wall Street Posted: Wednesday, March 22, 2017 11:22 AM EDT Updated: Wednesday, March 22, 2017 11:53 AM EDT SEC, S.E.C., exteriors, daytime, summer, logo, flags, for graphics President-elect Donald Trump's choice to be the next top cop of Wall Street is Jay Clayton, an elite lawyer who has defended big banks for their financial crisis-era misbehavior. By Matt Egan NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Jay Clayton, a star Wall Street lawyer picked to lead the SEC, has a list of clients that reads like a who's who of companies accused of shady practices. There's Volkswagen, which has pled guilty to criminal charges over cheating on emissions tests; Valeant, a drug maker accused of being the "Enron" of the pharma world for fraud; and Deutsche Bank, which has been charged in a $10 billion Russian money-laundering scheme; Clayton, who will be quizzed about his ties to troubled companies during his confirmation hearing on Thursday, also represented the very industry he is supposed to police -- he advised Goldman Sachs on its controversial government bailout and Bear Stearns in its 2008 fire sale to JPMorgan. As a partner at the elite law firm Sullivan & Cromwell, Clayton pulled in $7.6 million in the last year and could make another $1 million when he steps down, according to recently-filed financial disclosure forms. Democrats are already attacking Clayton's extensive ties to the financial industry. They question how he'll be able to keep Trump's promise not to let Wall Street "get away with murder" by now watching over the very companies he was paid to defend. Senators Bernie Sanders and Jeff Merkley are expected to appear at a rally in Washington, D.C. on Wednesday to urge their colleagues to reject Clayton's nomination. Activists have pointed to Clayton's "massive conflicts of interest and cozy relationship with Wall Street." Clayton would help Trump deregulate If confirmed, Clayton would oversee an agency charged with protecting investors, rooting out financial crime and ensuring capital markets are fair to all. Clayton would also play a key role in Trump's efforts to rip up what he sees as burdensome regulation from the Obama era. For instance, investors are hoping Clayton's confirmation hearing will make it easier for companies to raise money, in part by relaxing reporting requirements and other rules. The White House didn't respond to a request for comment for this story, but Trump has previously praised Clayton's background as a Wall Street lawyer. When he nominated Clayton, Trump predicted he will help unleash the "job-creating power" of the economy. "We believe this is one of the better Trump picks to run a government agency," Jaret Seiberg, a Cowen & Company analyst, wrote in a report to clients. "He could provide real relief when it comes to raising capital." Obama's SEC chief defended banks, too To be fair, Clayton isn't the first SEC nominee this decade to have a history of defending companies in legal trouble. If confirmed as SEC chief, he'll replace Mary Jo White, a superstar lawyer nominated by Obama in 2013 after years of representing big companies like hospital chain HCA and large banks such as Morgan Stanley. White also successfully defended former Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis against an SEC investigation. But unlike Clayton, White had a long record as a tough federal prosecutor. She led investigations into financial fraud, helped take down former mob boss John Gotti and won a conviction against the terrorists behind the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. Clayton's financial disclosure form filed with the Office of Government Ethics includes a long list of corporate clients from which he's earned more than $5,000 from in a single year. The roster includes Barclays, a British bank that in December was sued by U.S. prosecutors for allegedly selling shady mortgage securities that left clients with billions of dollars in the hole. Other major clients include Pershing Square, the hedge fund run by prominent Valeant backer Bill Ackman, who recently sold his stake in the controversial drug maker at a massive loss. Clayton has also represented the Royal Bank of Canada and hedge fund billionaire Paul Tudor Jones. Clayton won't reveal some clients Of course, it makes sense that Clayton has a history of representing major Wall Street players. After all, he's a high-priced lawyer who's been a partner at Sullivan & Cromwell since 2001. Still, Clayton has some clients on his roster that are so sensitive that he won't even divulge who they are. Clayton's disclosure form includes a note saying that four individual clients and five corporate clients are not listed "because the disclosure of the representations are the subject of attorney-client privilege and other confidentiality obligations." Clayton also indicated that two corporate clients aren't detailed because they're the "subject of a pending non-public investigation." It's not clear if those investigations are being conducted by the SEC or other authorities. Clayton is the latest Trump nominee who has deep ties to Wall Street generally, and Goldman Sachs specifically. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin was a longtime Goldman Sachs partner and Trump has nominated Goldman exec Jim Donovan to the No. 2 job at the Treasury Department. Gary Cohn stepped down as Number Two of Goldman Sachs to become Trump's top economic adviser. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Reuters - JPMorgan leads US firms as they best European rivals Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers data on Wednesday showed. Reuters reports that JP Morgan's revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11% to $25.2bn last year from $22.7bn in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by U.S. peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3% decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one - municipal finance - of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by U.S. banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Deutsche Bank. Hit the link below to access the complete Reuters article: U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe Credit Suisse to disclose capital-raising plans soon, CEO tells FuW And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Trending: Programming Careers Learn Java Mobile Java Java App Dev Open Source Java Development Tools Java 101 Resources/White Papers Search javaworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Java 101: Interfaces in Java Review: MongoDB learns cool new tricks Serverless computing: Freedom for devs at last The best Go language IDEs and editors More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Core Java All Core Java Agile Development Java Concurrency Java Language Java Platform Java Security Programming Careers Testing and Debugging Enterprise Java All Enterprise Java Big Data Cloud Computing Data Analytics Development Tools Java APIs Java App Dev Java Web Development Open Source Scripting and JVM Languages Learn Java All Learn Java Design Patterns Mobile Java All Mobile Java Java Android Developers Java iOS Developers News Features How-Tos Blogs Resources/White Papers Newsletters × Close Home Core Java Programming Careers News Recruiters: Coding talent needed, degree optional HackerRank finds that bootcamps and other alternatives to four-year degrees are now seen as viable Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Paul Krill Editor at Large, InfoWorld | Mar 17, 2017 3:00 AM PT Credit: Thinkstock More like this 10 resume do’s and don’ts for developers Self-taught? 3 keys to acing the coding interview Coding boot camp grads write better code Employers who once focused on finding software development talent from top universities are now hiring developers who learned the trade from coding bootcamps, junior colleges, and online resources, technical recruiter HackerRank says. Citing an ongoing developer talent shortage that needs addressing, HackerRank sees technology democratizing how developers acquire skills. "It's more important than ever to realize that CS (computer science) degrees are not the only way to become a great developer," says Vivek Ravisankar, HackerRank co-founder & CEO. "That said, training is only one part of the equation. If companies don't find new ways to find and evaluate candidates based on skill, versus pedigree, then they'll continue to face a skills shortage." Someone driven to learn the fundamentals, be a self starter, and demonstrate strong computational thinking can absolutely become a great software engineer without a traditional CS degree, Ravisankar says, citing Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg as examples of prominent developers without these degrees. Companies like JP Morgan Chase and VMware are looking at candidates without traditional degrees when hiring developers, HackerRank said. When it comes to colleges, schools with the most esteemed reputations, such as Stanford University, are not the only suppliers of programmers, Ravisankar adds. Junior colleges or other perhaps less-esteemed four-year schools also matter. "With the democratization of skill training, it's increasingly less about where you went to school and more about whether or not you can do the job well," he points out. "Today, there are better ways to evaluate actual skills than what's on a resume. It's about skills first above all." HackerRank emphasizes coding bootcamps like Software Guild, Iron Yard, epicodus, Code Fellows, and Treehouse as an alternative. "These are usually rigorous full-time courses that require a lot of work, practice, and skill assessments," notes Ravisankar. JavaScript gets a greater focus at bootcamps than it does at traditional colleges. "Bootcamps have a limited amount of time to teach, and Javascript is a more practical skill in the industry," says Heraldo Memelli, lead content curator at HackerRank. "Javascript has increasingly become of the one of the most sought-after skills. It's a tool that new developers can use to build things fast."  This story, "Recruiters: Coding talent needed, degree optional" was originally published by InfoWorld. Related: Programming Careers Java App Dev Java Android Developer Java Web Development Mobile Paul Krill is an editor at large at InfoWorld, whose coverage focuses on application development. Follow Recommended Eclipse, NetBeans, or IntelliJ? Choose your Java IDE OSGi at the UK's biggest science lab Android Studio for beginners: Code the app Jenkins with Docker, Part 1 Video/Webcast Sponsored Building Cognitive IoT-Robotics-Mobile Messaging with Java, Watson and MobileFirst on Bluemix Extending the value of your Java applications means more than just moving to the cloud. Business... Popular on JavaWorld Eclipse, NetBeans, or IntelliJ? Choose your Java IDE Find out what to look for in a Java IDE and get tips for deciding which of the top three--Eclipse,... Android Studio for beginners: Code the app Open source Java projects: Docker Swarm Newsletters Stay up to date on the latest tutorials and Java community news posted on JavaWorld Get our Enterprise Java newsletter GO Lightning fast NoSQL with Spring Data Redis Redis isn't your typical NoSQL data store, and that's exactly why it hits the sweet spot for certain... InfoWorld's 2017 Technology of the Year Award winners InfoWorld editors and reviewers pick the year's best hardware, software, development tools, and cloud... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Building Cognitive IoT-Robotics-Mobile Messaging with Java, Watson and MobileFirst on Bluemix White Paper IBM Bluemix - From Idea to Application White Paper Microservices Without the Hassle of Infrastructure Video/Webcast Sponsored OpenWhisk Hello World Demonstration Video/Webcast Sponsored PointSource Shortens Scrum Meetings by 50 Percent with IBM DevOps Services for Bluemix Go Featured Stories Recruiters: Coding talent needed, degree optional HackerRank finds that bootcamps and other alternatives to four-year degrees are now seen as viable MIT-Stanford project uses LLVM to break big data bottlenecks Written in Rust, Weld can provide orders-of-magnitude speedups to Spark and TensorFlow Machine learning proves its worth to business AI on the verge: Early adopters reap business benefits, as machine learning nears the mainstream Android switches to native Java 8 support Hit the road, Jack -- Google is displacing the toolchain, but existing tools and plugins dependent on... Sponsored Links JavaWorld JavaWorld is the original independent resource for Java developers, architects, and managers. Follow us Core Java Enterprise Java Learn Java Mobile Java How-Tos Features News Blogs Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump’s Wall Street cop is a big defender of Wall Street Trump’s Wall Street cop is a big defender of Wall Street Posted on Wednesday, March 22, 2017 by CNN in Business News Jay Clayton, a star Wall Street lawyer picked to lead the SEC, has a list of clients that reads like a who’s who of companies accused of shady practices. There’s Volkswagen, which has pled guilty to criminal charges over cheating on emissions tests; Valeant, a drug maker accused of being the “Enron” of the pharma world for fraud; and Deutsche Bank, which has been charged in a $10 billion Russian money-laundering scheme; Clayton, who will be quizzed about his ties to troubled companies during his confirmation hearing on Thursday, also represented the very industry he is supposed to police — he advised Goldman Sachs on its controversial government bailout and Bear Stearns in its 2008 fire sale to JPMorgan. As a partner at the elite law firm Sullivan & Cromwell, Clayton pulled in $7.6 million in the last year and could make another $1 million when he steps down, according to recently-filed financial disclosure forms. Democrats are already attacking Clayton’s extensive ties to the financial industry. They question how he’ll be able to keep Trump’s promise not to let Wall Street “get away with murder” by now watching over the very companies he was paid to defend. Senators Bernie Sanders and Jeff Merkley are expected to appear at a rally in Washington, D.C. on Wednesday to urge their colleagues to reject Clayton’s nomination. Activists have pointed to Clayton’s “massive conflicts of interest and cozy relationship with Wall Street.” Clayton would help Trump deregulate If confirmed, Clayton would oversee an agency charged with protecting investors, rooting out financial crime and ensuring capital markets are fair to all. Clayton would also play a key role in Trump’s efforts to rip up what he sees as burdensome regulation from the Obama era. For instance, investors are hoping Clayton’s confirmation hearing will make it easier for companies to raise money, in part by relaxing reporting requirements and other rules. The White House didn’t respond to a request for comment for this story, but Trump has previously praised Clayton’s background as a Wall Street lawyer. When he nominated Clayton, Trump predicted he will help unleash the “job-creating power” of the economy. “We believe this is one of the better Trump picks to run a government agency,” Jaret Seiberg, a Cowen & Company analyst, wrote in a report to clients. “He could provide real relief when it comes to raising capital.” Obama’s SEC chief defended banks, too To be fair, Clayton isn’t the first SEC nominee this decade to have a history of defending companies in legal trouble. If confirmed as SEC chief, he’ll replace Mary Jo White, a superstar lawyer nominated by Obama in 2013 after years of representing big companies like hospital chain HCA and large banks such as Morgan Stanley. White also successfully defended former Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis against an SEC investigation. But unlike Clayton, White had a long record as a tough federal prosecutor. She led investigations into financial fraud, helped take down former mob boss John Gotti and won a conviction against the terrorists behind the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. Clayton’s financial disclosure form filed with the Office of Government Ethics includes a long list of corporate clients from which he’s earned more than $5,000 from in a single year. The roster includes Barclays, a British bank that in December was sued by U.S. prosecutors for allegedly selling shady mortgage securities that left clients with billions of dollars in the hole. Other major clients include Pershing Square, the hedge fund run by prominent Valeant backer Bill Ackman, who recently sold his stake in the controversial drug maker at a massive loss. Clayton has also represented the Royal Bank of Canada and hedge fund billionaire Paul Tudor Jones. Clayton won’t reveal some clients Of course, it makes sense that Clayton has a history of representing major Wall Street players. After all, he’s a high-priced lawyer who’s been a partner at Sullivan & Cromwell since 2001. Still, Clayton has some clients on his roster that are so sensitive that he won’t even divulge who they are. Clayton’s disclosure form includes a note saying that four individual clients and five corporate clients are not listed “because the disclosure of the representations are the subject of attorney-client privilege and other confidentiality obligations.” Clayton also indicated that two corporate clients aren’t detailed because they’re the “subject of a pending non-public investigation.” It’s not clear if those investigations are being conducted by the SEC or other authorities. Clayton is the latest Trump nominee who has deep ties to Wall Street generally, and Goldman Sachs specifically. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin was a longtime Goldman Sachs partner and Trump has nominated Goldman exec Jim Donovan to the No. 2 job at the Treasury Department. Gary Cohn stepped down as Number Two of Goldman Sachs to become Trump’s top economic adviser. Robert Nardelli on Trump: Washington can't slow him down The 800+ club: Secrets of people with high credit scores Related Posts 4 reasons Russia and Turkey can’t afford a trade war Fitbit could be worth $3.7 billion after IPO NRF: Gas Prices No Match When it Comes to Mom Fox Business debate: Chris Christie, Rand Paul on the bubble Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing aTyr Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) aTyr Pharma Inc (LIFE) PT Raised to $4.00 at Citigroup Inc Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet aTyr Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:LIFE) had its target price hoisted by equities researchers at Citigroup Inc from $3.00 to $4.00 in a note issued to investors on Monday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Citigroup Inc’s price objective points to a potential upside of 9.59% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. BMO Capital Markets set a $4.00 price objective on shares of aTyr Pharma and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “hold” rating on shares of aTyr Pharma in a research note on Saturday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of aTyr Pharma from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $3.71. aTyr Pharma (NASDAQ:LIFE) traded down 3.425% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $3.525. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 7,843 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is $83.71 million. The company’s 50-day moving average is $3.49 and its 200 day moving average is $3.09. aTyr Pharma has a 52 week low of $2.10 and a 52 week high of $5.48. Your IP Address: An institutional investor recently bought a new position in aTyr Pharma stock. EcoR1 Capital LLC bought a new stake in aTyr Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:LIFE) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 976,986 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,101,000. aTyr Pharma accounts for approximately 0.7% of EcoR1 Capital LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 20th largest position. EcoR1 Capital LLC owned about 4.12% of aTyr Pharma as of its most recent SEC filing. Institutional investors own 44.84% of the company’s stock. aTyr Pharma Company Profile aTyr Pharma, Inc is a clinical-stage biotherapeutics company. The Company is engaged in the discovery and clinical development of medicines for patients suffering from severe, rare diseases using its Physiocrine biology, a discovered set of physiological modulators. The Company focuses on the development of Physiocrine-based therapeutics for the treatment of rare diseases, including facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD) and limb-girdle muscular dystrophy (LGMD) 2B. Receive News & Ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Next » Malibu Boats Inc (MBUU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Oracle Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oracle Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Wunderlich Reiterates Hold Rating for Oracle Co. (ORCL) March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Oracle Co. (NYSE:ORCL)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by equities research analysts at Wunderlich in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. They currently have a $46.00 target price on the enterprise software provider’s stock, up from their prior target price of $43.00. Wunderlich’s price target points to a potential upside of 2.59% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on ORCL. BTIG Research reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $47.00 price objective on shares of Oracle in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. JMP Securities raised shares of Oracle from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $42.00 to $43.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Oracle from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $51.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on shares of Oracle to $52.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Cowen and Company boosted their price objective on shares of Oracle to $48.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating, twenty-six have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $45.81. Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) traded down 0.04% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $44.82. 4,469,552 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $184.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.20 and a beta of 1.14. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $42.13 and a 200-day moving average of $40.04. Oracle has a 12 month low of $37.62 and a 12 month high of $46.99. Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 15th. The enterprise software provider reported $0.69 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.07. Oracle had a net margin of 23.69% and a return on equity of 21.33%. The firm had revenue of $9.27 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.64 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 2.9% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Oracle will post $2.64 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, April 12th will be issued a $0.19 dividend. This is a positive change from Oracle’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.15. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, April 10th. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.69%. Oracle’s dividend payout ratio is presently 28.99%. Your IP Address: In other Oracle news, Director Hector Garcia-Molina sold 3,750 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.95, for a total transaction of $153,562.50. Following the sale, the director now owns 8,281 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $339,106.95. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Jeffrey Berg sold 31,750 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.80, for a total transaction of $1,454,150.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 1,143,000 shares of company stock worth $53,067,025. 29.00% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Proficio Capital Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Oracle by 4.5% in the third quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 3,151 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 135 shares in the last quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Oracle by 64.4% in the third quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 3,276 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares in the last quarter. Clean Yield Group raised its stake in shares of Oracle by 3.1% in the third quarter. Clean Yield Group now owns 3,293 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 99 shares in the last quarter. Valley National Advisers Inc. raised its stake in shares of Oracle by 2.9% in the third quarter. Valley National Advisers Inc. now owns 3,666 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $144,000 after buying an additional 105 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Bank & Trust bought a new stake in shares of Oracle during the fourth quarter worth approximately $141,000. 57.95% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Oracle Company Profile Oracle Corporation (Oracle) provides products and services that address all aspects of corporate information technology (IT) environments, including application, platform and infrastructure. The Company’s businesses include cloud and on-premise software, hardware and services. Its cloud and on-premise software business consists of three segments, including cloud software and on-premise software, which includes Software as a Service (SaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) offerings, cloud infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and software license updates and product support. Receive News & Ratings for Oracle Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oracle Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article The Future of Virtual Reality: 5 Things to Know VR has been getting a lot of attention recently Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 6 Strategies for Paying Off Mortgage Loans Early Paying off sooner saves you money in the long run My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search 5 Ultra-Safe Stocks to Counter the Worst Sell-Off in 5 Months March 22, 2017, 08:52:00 AM EDT By Tirthankar Chakraborty, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo Stocks witnessed the worst one-day slide since last October, with both the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 losing more than 1%. It seems that the honeymoon period for Wall Street and President Trump has come to an end as investors turned restless owing to the slow progress in healthcare and financial reforms. The markets also bore the brunt of expensive stocks, as well as fresh fears that the economic rebound might not be as robust as anticipated. With the markets apprehending a healthy pullback after a strong run, investing in sound stocks that are unperturbed by market gyrations seems judicious. Fear Grips Markets The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped almost 238 points or 1.1% on Mar 21, the highest one day point and percentage loss since blue chips fell 1.4% on Sep 13, 2016. The S&P 500 also suffered its worst day one-day slide since Oct 11, 2016. The benchmark index slipped more than 1% for the first time in 110 trading sessions while the tech-laden Nasdaq that includes many hot stocks such as Apple Inc. AAPL , Facebook, Inc. FB and Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN also had its worst day since Sep 9, 2016. The small-cap Russell 2000 index, in the meantime, wiped out all of its year-to-date gains. The recent market weakness seems to be a signal that investors have adopted a more negative stance. The CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index , that tracks seven measures of market sentiments, is showing signs of Fear. Just a month ago it had indicated Extreme Greed. This goes to show how quickly emotions surrounding the Wall Street change. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), a preferred gauge of stock market stress, climbed almost 10% to 12.47 on Mar 21, the highest since Mar 1. The index is also 7.69% above its 50-day moving average, which shows that investors are concerned about the near-term value of their portfolios. Trump Rally Wanes Wall Street experts believe that the market, which enjoyed a continual rise since Trump's win, spiraled down on fears that his pro-growth agenda was getting bogged down in politics. Slow progress in healthcare and financial reforms now has investors on tenterhooks. Traders worry that the efforts to pass a Republican healthcare bill through the Congress will delay Trump's other economic policies including tax cuts and passage of an infrastructure spending bill. The Republican-controlled House did revise its bill to replace Obamacare but it is not clear whether the amendments are enough to ensure success at the Senate. Speaker Paul Ryan's bill, designed to replace Obamacare, has already been criticized by both sides of the aisle. Following this, the Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLV), which includes drug makers and big insurance companies, fell around 0.8%. Such uncertainty over how and when the administration will implement regulatory reforms also spooked banks. Such stocks had, earlier, rallied on Trump's promises that the administration will relax financial rules and regulations including rollback of the Dodd-Frank act. The Fed, in the meantime, signaled at two more rate hikes by the end of the year, which has been sheer disappointment for traders who expected a more hawkish tone on the pace of the tightening cycle, eventually affecting banks (read more: 5 Biggest Winners from the Fed Rate Hike ). Banking behemoths including Bank of America BAC plunged nearly 6%, while JPMorgan Chase JPM and Wells Fargo WFC were down about 3%, with the Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLF) falling nearly 3%. In fact, more or less, all the sectors took a beating on concerns that Trump's plan to slash taxes for corporations and individuals will be stalled, while energy shares fell as oil prices dropped yet again. Investors Fear Stocks are Overvalued The Wall Street's relentless Trump rally is also poised to finally take a breather as almost 34% fund managers say that stocks are "overvalued", according to a Bank of America Merrill Lynch survey. This was the highest number of fund managers saying that stocks are overrated in the 17-year history of the survey, which polled 165 such mangers controlling $500 billion in assets. An increasing number of market insiders have raised concerns about the elevated levels of popular valuation metrics. The S&P 500 is currently trading at 17.9 times forward earnings, the highest P/E ratio since 2004 and well above the five-year average of 15. Even Carl Icahn, a special advisor to Trump, said that he is worried that the market "has run ahead of itself". He acknowledged that the Trump rally, which pushed the Dow up 2,400 points since the election, is based more on expectations than fundamentals. Buy These 5 Safe Stocks Now Not only did the history-setting bullish run for the Dow and the S&P 500 come to a screeching halt, investors continue to fear that the markets remain overheated. Amid all these, the U.S. estimated GDP growth for the first three months of this year has been declining since the beginning of March. The first quarter growth projections came down to 0.9% from roughly 2% three weeks ago, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. Due to this market setback, investors should build a strategy on low-risk assets and a combination of parameters that lead to better returns. The best way to go about doing this is by creating a portfolio of low-beta stocks, which are inherently less volatile than the markets they trade in. In this case, a low beta ranges from 0 to 1. These stocks also boast a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy). Given the current valuations, investors could benefit from investing in such stocks. Preferred Apartment Communities, Inc. APTS invests in real estate markets of the U.S. It primarily acquires and operates multifamily apartment properties. Preferred Apartment Communities has a beta of 0.52 and a Zacks Rank #1. Preferred Apartment Communities has a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 8.95, below the industry's 16.60, implying that the stock is quite a bargain. The company's projected growth rate for the current year is 12.2%, more than the REIT and Equity Trust - Residential industry's increase of 6.1%. Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation BGFV operates as a sporting goods retailer in western U.S. The company has a beta of 0.37 and a Zacks Rank #2. Big 5 Sporting Goods has a P/E ratio (P/E) of 13.65, compared to the industry's 20. The company's projected growth rate for the current year is 35.4%, more than the Retail - Miscellaneous industry's increase of 15.4%. Magic Software Enterprises Ltd. MGIC is a provider of application development, business process integration platforms and vertical software solutions. The company has a beta of 0.64 and a Zacks Rank #2. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here . Magic Software Enterprises has a P/E ratio of 14.20, below the industry's 69.90. The company's projected growth rate for the current year is 27.3%, higher than the Computer - Software industry's gain of 9.4%. Tyson Foods, Inc. TSN is a food company, which offers chicken, beef and pork, as well as prepared foods. The company has a beta of 0.16 and a Zacks Rank #2. Tyson Foods has a P/E ratio of 12.53, compared to the industry's 14.10. The company's projected growth rate for the current year is 13.4%, more than the Food - Meat Products industry's addition of 6.7%. Acme United Corporation ACU is a supplier of cutting, measuring, first aid and sharpening products to the school, home, office, hardware, sporting goods and industrial markets. It markets and sells in various brands, such as Westcott brand, First Aid Only, PhysiciansCare and Pac-Kit brands, and has operations in the U.S. The company has a beta of 0.72 and a Zacks Rank #2. Acme United has a P/E ratio of 14.61, below the industry's 21.90. The company's projected growth rate for the current year is 8.5%, more than the Consumer Products - Discretionary industry's increase of 3.5%. 5 Trades Could Profit ""Big-League"" from Trump Policies                                                                                                            If the stocks above spark your interest, wait until you look into companies primed to make substantial gains from Washington's changing course. Today Zacks reveals 5 tickers that could benefit from new trends like streamlined drug approvals, tariffs, lower taxes, higher interest rates, and spending surges in defense and infrastructure. See these buy recommendations now >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM): Free Stock Analysis Report Wells Fargo & Company (WFC): Free Stock Analysis Report Bank of America Corporation (BAC): Free Stock Analysis Report Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report Apple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report Magic Software Enterprises Ltd. (MGIC): Free Stock Analysis Report Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN): Free Stock Analysis Report Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation (BGFV): Free Stock Analysis Report Facebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis Report Preferred Apartment Communities, Inc. (APTS): Free Stock Analysis Report Acme United Corporation. (ACU): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Business , Stocks Referenced Symbols: JPM , WFC , BAC , AMZN , AAPL More from Zacks.com Subscribe Deutsche Bank (DB) Awaits Regulatory Penalty for FX Conduct Are Investors Wrong to Be Selling Bank of America Stock Now? 5 Ultra-Safe Stocks to Counter the Worst Sell-Off in 5 Months Related Stocks Articles Subscribe Futures Point to Higher Open as Wall Street Braces for Healthcare Vote 3/23/2017 09:27 AM Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. (GCAP) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Apple Updates IPad; Introduces IPhone 7 & IPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Altice NV : Altice acquires Teads, the No. 1 online video advertising Albertsons held preliminary merger talks with Sprouts -Bloomberg Amgen: Low LDL Levels With Repatha Did Not Affect Cognitive Function Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Is Sinking Despite Study Results Ominto, Inc. (Nasdaq: OMNT) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing... EXCLUSIVE-Tillerson plans to skip NATO meeting, visit Russia in April... How Nike (NKE), Under Armour (UA), Adidas Are Battling In NCAA... What Happened in the Stock Market Today Cintas Says All Regulatory Consents For G&K Services Acquisition... View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced JPM 71% Rate It WFC 85% Rate It BAC 74% Rate It AMZN 84% Rate It AAPL 86% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
BREAKING NEWS: Eurozone banks jump on last chance for cheap ECB loans � … Virat 'great ambassador of game', says Pujara � � … Queen voices 'deepest sympathy' for victims of 'awful' attack � … Ex-Russian MP's murder 'act of state terrorism by Russia': Kiev � … EU summons Turkey envoy over Erdogan safety remarks � … Kremlin says claims of Russian involvement in ex-MP murder 'absurd' � … British parliament attack: The victims � � … Pope Francis 'deeply saddened' by London attack � … EU parliament head sets 'red line' on citizens' rights post-Brexit � � � … Markets rise before US healthcare vote; London flat after attack � … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy Ayaz, Murtaza greet nation on Pakistan.. Imaduddin Mar 23rd, 2017 11:47 Punjab government performance best as compared.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 23rd, 2017 02:20 NAB Chairman, Chinese delegation discuss bilateral.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 23rd, 2017 02:08 Sindh CM decides to overhaul education.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 23rd, 2017 01:58 Pakistan Day: PTI distributes one Lakh.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 23rd, 2017 00:55 Tariq Fatemi meets Governor of Riyadh.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 23rd, 2017 00:28 Incidents of terrorism, hate speech reduced:.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 23rd, 2017 00:03 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Ex-Russian MP’s murder ‘act of state.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 23rd, 2017 18:03 Kremlin says claims of Russian involvement.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 23rd, 2017 17:52 British parliament attack: The victims .. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 23rd, 2017 17:47 Pope Francis ‘deeply saddened’ by London.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 23rd, 2017 17:38 EU parliament head sets ‘red line’.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 23rd, 2017 17:34 China, Nepal to discuss joint military.. Imaduddin Mar 23rd, 2017 14:38 Seven arrests over British parliament terror.. Imaduddin Mar 23rd, 2017 13:20 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate Eurozone banks jump on last chance.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 23rd, 2017 18:14 American Airlines to buy stake in.. Imaduddin Mar 23rd, 2017 13:32 China’s Sinopec buys first major refinery.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 22nd, 2017 21:34 VW’s Skoda expects steady Czech crown.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 22nd, 2017 19:47 Swiss bank UBS to be tried.. Parvez Jabri Mar 20th, 2017 19:18 Vodafone to merge India operations with.. Imaduddin Mar 20th, 2017 09:23 Jack Ma to launch Alibaba’s regional.. Parvez Jabri Mar 18th, 2017 12:37 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM Markets rise before US healthcare vote;.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 23rd, 2017 17:30 Rising yen bucks fundamentals, gives Japan.. Imaduddin Mar 23rd, 2017 13:09 Asia stocks rise, but gains for.. Imaduddin Mar 23rd, 2017 13:05 JGBs supported on US bonds, waning.. Imaduddin Mar 23rd, 2017 13:03 Dollar hits 4-month low vs yen.. Imaduddin Mar 22nd, 2017 22:24 Global stocks fall as Trump doubts.. Imaduddin Mar 22nd, 2017 22:14 Trump tax cut doubts hit stocks,.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 22nd, 2017 20:42 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports Virat ‘great ambassador of game’, says.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 23rd, 2017 18:10 Ricciardo seeks end to 37-year Aussie.. Imaduddin Mar 23rd, 2017 14:36 WrestleMania showdown: Shane O Mac sends.. Ali Ahmed Mar 22nd, 2017 15:23 Sohail Khan remains part of Pakistan.. Ali Ahmed Mar 22nd, 2017 11:00 Pakistan through Davis Cup finals after.. Ali Ahmed Mar 22nd, 2017 07:26 PSL scandal: Arthur slams players for.. Ali Ahmed Mar 22nd, 2017 06:38 Indian spin duo tops ICC rankings,.. Ali Ahmed Mar 21st, 2017 15:07 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music Never put on so much weight:.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 22nd, 2017 17:28 Shahrukh Khan scared By Ghost in.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 22nd, 2017 15:21 Drunken workers cost BMW millions in.. Ali Ahmed Mar 21st, 2017 12:58 ‘Don’t act like a ‘God’: Dr.. Ali Ahmed Mar 21st, 2017 12:06 $60mn ‘Pink Star’ diamond goes back.. Parvez Jabri Mar 20th, 2017 20:55 Bill Gates again world’s richest man;.. Parvez Jabri Mar 20th, 2017 20:42 Is this the worlds most expensive.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 20th, 2017 17:00 Sci-Tech Solar Energy System to be installed.. Aagha Majid Mar 22nd, 2017 12:49 Pesticide Poisoning kills 200,000 people each.. Aagha Majid Mar 22nd, 2017 12:30 Stephen Hawking leaving Earth soon Ali Ahmed Mar 22nd, 2017 12:14 Exo-Glove Poly makes life easy for.. Aagha Majid Mar 22nd, 2017 09:26 Robert Downey Jr. is your New.. Aagha Majid Mar 22nd, 2017 09:18 Apples unveils the new RED iPhone Aagha Majid Mar 22nd, 2017 08:14 Tomorrow’s Automobile by Dominik Obertreis Jibran Abbasi Mar 22nd, 2017 07:57 ePaper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Americas » S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike Americas S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 22nd, 2017 19:07 0 NEW YORK: The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq were little changed on Wednesday as investors increasingly worried whether President Donald Trump will be able to push ahead with his pro-growth policies. The Dow was lower in morning trading, dragged down by a 6.2 percent fall in Nike after the world's largest footwear maker's quarterly revenue missed estimates amid intensifying competition in North America. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Republican leaders aim to move the controversial legislation to the House floor for debate as early as Thursday, amid concerns over support from party lawmakers. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer-than-expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. The concerns triggered the biggest one-day fall since the November election on Wall Street on Tuesday. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." US 10-year Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday and the gap between US and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. The S&P 500 has run up about 10 percent since the election in November, spurred mainly by Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure spending, but valuations have emerged as a concern. The benchmark index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data. At 9:38 a.m. ET (1338 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 23.89 points, or 0.12 percent, at 20,644.12, the S&P 500 was down 0.11 points, or 0.00 percent, at 2,343.91. The Nasdaq Composite was up 9.55 points, or 0.16 percent, at 5,803.37. Five of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.32 percent fall leading the decliners. The sector, the top performer since the November election, suffered its worst daily drop since June on Tuesday. Bank of America, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo fell about 1 percent. Oil prices also dipped and slipped back to three-month lows after data showed US crude inventories rising faster than expected. Gold prices rose to a three-week high and the dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was at 99.78, near the six-week low of 99.64 reached on Tuesday. Sears Holdings slumped 11 percent to $8.18 after the retailer warned on Tuesday about its ability to continue as a going concern after years of losses and declining sales. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,598 to 976. On the Nasdaq, 1,268 issues fell and 984 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed seven new 52-week highs and five new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded seven new highs and 30 new lows. <Center><b><i>Copyright Reuters, 2017</b></i><br></center>   Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Pakistan's trade with Myanmar remained small: Khurram Dastgir Next Portugese PM leads calls for Dijsselbloem to quit over ‘xenophobic’ remarks Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Rupee hits 1-1/2 yr high S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike USA-STOCKS:S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by NikeReuters | Mar 22, 2017, 07.50 PM IST By Tanya Agrawal REUTERS - The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq were little changed on Wednesday as investors increasingly worried whether President Donald Trump will be able to push ahead with his pro-growth policies. The Dow was lower in morning trading, dragged down by a 6.2 percent fall in Nike after the world's largest footwear maker's quarterly revenue missed estimates amid intensifying competition in North America. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Republican leaders aim to move the controversial legislation to the House floor for debate as early as Thursday, amid concerns over support from party lawmakers. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer-than-expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. The concerns triggered the biggest one-day fall since the November election on Wall Street on Tuesday. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." U.S. 10-year Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. The S&P 500 has run up about 10 percent since the election in November, spurred mainly by Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure spending, but valuations have emerged as a concern. The benchmark index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data. At 9:38 a.m. ET (1338 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 23.89 points, or 0.12 percent, at 20,644.12, the S&P 500 was down 0.11 points, or 0.00 percent, at 2,343.91. The Nasdaq Composite was up 9.55 points, or 0.16 percent, at 5,803.37. Five of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.32 percent fall leading the decliners. The sector, the top performer since the November election, suffered its worst daily drop since June on Tuesday. Bank of America, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo fell about 1 percent. Oil prices also dipped and slipped back to three-month lows after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected. [O/R] Gold prices rose to a three-week high and the dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was at 99.78, near the six-week low of 99.64 reached on Tuesday. Sears Holdings slumped 11 percent to $8.18 after the retailer warned on Tuesday about its ability to continue as a going concern after years of losses and declining sales. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,598 to 976. On the Nasdaq, 1,268 issues fell and 984 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed seven new 52-week highs and five new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded seven new highs and 30 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Lonny You Won't Be Able To Look Away From These Heartwarming Bab.. Dogsome.net Do You Come From Royal Blood? Your Last Name May Tell You. Ancestry More from The Times of India Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter!Milaap This Single Father needs help to fight cancerMILAAP India arrests 70 workers in U.S. call-center scamReuters TV Download Now: How To Prevent Breaches From OccurringEarthlink Top VOIP Deals You Shouldn't Pass Up.VOIP Offers The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Best day to campaign with wife is Valentine’s Day’ ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Help 7-year-old Sanpreet fight blood cancer! Ad: MILAAP 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Hindustan Zinc announces special interim dividend of Rs 27.50/share Hindustan Zinc today announced a one-time interim dividend of Rs 13,985 crore for the financial year 2016-17. Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. From around the Web Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Milaap Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP Loyal Puppy Breeds You'll Absolutely Adore! Frank151 Incredibly Cheap Financial Advisor Deals. Don't Miss Out. Financial Advisor Offers More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreWells FargoWall StreetTSXTrumpTransCanada Corp Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners C$ weaker as oil prices weigh S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike Fighting for sex assault victims, Jamaican activist accused of crossing legal line Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app 1S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike 2C$ weaker as oil prices weigh 3S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike 4Fighting for sex assault victims, Jamaican activist accused of crossing legal line 5Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath Samsung Pay CM Adityanath UP Cabinet Ministers Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Sensex Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike US STOCKS-S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike Source : Last Updated: Wed, Mar 22, 2017 19:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Gold rises to three-week high; dollar falls * Oil prices slip to three-month low * Sears lower after warning of 'going concern' doubts * Nike falls after quarterly revenue misses expectations * Dow down 0.12 pct, S&P flat, Nasdaq up 0.16 pct (Updates to open) By Tanya Agrawal March 22 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq were little changed on Wednesday as investors increasingly worried whether President Donald Trump will be able to push ahead with his pro-growth policies. The Dow was lower in morning trading, dragged down by a 6.2 percent fall in Nike after the world's largest footwear maker's quarterly revenue missed estimates amid intensifying competition in North America. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Republican leaders aim to move the controversial legislation to the House floor for debate as early as Thursday, amid concerns over support from party lawmakers. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer-than-expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. The concerns triggered the biggest one-day fall since the November election on Wall Street on Tuesday. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." U.S. 10-year Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. The S&P 500 has run up about 10 percent since the election in November, spurred mainly by Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure spending, but valuations have emerged as a concern. The benchmark index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data. At 9:38 a.m. ET (1338 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 23.89 points, or 0.12 percent, at 20,644.12, the S&P 500 was down 0.11 points, or 0.00 percent, at 2,343.91. The Nasdaq Composite was up 9.55 points, or 0.16 percent, at 5,803.37. Five of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.32 percent fall leading the decliners. The sector, the top performer since the November election, suffered its worst daily drop since June on Tuesday. Bank of America, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo fell about 1 percent. Oil prices also dipped and slipped back to three-month lows after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected. Gold prices rose to a three-week high and the dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was at 99.78, near the six-week low of 99.64 reached on Tuesday. Sears Holdings slumped 11 percent to $8.18 after the retailer warned on Tuesday about its ability to continue as a going concern after years of losses and declining sales. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,598 to 976. On the Nasdaq, 1,268 issues fell and 984 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed seven new 52-week highs and five new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded seven new highs and 30 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27450.00 (0.15%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27990.00 (1.38%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27800.00 (1.28%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 27930.00 (1.38%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27000.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26950.00 (0.94%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27450.00 (0.26%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 40953.00 (-5.42%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 40953.00 (-5.42%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 40953.00 (-5.42%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 40953.00 (-5.42%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 40953.00 (-5.42%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Rupee hits 1-1/2 yr high S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike USA-STOCKS/ (UPDATE 2):US STOCKS-S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by NikeReuters | Mar 22, 2017, 07.35 PM IST * Gold rises to three-week high; dollar falls * Oil prices slip to three-month low * Sears lower after warning of 'going concern' doubts * Nike falls after quarterly revenue misses expectations * Dow down 0.12 pct, S&P flat, Nasdaq up 0.16 pct (Updates to open) By Tanya Agrawal March 22 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq were little changed on Wednesday as investors increasingly worried whether President Donald Trump will be able to push ahead with his pro-growth policies. The Dow was lower in morning trading, dragged down by a 6.2 percent fall in Nike after the world's largest footwear maker's quarterly revenue missed estimates amid intensifying competition in North America. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Republican leaders aim to move the controversial legislation to the House floor for debate as early as Thursday, amid concerns over support from party lawmakers. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer-than-expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. The concerns triggered the biggest one-day fall since the November election on Wall Street on Tuesday. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." U.S. 10-year Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. The S&P 500 has run up about 10 percent since the election in November, spurred mainly by Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure spending, but valuations have emerged as a concern. The benchmark index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data. At 9:38 a.m. ET (1338 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 23.89 points, or 0.12 percent, at 20,644.12, the S&P 500 was down 0.11 points, or 0.00 percent, at 2,343.91. The Nasdaq Composite was up 9.55 points, or 0.16 percent, at 5,803.37. Five of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.32 percent fall leading the decliners. The sector, the top performer since the November election, suffered its worst daily drop since June on Tuesday. Bank of America, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo fell about 1 percent. Oil prices also dipped and slipped back to three-month lows after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected. Gold prices rose to a three-week high and the dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was at 99.78, near the six-week low of 99.64 reached on Tuesday. Sears Holdings slumped 11 percent to $8.18 after the retailer warned on Tuesday about its ability to continue as a going concern after years of losses and declining sales. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,598 to 976. On the Nasdaq, 1,268 issues fell and 984 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed seven new 52-week highs and five new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded seven new highs and 30 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Adith Is fighting something Worse Than Cancer MILAAP water damage restoration: get your quote! getserviceinfo.com Ads Psoriasis: What Triggers Symptoms and How Are They Treated.. WebMD More from The Times of India Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India This Single Father needs help to fight cancerMILAAP Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live!Milaap Time For A Better Mattress? Find Offers Here.Mattress Offers This game will keep you up all night!Vikings: Free Online Game Family Takes Same Photo For 22 Years - Last One Is A Tearj..The Brofessional The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Best day to campaign with wife is Valentine’s Day’ ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Top VOIP Deals You Shouldn't Pass Up. Ad: VOIP Offers Exclusive US NRI payment plan. Pay 20% now and 80% on Poss Ad: Kanakia Group Hindustan Zinc announces special interim dividend of Rs 27.50/share Hindustan Zinc today announced a one-time interim dividend of Rs 13,985 crore for the financial year 2016-17. Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. From around the Web Help 7-year-old Sanpreet fight blood cancer! MILAAP Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP Incredibly Cheap Financial Advisor Deals. Don't Miss Out. Financial Advisor Offers The 6 Best Destinations For Solo Travel Intrepid Travel More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreWorld BankWells FargoWall Streetunicef jamaicaUN Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app U.S. existing home sales fall from 10-year high U.S. SEC to shorten settlement cycle for securities trades DJI: May play on a swing set 1S&P, Nasdaq little changed; Dow dragged down by Nike 2Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app 3U.S. existing home sales fall from 10-year high 4U.S. SEC to shorten settlement cycle for securities trades 5DJI: May play on a swing set Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath Samsung Pay CM Adityanath UP Cabinet Ministers Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Sensex Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Duke Realty Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Duke Realty Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Hold Rating for Duke Realty Corp (DRE) Posted by William Strong on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Duke Realty Corp (NYSE:DRE)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a research note issued to investors on Monday. They currently have a $28.00 price objective on the real estate investment trust’s stock. BMO Capital Markets’ target price would indicate a potential upside of 9.16% from the company’s current price. DRE has been the topic of a number of other reports. Royal Bank of Canada lowered their price objective on Duke Realty Corp from $30.00 to $28.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Robert W. Baird upgraded Duke Realty Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $30.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Barclays PLC lowered their price objective on Duke Realty Corp from $26.00 to $25.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Mizuho upgraded Duke Realty Corp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $27.00 to $28.00 in a research report on Monday, February 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Duke Realty Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $28.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Duke Realty Corp currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $28.36. Duke Realty Corp (NYSE:DRE) opened at 25.65 on Monday. Duke Realty Corp has a 12-month low of $21.11 and a 12-month high of $28.99. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $25.30 and its 200-day moving average price is $25.84. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.12 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.05 and a beta of 0.93. Duke Realty Corp (NYSE:DRE) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.31 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.07 by $0.24. The business had revenue of $204.26 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $205.04 million. Duke Realty Corp had a return on equity of 9.27% and a net margin of 34.60%. Duke Realty Corp’s quarterly revenue was up 2.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.29 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Duke Realty Corp will post $0.29 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, February 28th. Investors of record on Thursday, February 16th were paid a $0.19 dividend. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.96%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, February 14th. Duke Realty Corp’s dividend payout ratio is 86.36%. Your IP Address: In related news, Director Charles R. Eitel sold 5,246 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.52, for a total value of $133,877.92. Following the sale, the director now owns 4,949 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $126,298.48. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. 0.40% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in DRE. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Duke Realty Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $81,956,000. Standard Life Investments LTD raised its position in Duke Realty Corp by 468.9% in the third quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD now owns 3,505,367 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $95,819,000 after buying an additional 2,889,154 shares in the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its position in Duke Realty Corp by 23.8% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 14,702,394 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $401,816,000 after buying an additional 2,828,373 shares in the last quarter. Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC raised its position in Duke Realty Corp by 5,939.6% in the fourth quarter. Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC now owns 1,425,714 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $37,867,000 after buying an additional 1,402,108 shares in the last quarter. Finally, FMR LLC raised its position in Duke Realty Corp by 2.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 41,405,674 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,099,735,000 after buying an additional 1,177,586 shares in the last quarter. 93.13% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Duke Realty Corp Duke Realty Corporation is a self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company and Duke Realty Limited Partnership collectively specialize in the ownership, management and development of bulk distribution (industrial) and medical office real estate. It operates through three segments, the first two of which consist of the ownership and rental of industrial and medical office real estate investments. Receive News & Ratings for Duke Realty Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Duke Realty Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) Given a $15.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Next » DSW’s (DSW) “Reduce” Rating Reiterated at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 March 2017 by Military News Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Class A Common Stock Proceeds to be Used to Purchase Interests from Equity Sponsors. SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., March 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Taylor Morrison Home Corporation ("Taylor Morrison") (NYSE:TMHC), today announced the pricing of the previously announced underwritten public offering of 10,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock.  Taylor Morrison intends to use all of the net proceeds that it receives from the offering to purchase partnership units in its direct subsidiary - TMM Holdings II Limited Partnership - along with shares of Taylor Morrison's Class B common stock, held by its current equity sponsors that are affiliates of and funds managed by TPG Global, LLC and Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.  The aggregate number of partnership units and corresponding shares of Class B common stock purchased by Taylor Morrison will be equal to the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the offering. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Citigroup and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the proposed public offering, and may offer the shares of Class A common stock purchased by them from Taylor Morrison from time to time in one or more transactions on the NYSE, in the over-the-counter market or through negotiated transactions at market prices or negotiated prices.  An effective shelf registration statement relating to such shares of Class A common stock has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). A copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and may be obtained from the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov, or from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Prospectus Department, at One Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010, telephone: 800-221-1037; Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 800-831-9146; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 866-803-9204. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering may only be made by means of a prospectus supplement and related prospectus. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on those statements because they are subject to numerous uncertainties and factors relating to the public offering described above, Taylor Morrison's operations and business environment, market conditions and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Taylor Morrison's control. About Taylor Morrison Home Corporation: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (NYSE:TMHC) is a leading national homebuilder and developer that has been recognized as the 2016 and 2017 America's Most Trusted® Home Builder by Lifestory Research. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona we operate under two well-established brands, Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes. We serve a wide array of consumer groups from coast to coast, including first-time, move-up, luxury, and 55 plus buyers. In Texas, Darling Homes builds communities with a focus on individuality and custom detail while delivering on the Taylor Morrison standard of excellence. Contact: Investor Relations Contact: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (480) 734-2060 investor@taylormorrison.com   SOURCE Taylor Morrison CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Books, Business, commission, Environment, Home and Garden, Markets, Offerings, Real Estate, Residential Real Estate Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Enterprise Indoor LBS Market 2020: Trends, Top Key Manufacturers (Apple, Google, HERE), Market Risk, Demands and Growth Analysis Next PostNext Power Conditioning Services Market To Increase at Steady Growth Rate Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Thursday, March 23, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President House G.O.P. Searches for Votes to Repeal Obamacare By THOMAS KAPLAN and ROBERT PEAR 7:15 AM ET Hardline conservatives will meet Thursday morning with President Trump to hammer out changes to the House bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act. They are pressing to eliminate federal requirements that health insurance plans provide basic benefits like maternity care, emergency services and wellness visits. Late G.O.P. Proposal Could Mean Covering Aromatherapy but Not Chemotherapy Health Bill Teeters as Fence-Sitters Face Pressure From Party How House Republicans Are Planning to Vote In Greeting to Iran, Trump Leaves Out Their Government By MARK LANDLER 5:00 AM ET The White House sent out a greeting to the Iranian people for Nowruz, the Persian New Year. Hard-liners stripped it of references to engaging with the country’s government.  Comments Gorsuch Completes a 20-Hour Test. So How Did He Do? By MATT FLEGENHEIMER, ADAM LIPTAK, CHARLIE SAVAGE and CARL HULSE 5:00 AM ET Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the Supreme Court nominee, went through three days of hearings that left the Senate Judiciary Committee where it began. live Watch: Day 4 of Gorsuch Hearings Democrats Fail to Move Gorsuch Beyond Generalities Highlights From Day 3 Breaking News Suspect in Threats to U.S. Jewish Centers Is Arrested in Israel By ADAM GOLDMAN and ALAN BLINDER 9:29 AM ET The authorities said the suspect, a citizen of the U.S. and Israel, masked the origin of his communications to American synagogues. The Daily 360 2:15 What a Child Actually Sees On Vacation David Maurice Smith for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. More News Death on a Prison Bus as Safety Improvements Lag In Liability Case for Police Shootings, Court Shows Divide U.S. Beats Puerto Rico for First World Baseball Title New Vaccine Could Slow Disease That Kills 600 Children a Day The driver crashed the vehicle and was later killed by police. BIG BEN Direction of vehicle The bridge leads to buildings where members of Parliament were gathered. Many were wounded, and at least two were killed. A driver mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in London. Direction of vehicle Composite image by The New York Times based on aerial footage by CNN ‘We Are Not Afraid,’ British Leader Says By DAN BILEFSKY, STEPHEN CASTLE and PRASHANT S. RAO 7:23 AM ET Prime Minister Theresa May described the assailant in Wednesday’s attack in London as British-born. Eight people had been arrested and ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack. Terror Attack Strikes Heart of London By KATRIN BENNHOLD and STEPHEN CASTLE After ramming his vehicle into dozens of pedestrians, the suspect ran toward Parliament, where he fatally stabbed a police officer.  Comments What We Know and What We Don’t Know 4:43 AM ET Tributes Pour In for Constable Stabbed to Death 9:10 AM ET Donald Trump Jr. Criticizes London Mayor After Attack Your Thursday Briefing By CHRIS STANFORD 8:59 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. New York Today: Spring Cleaning 5:55 AM California Today: Measuring the Snowpack From the Sky By MIKE McPHATE 8:49 AM ET A new way to measure the Sierra snow, the governor’s impassioned speech on health care, and readers on a controversial I.C.E. practice. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Republicans control the government. So why, as they head to a vote on the Republican health care plan, is the bill so disliked — and the party so divided? Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix When Decorating Styles Clash By MICHELLE HIGGINS For couples or roommates with different tastes, finding a happy compromise can be challenging. But it’s not impossible.  Comments Contributing Op-Ed Writer Depressed by Politics? Just Let Go By ARTHUR C. BROOKS Stop obsessively checking the latest news on Twitter, CNN and Facebook and you’ll be happier.  Comments Taliban Take a District That Many Marines Died to Keep By TAIMOOR SHAH and ROD NORDLAND 9:12 AM ET The yearslong offensive in Sangin, a district in southern Afghanistan, took the lives of more combatants than any other fight for territory in the country. From the California Sky, Measuring All That Snow By MIKE McPHATE, DEREK WATKINS and JIM WILSON Using NASA data, we compared this year's snowpack in the Sierra Nevada with that of 2015, when the state was in the grip of drought. AT&T and Johnson & Johnson Pull Ads From YouTube By SAPNA MAHESHWARI and DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI Several companies said they planned the decision after their ads appeared alongside videos that promoted hate speech. Chris Paul’s Fast Hands and Gruesome Fingers By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Clippers’ ball-hawking guard has paid a price — multiple injuries to his fingers — for collecting more steals than any other active N.B.A. player. A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory By JENNIFER SCHUESSLER Kory Stamper reveals the secret life of dictionaries in her book “Word by Word,” and in a visit to headquarters (oddities in the basement included).  Comments John Mayer Knows He Messed Up. He Wants a Chance. By JOE COSCARELLI 5:00 AM ET After more than five years of self-imposed pop exile, this guitar virtuoso wants another blockbuster album. Then he hopes to settle down. State Senator Is Charged With Election Law Violation By JESSE McKINLEY 8:05 AM ET Though Robert G. Ortt, a Republican New York senator, denies wrongdoing, the indictment adds to a list of public officials who have faced charges of corruption. The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Best of Late Night: Colbert on a Sex Scandal The “Late Show” host fretted that he was spending so much time on President Trump, he didn’t have time for the most obvious material. 36 Hours in San Antonio Known for its 15-mile riverside promenade, which opened in 1941, the city offers a version of Texas that mixes traditional with innovative. ‘Love Actually’ Children, Grown Up and Reunited Thomas Brodie-Sangster, now more familiar from “Game of Thrones,” and Olivia Olson are taking part in a short film based on the original romantic comedy. The Opinion Pages Editorial President Trump’s Reckless Shame Game Forcing local authorities to help round up unauthorized immigrants is wrong on both practical and constitutional grounds.  Comments Editorial: Predator Colleges May Thrive Again Blow: Birth of the Biggest Lie Kristof: ‘There’s a Smell of Treason in the Air’ A ‘Stand Your Ground’ Expansion That Expands Inequality How Martin Schulz Could Beat Angela Merkel 5:14 AM ET What a Le Pen Win Would Look Like By MATTHEW J. GOODWIN 4:10 AM ET The National Front leader is a serious contender for the French presidency. What Does It Take to Climb Up the Ladder? By THOMAS B. EDSALL Cognitive skills are important, but so are strengths that fall under the heading of what is sometimes called character.  Comments Why Medicaid Work Requirements Won’t Work How the Depressed Find Solace on Yik Yak Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story ‘Highly Unusual’: The New Business as Usual? Times Insider » She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Baseball Japan’s Double Threat: A Tricky Path to the Majors Opinion Why Trump’s N.I.H. Cuts Should Worry Us Books Dissident Book Smuggled From North Korea Arts A Hong Kong Streetcar That Cuts Through Time Opinion Don’t Let the Anti-L.G.B.T. Bigots Win Travel Tulips, Windmills and Barnyard Animals Baseball Yankees’ 2nd Chance With Star Who Got Away Opinion ‘Cure’ Me? No, Thanks Art & Design Sculptor Robert Morris, at 86, Is Still Blazing Trails Opinion Op-Docs: How Does Life Live? Dance Ballerinas Step in New Dance Directions Hockey A Determined Champion for Women’s Hockey Sections World » ‘We Are Not Afraid,’ Theresa May Proclaims After U.K. Parliament Attack Among the Victims of the London Attack: Keith Palmer and Aysha Frade London Attack: What We Know and Don’t Know Business Day » AT&T and Johnson & Johnson Pull Ads From YouTube Where Halls of Ivy Meet Silicon Dreams, a New City Rises ‘Turkish Trump,’ a Hotel Plan and a Tangle of Foreign Ties Opinion » Op-Ed Contributors: Why Medicaid Work Requirements Won’t Work Editorial: President Trump’s Reckless Shame Game Frank Bruni: Tweeting Toward Oblivion U.S. » From the California Sky, Measuring All That Snow U.S. Jewish Center Bomb Threat Suspect Is Arrested in Israel Death on a Prison Bus: Extradition Companies’ Safety Improvements Lag Technology » China Bets on Sensitive U.S. Start-Ups, Worrying the Pentagon State of the Art: Trump Says Regulations Impede. Perhaps Not in the Electric Car Business. Airbnb’s Rivals in China Hold Hands in a Nervous New Market Arts » John Mayer Knows He Messed Up. He Wants Another Chance. A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory Art Review: Lygia Pape’s Brazil, From the Beach to the Barricades Politics » Nunes Puts Credibility of House Panel He Leads in Doubt House Republicans Search for Votes to Repeal Obamacare In Greeting to Iranian People, Trump Leaves Out Their Government Fashion & Style » This Artist Is Calvin Klein’s Latest Muse Now on Twitter: Chelsea Clinton, Unbound Critical Shopper: The Man Who Loathed Pajamas Movies » ‘Love Actually’ Youngsters, Grown Up and Reunited for a Short Sequel Review: ‘Wilson,’ With Woody Harrelson as a Misanthrope In a Surprise, the Overseas Movie Box Office Shows No Growth New York » New York Today: New York Today: Spring Cleaning Suspect in Manhattan Killing Hated Black Men, Police Say Records Leak in Eric Garner Case Renews Debate on Police Discipline Sports » United States 8, Puerto Rico 0: United States Beats Puerto Rico for First World Baseball Classic Title Chris Paul’s Fast Hands and Gruesome Fingers Sports of The Times: For Kansas Coach Bill Self, a Busy Year Keeping Players in Line Theater » Two Female Playwrights Arrive on Broadway. What Took So Long? Well, Hello, Dollys! His Idea for Fighting Terrorism? Funny Plays Science » Shaking Up the Dinosaur Family Tree A Scholarly Sting Operation Shines a Light on ‘Predatory’ Journals Matter: A New Form of Stem-Cell Engineering Raises Ethical Questions Obituaries » Dallas Green, Who Led the Phillies to Their First Title, Dies at 82 Skip Williamson, Underground Cartoonist, Dies at 72 George Weinberg Dies at 86; Coined ‘Homophobia’ After Seeing Fear of Gays Television » Review: From Ireland, a Rebounding Lawyer and a Crusading Journalist Selena Gomez (and Others) on Adapting ‘Thirteen Reasons Why’ for Netflix The Americans: ‘The Americans’ Season 5, Episode 3 Recap: More Than This Health » As Rivals Stand Silent, One Health Insurer Protests G.O.P. Plan New Vaccine Could Slow Disease That Kills 600 Children a Day Phys Ed: Should 15,000 Steps a Day Be Our New Exercise Target? Travel » What a Child Actually Sees On Vacation 36 Hours: 36 Hours in San Antonio Essay: Security Lines and Flight Delays? This Kid’s in Paradise Books » Books of The Times: ‘Cork Dork’ Sniffs, Swills and Spits Through the World of Wine Experts A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory Books of The Times: ‘The Death of Expertise’ Explores How Ignorance Became a Virtue Education » Supreme Court Rejects Education Minimum Applied by Gorsuch Where Halls of Ivy Meet Silicon Dreams, a New City Rises Mary Maples Dunn, Advocate of Women’s Colleges, Dies at 85 Food » The Death and Rebirth of the Duncan Grapefruit Her Memory Fading, Paula Wolfert Fights Back With Food Restaurant Review: Testing the Limits of Trust, and Sushi, at Sugarfish Sunday Review » On Campus: How Liberal Colleges Breed Conservative Firebrands Editorial: President Trump’s Wheezing Jobs Effort Frank Bruni: The Horror of Smug Liberals Real Estate » What You Get: $1 Million Homes in Maryland, Florida and Illinois Exclusive: Greta Garbo’s East Side Co-op Goes on the Market Living In: Lenox Hill: A Neighborhood of Amenities The Upshot » Public Health: Late G.O.P. Proposal Could Mean Plans That Cover Aromatherapy but Not Chemotherapy Which Republicans Will Vote No? What 8 News Organizations Are Reporting Public Health: Is the G.O.P. Better Off Politically if the Health Bill Doesn’t Pass? Magazine » The Voyages Issue: In the Land of Giants The Voyages Issue: Why Does Mount Rushmore Exist? The Voyages Issue: An Improbable 6,000-Mile Boat Trip Around the East Coast Automobiles » China’s Taxes on Imported Cars Feed Trade Tensions With U.S. Driven: Video Review: Not-So-Standard Equipment on the Otherwise Standard Corolla State of the Art: Trump Says Regulations Impede. Perhaps Not in the Electric Car Business. T Magazine » An All-Gray Apartment That’s Not Blah — But Not Hygge Either Oversize Pearls — in Unusual Shapes and Sizes Cross-Fit Fashion Times Insider » She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story The Swallowed Cigarette Butt and Other Legends of President Duterte What We’re Reading Real Estate » What You Get $1 Million Homes in Maryland, Florida and Illinois By VIVIAN MARINO An 1854 rowhouse in Baltimore; a Fort Lauderdale, Fla., home with a landscaped atrium; and a Victorian house in Chicago Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest BankThink Crisis in student loan servicing is building Wells Fargo tries to escape from scandal with ad campaign Why CommonBond's CEO says fintech charter could be a game changer Once-skittish investors warming up to Ginnie Mae servicing rights BankThink Obama fair-lending policy was no overreach search goes here BankThink Crisis in student loan servicing is building By Joe Cioffi Published March 22 2017, 9:30am EDT More in Student lending Servicing Enforcement Print Email Reprints Share Share on When the housing market crashed and the subprime mortgage bubble burst, servicing operations were on the front line to mitigate lender and investor losses. It was soon discovered, however, through government and private lawsuits, and investigations, that improper servicing practices may have actually contributed to the crisis. Fast forward to today and the allegations leveled by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and private litigants against the nation's largest student loan servicer, Navient Corp., tread similar ground. If the allegations are true, poor servicing practices may be a hidden problem permeating the $1.3 trillion in outstanding student loan debt held by more than 44 million borrowers, contributing to rising delinquency rates. The transgressions alleged in the past against subprime mortgage servicers — robo-signing of foreclosure documents, deceiving borrowers regarding foreclosure alternatives, improper denials of loan modifications to qualified borrowers, and false and inaccurate credit reporting — were widely reported as having devastating effects on consumers’ financial lives. Servicing practices that unnecessarily increase what a borrower owes can contribute to delinquencies. But other misconduct, such as inaccurate credit reporting, can have more insidious effects on a borrower’s financial health. Adobe Stock Mortgage servicing problems became widely known through government actions, particularly against the five largest servicers — Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Citigroup and Ally Financial — resulting in a $25 billion settlement. This was followed by a wave of litigation and investigations involving nonbank and smaller servicers, including Ocwen Financial, Flagstar Bank and Residential Credit Solutions. Although specific loss mitigation options for student loans and mortgages have inherent differences, the claims against Navient go to the core of servicing activities in general — regardless of asset — and echo the mortgage debacle. The CFPB and several state attorneys general have alleged that Navient’s practices steered struggling borrowers toward paying more than necessary on their loans, obscured information necessary for borrowers to maintain lower payments, misled borrowers regarding requirements to release co-signers and improperly processed payments. Just like in the subprime mortgage servicer actions, at issue is whether there has been a failure to advise borrowers of modification options, as well as improper practices related to modification programs. This time, there are potentially devastating effects on student loan borrowers and their families. Since the allegations against Navient came to light, multiple private actions, including class actions, have been filed against Navient and borrowers have come forward with their own stories of improper treatment. Borrowers have said they were placed in forbearance programs without any explanation of alternative repayment plans or the reporting requirements they had to comply with to avoid costly penalties. Said one single mother in Georgia, “I thought I owed $5,000, but when I looked at my credit report, it said I owed $10,000 with interest and penalties due to my forbearance.” Servicing practices that unnecessarily increase what a borrower owes can directly contribute to delinquencies, as was the case with the subprime mortgage crisis. But other misconduct, such as inaccurately reporting loan status and what a borrower owes to other creditors, can have more insidious effects on a borrower’s financial health. In the mortgage servicing area, the CFPB charged that servicers brought harm to consumers by failing to correct borrower information provided to credit reporting agencies in a timely manner, and leveled the same accusation about the response time to borrower notices on disputed information in credit reports. More recently, in the student loan area, the CFPB issued a warning to borrowers to watch out for inaccurate reporting of “enrollment status” information. In many instances, borrowers have been incorrectly reported as being in repayment period, resulting in interest accruing earlier than it should, while in other instances there has been a lag in reporting the repayment period has begun. This results in borrowers being already behind in payments when they graduate from school. This type of inaccurate reporting may be the tip of the iceberg. Other reporting issues, like reporting nonexistent defaults to credit agencies appears to be a problem for borrowers at all stages of repayment. It can sink businesses and personal plans, and the borrower may never see it coming. For example, a Virginia-based borrower said successive credit reports had inaccurately showed his loan intermittently in and out of default, eventually leading to denial of loans needed to support his business. “I told them [the servicer] about the errors and they would fix them one month and then reinstate them the next and finally my SBA lender gave up waiting for it to get straightened out. I lost my business when I couldn’t get that loan.” At this point, the total impact of student loan servicing issues is unclear. Unlike mortgage loan servicers, which were required to adjust their policies and procedures in response to the subprime mortgage era litigation, student loan servicers are just now going under the microscope. It may be too late for servicers to change practices to avoid trouble, but it’s never too late to take corrective measures to avoid adding to the already crushing and growing debt burden on student loan borrowers. Joe Cioffi Joe Cioffi is chair of the insolvency, creditors' rights and financial products practice group at the New York-based law firm Davis & Gilbert LLP. More from this Author A Whole Lot of Hurt in Auto Lending May Be Coming BankThink submission guidelines Want to contribute to BankThink, American Banker's platform for informed opinion about the ideas, trends and events reshaping financial services? View our detailed submission criteria and instructions. Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #UPPolls #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Gold touches three-week peak as investors ditch equities on Trump worries Greece eyes bailout deal with lenders within April Business Standard U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe Reuters  |  LONDON  March 22, 2017 Last Updated at 17:58 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUFifQ ALSO READ Europe gets creative to win banks after Brexit Sterling sinks to 3-year low on Brexit, European banks struggle again Planned global banking rules not balanced, need changes - EU's Dombrovskis Global Markets - European banks reassure on earnings, dollar holds near highs Russia's VTB plans to slim down in Europe, keep London as hub By Jamie McGeever LONDON (Reuters) - JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. JP Morgan's revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 percent to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by U.S. peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 percent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one - municipal finance - of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by U.S. banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany's Deutsche Bank. U.S. banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the U.S.-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. "European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don't see repeating," said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. "They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year." Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 TRUMPS H1 The world's big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 percent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump's U.S. presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. U.S. banks' total for the second half of last year jumped 37 percent to $24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays and HSBC, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan's revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the $14.3 billion from its U.S. operations up 10 percent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 percent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to $7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of $3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi's joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS. (Reporting by Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies; editing by Mark Heinrich) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Global | Banks | Ranking | Europe | Banking | London | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe LONDON (Reuters) - JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. By Jamie McGeever LONDON (Reuters) - JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. JP Morgan's revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 percent to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by U.S. peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 percent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one - municipal finance - of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by U.S. banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany's Deutsche Bank. U.S. banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the U.S.-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. "European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don't see repeating," said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. "They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year." Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 TRUMPS H1 The world's big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 percent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump's U.S. presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. U.S. banks' total for the second half of last year jumped 37 percent to $24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays and HSBC, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan's revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the $14.3 billion from its U.S. operations up 10 percent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 percent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to $7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of $3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi's joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS. (Reporting by Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies; editing by Mark Heinrich) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe By Jamie McGeever LONDON (Reuters) - JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. JP Morgan's revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 percent to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by U.S. peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 percent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one - municipal finance - of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by U.S. banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany's Deutsche Bank. U.S. banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the U.S.-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. "European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don't see repeating," said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. "They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year." Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 TRUMPS H1 The world's big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 percent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump's U.S. presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. U.S. banks' total for the second half of last year jumped 37 percent to $24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays and HSBC, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan's revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the $14.3 billion from its U.S. operations up 10 percent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 percent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to $7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of $3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi's joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS. (Reporting by Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies; editing by Mark Heinrich) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC’s (MRW) Neutral Rating Reiterated at BNP Paribas March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas reissued their neutral rating on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (LON:MRW) in a research report released on Friday. BNP Paribas currently has a GBX 235 ($2.90) price target on the grocer’s stock. MRW has been the topic of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.21) target price on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a report on Monday, March 6th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an underweight rating and issued a GBX 205 ($2.53) price target on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.47) price target on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.09) price target on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Sell and an average target price of GBX 196.81 ($2.43). Shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (LON:MRW) opened at 234.20 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 242.44 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 227.68. WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 168.50 and a 12-month high of GBX 250.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 5.44 billion. Your IP Address: The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be paid a dividend of GBX 3.85 ($0.05) per share. This is a boost from WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC’s previous dividend of $1.58. This represents a dividend yield of 1.67%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. In related news, insider Neil Davidson acquired 12,800 shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 235 ($2.90) per share, with a total value of £30,080 ($37,149.56). Also, insider Paula Vennells acquired 12,745 shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 234 ($2.89) per share, for a total transaction of £29,823.30 ($36,832.53). About WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC Wm Morrison Supermarkets PLC is engaged in the operation of retail supermarket stores under the Morrisons brand and associated activities. The Company offers products, such as Free From, World Foods, Food To Go and Nutmeg clothing. It has food manufacturing capabilities in meat, fish, bakery, fruit and veg, deli and flowers. Receive News & Ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Delphix March 22, 2017 09:00 ET Delphix Reports Strong Growth in 2016, Fast Becoming the Data Platform for Transformation with the World's Biggest Brands Over one-third of Fortune 100 companies rely on Delphix as the data platform of choice to accelerate time to market initiatives involving application development, cloud migration and data governance REDWOOD CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Mar 22, 2017) - Delphix, the world's leading dynamic data platform, reported strong results for its fiscal year 2017 with roughly $80 million in annual recurring revenue, securing a customer portfolio across top global brands. Delphix is fundamentally changing the dynamics of how companies manage and consume data as they survive -- and thrive -- in the digital economy.  The significant uptake of companies using Delphix -- and most notably the outstanding customer retention rate over 90% -- represents a shift in how companies are looking to drive even faster time to market. In fact, Delphix saw a 40% boost year-over-year in customer deals over $1M and over 80% growth in the $500k range, demonstrating the ability for the platform to scale to work with some of the world's largest and most complex data sets. When deployed, Delphix customers experience 100x faster application release times, 2x faster migration to the cloud and near-immediate ROI. JP Morgan Chase, DirecTV, Fannie Mae, HP Enterprise and hundreds of industry disruptors look to Delphix to solve difficult data challenges that span multiple owners with increasingly growing numbers of demands and volume.  Beyond agile development and cloud, enterprises are shifting to new approaches for additional efficiencies and faster time to market. Data is becoming the next wave in transformation and Delphix is seeing unprecedented demands for a dynamic data platform to address time-to-market challenges.  The World's Most Important Companies Trust Delphix Over a third of the Fortune 100 now use Delphix, including: 3 of the Top 5 Banks 3 out of 5 Top Telcos 3 out of 5 Top Financial Services Institutions 4 out of 5 Top Health Insurers 4 out of 10 Top Retailers 5 out of 10 Top Tech Companies To support this growth and demand, Delphix has announced the addition of long-time enterprise software veterans Michelle Kerr (Chief Marketing Officer) and Tony Orlando (SVP of WW Sales); each of whom specialize in helping companies build and scale long-lasting brands. Having recently joined from Pivotal, Kerr spent nearly 20 years at Oracle, in addition to a host of start-ups. Orlando brings nearly three decades of leadership to Delphix, having worked for CA, NetApp and others during the growth stages of their lifecycle. They join CEO Chris Cook and Head of Engineering Marc Aronson each of whom joined in 2016 to round out the executive team. "Delphix is a game-changer. We are already benefiting from the reduced workload on operations from self-service end-users. We are leveraging automation with Delphix to further drive down operational overheads and are starting to see even greater savings with more to come," said IT Director at a Global 500 Bank.  "This was a pivotal year for the company, as we saw a surge of growth across the entire business from companies that view Delphix as a fundamental part of their digital transformation," said Chris Cook, CEO of Delphix. "Looking forward, we will continue to expand our presence deeper into these markets to help more organizations free themselves from the weight of their data, accelerate this transformation and create their own next important breakthrough." "I've deployed Delphix across multiple companies with various database and application architectures, with successful results," said Ralph Loura, current CTO of Rodan + Fields. Loura previously held the CIO position of the Enterprise Group at HP and at Clorox. "In each deployment, we have experienced successful outcomes such as faster time to market, increased productivity and reduced risk. That Delphix is so widely applicable across major systems makes it a uniquely enterprise-ready solution." "As a founding investor at Delphix, we have watched the company grow from concept to a trusted enterprise brand that is deployed at many of the world's largest companies," said Asheem Chandna of Greylock Partners. "It's an exciting time at Delphix with recent executive team additions and business wins. We look forward to continued growth and scale in the journey ahead." Connect with Delphix Read our blog: http://blog.delphix.com/ Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/delphix Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DelphixCorp About Delphix Delphix delivers a dynamic data platform that gives people and teams the power to let data move at the speed of their business. Over 300+ companies and one-third of the Fortune 100 depend on Delphix each day, in fact we work with three of the top five U.S. banks, eight out of top 10 insurance companies and three of the top five retailers. These modern innovators know the Delphix platform to be the secret sauce to achieving 100x performance boosts and increases in total business acceleration. They have seen dramatically reduced software release times, faster responses to regulatory and compliance changes and the ability to quickly and efficiently move applications to the cloud. With offices around the world, Delphix is comprised of a team of enterprise software veterans and some of the brightest minds in tech, each of whom believe in the power of data to help accelerate the pace of discovery and better the way we live. Find us online at www.delphix.com. Delphix is a trademark of Delphix Corp. in the United States and other jurisdictions. All other marks and names may be trademarks of their respective organizations. Contact Information Media Contacts Alex Plant +1 (415) 786-3451 alex.plant@delphix.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Delphix From this industry Computers and Software Financial Services From this sub-industry Hardware Internet Networking Peripherals Software Big Data Security Investment Services and Trading Venture Capital Investment Opinion See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Delphix March 22, 2017 09:00 ET Delphix Reports Strong Growth in 2016, Fast Becoming the Data Platform for Transformation with the World's Biggest Brands Over one-third of Fortune 100 companies rely on Delphix as the data platform of choice to accelerate time to market initiatives involving application development, cloud migration and data governance REDWOOD CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Mar 22, 2017) - Delphix, the world's leading dynamic data platform, reported strong results for its fiscal year 2017 with roughly $80 million in annual recurring revenue, securing a customer portfolio across top global brands. Delphix is fundamentally changing the dynamics of how companies manage and consume data as they survive -- and thrive -- in the digital economy.  The significant uptake of companies using Delphix -- and most notably the outstanding customer retention rate over 90% -- represents a shift in how companies are looking to drive even faster time to market. In fact, Delphix saw a 40% boost year-over-year in customer deals over $1M and over 80% growth in the $500k range, demonstrating the ability for the platform to scale to work with some of the world's largest and most complex data sets. When deployed, Delphix customers experience 100x faster application release times, 2x faster migration to the cloud and near-immediate ROI. JP Morgan Chase, DirecTV, Fannie Mae, HP Enterprise and hundreds of industry disruptors look to Delphix to solve difficult data challenges that span multiple owners with increasingly growing numbers of demands and volume.  Beyond agile development and cloud, enterprises are shifting to new approaches for additional efficiencies and faster time to market. Data is becoming the next wave in transformation and Delphix is seeing unprecedented demands for a dynamic data platform to address time-to-market challenges.  The World's Most Important Companies Trust Delphix Over a third of the Fortune 100 now use Delphix, including: 3 of the Top 5 Banks 3 out of 5 Top Telcos 3 out of 5 Top Financial Services Institutions 4 out of 5 Top Health Insurers 4 out of 10 Top Retailers 5 out of 10 Top Tech Companies To support this growth and demand, Delphix has announced the addition of long-time enterprise software veterans Michelle Kerr (Chief Marketing Officer) and Tony Orlando (SVP of WW Sales); each of whom specialize in helping companies build and scale long-lasting brands. Having recently joined from Pivotal, Kerr spent nearly 20 years at Oracle, in addition to a host of start-ups. Orlando brings nearly three decades of leadership to Delphix, having worked for CA, NetApp and others during the growth stages of their lifecycle. They join CEO Chris Cook and Head of Engineering Marc Aronson each of whom joined in 2016 to round out the executive team. "Delphix is a game-changer. We are already benefiting from the reduced workload on operations from self-service end-users. We are leveraging automation with Delphix to further drive down operational overheads and are starting to see even greater savings with more to come," said IT Director at a Global 500 Bank.  "This was a pivotal year for the company, as we saw a surge of growth across the entire business from companies that view Delphix as a fundamental part of their digital transformation," said Chris Cook, CEO of Delphix. "Looking forward, we will continue to expand our presence deeper into these markets to help more organizations free themselves from the weight of their data, accelerate this transformation and create their own next important breakthrough." "I've deployed Delphix across multiple companies with various database and application architectures, with successful results," said Ralph Loura, current CTO of Rodan + Fields. Loura previously held the CIO position of the Enterprise Group at HP and at Clorox. "In each deployment, we have experienced successful outcomes such as faster time to market, increased productivity and reduced risk. That Delphix is so widely applicable across major systems makes it a uniquely enterprise-ready solution." "As a founding investor at Delphix, we have watched the company grow from concept to a trusted enterprise brand that is deployed at many of the world's largest companies," said Asheem Chandna of Greylock Partners. "It's an exciting time at Delphix with recent executive team additions and business wins. We look forward to continued growth and scale in the journey ahead." Connect with Delphix Read our blog: http://blog.delphix.com/ Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/delphix Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DelphixCorp About Delphix Delphix delivers a dynamic data platform that gives people and teams the power to let data move at the speed of their business. Over 300+ companies and one-third of the Fortune 100 depend on Delphix each day, in fact we work with three of the top five U.S. banks, eight out of top 10 insurance companies and three of the top five retailers. These modern innovators know the Delphix platform to be the secret sauce to achieving 100x performance boosts and increases in total business acceleration. They have seen dramatically reduced software release times, faster responses to regulatory and compliance changes and the ability to quickly and efficiently move applications to the cloud. With offices around the world, Delphix is comprised of a team of enterprise software veterans and some of the brightest minds in tech, each of whom believe in the power of data to help accelerate the pace of discovery and better the way we live. Find us online at www.delphix.com. Delphix is a trademark of Delphix Corp. in the United States and other jurisdictions. All other marks and names may be trademarks of their respective organizations. Contact Information Media Contacts Alex Plant +1 (415) 786-3451 alex.plant@delphix.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Delphix From this industry Computers and Software Financial Services From this sub-industry Hardware Internet Networking Peripherals Software Big Data Security Investment Services and Trading Venture Capital Investment Opinion See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mack Cali Realty Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mack Cali Realty Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cormark Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Jamba, Inc. to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.17 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (JMBA) Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 24th Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Given Average Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Set $7.50 Target Price for PC Tel Inc (PCTI) Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Myokardia Inc (MYOK) Insider Sells 667 Shares of Stock Andrew Koven Sells 7,025 Shares of Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) Stock Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) CEO Sells $112,365.00 in Stock Harry Fleming Purchases 25,000 Shares of Nobilis Health Corp (NHC) Stock Gerald K. Carlson Sells 12,000 Shares of Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Stock Insider Buying: PJT Partners Inc (PJT) Chairman Buys 16,500 Shares of Stock Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Major Shareholder Credit Opportunit Bluemountain Sells 115,438 Shares Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class A (OSG) Major Shareholder Bluemountain Capital Managemen Sells 65,253 Shares Cintas Co. (CTAS) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Deutsche Bank AG Increases Mack Cali Realty Corp (CLI) Price Target to $28.00 March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Mack Cali Realty Corp (NYSE:CLI) had its price target lifted by Deutsche Bank AG from $27.00 to $28.00 in a research note issued to investors on Monday. The brokerage presently has a “hold” rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Deutsche Bank AG’s target price suggests a potential upside of 3.59% from the company’s current price. CLI has been the topic of a number of other reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Mack Cali Realty Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Mack Cali Realty Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $31.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and set a $27.00 price target (down from $28.00) on shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc downgraded Mack Cali Realty Corp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $32.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Friday, December 9th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $29.83. Shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp (NYSE:CLI) opened at 27.03 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $28.05 and its 200 day moving average price is $27.48. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.42 billion, a PE ratio of 20.74 and a beta of 1.09. Mack Cali Realty Corp has a 12-month low of $21.85 and a 12-month high of $29.70. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 13th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, April 5th will be issued a dividend of $0.15 per share. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.22%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, April 3rd. Mack Cali Realty Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 76.92%. Your IP Address: In other Mack Cali Realty Corp news, Director Alan G. Philibosian sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $27.22, for a total transaction of $408,300.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Insiders own 6.73% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp by 9.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 46,731 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,272,000 after buying an additional 3,870 shares in the last quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp by 3.6% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 349,005 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $9,500,000 after buying an additional 12,050 shares in the last quarter. Westpac Banking Corp bought a new stake in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp during the third quarter worth approximately $5,675,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp by 6.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,221,263 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $142,123,000 after buying an additional 320,643 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Equity Investment Corp Acquisition Inc bought a new stake in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $33,584,000. About Mack Cali Realty Corp Mack-Cali Realty Corporation is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns and operates a real estate portfolio of Class A office and office/flex properties located primarily in the Northeast. The Company’s segments include commercial and other real estate, multi-family real estate, multi-family services, and corporate & other. Receive News & Ratings for Mack Cali Realty Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mack Cali Realty Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower as 'Trump trade' fizzles By Reuters Published: 09:08 EDT, 22 March 2017 | Updated: 09:08 EDT, 22 March 2017 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal March 22 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open slightly lower on Wednesday, a day after Wall Street posted its biggest one-day fall since the November election, as investors fret about potential delays to President Donald Trump's pro-growth policies. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Republican leaders aim to move the controversial legislation to the House floor for debate as early as Thursday, amid concerns over support from party lawmakers. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer-than-expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." U.S. 10-year Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. The S&amp;P 500 has run up about 10 percent since the election in November, spurred mainly by Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure spending, but valuations have emerged as a concern. The benchmark index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data. The last time the S&amp;P 500 lost 1 percent or more in a day was on October 11. "Given the full valuation and the long time that's passed since we've had a one percent down day, let alone a correction, a forward correction is a real possibility," said Amoroso. Dow e-minis were down 32 points, or 0.16 percent, with 45,088 contracts changing hands at 8:25 a.m. ET (1225 GMT). S&amp;P 500 e-minis were down 0.75 points, or 0.03 percent, with 243,649 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 2.25 points, or 0.04 percent, on volume of 45,312 contracts. Oil prices also dipped and slipped back to three-month lows after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected. Gold prices rose to a three-week high and the dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was at 99.87, near the six-week low of 99.64 reached on Tuesday. Shares of financials, which suffered their worst daily drop since June, were lower in premarket trading. Bank of America , Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo were all down. The financial sector has been the best performing of the 11 major S&amp;P sectors since Trump's election, up 18 percent. Sears Holdings slumped 14.8 percent to $7.75 after the retailer warned on Tuesday about its ability to continue as a going concern after years of losses and declining sales. Dow-component Nike was down 5.3 percent at $54.91, a day after the world's largest footwear maker's quarterly revenue missed expectations. FedEx rose 2.9 percent to $197.87 after the package delivery company posted an optimistic outlook for margins in the near-term. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Wall St set to open lower as 'Trump trade' fizzles Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Rupee hits 1-1/2 yr high Wall St set to open lower as 'Trump trade' fizzles USA-STOCKS/ (UPDATE 1):US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower as 'Trump trade' fizzlesReuters | Mar 22, 2017, 06.40 PM IST * Gold rises to three-week high; dollar falls * Oil prices slip to three-month low * Sears lower after warning of 'going concern' doubts * Nike falls after quarterly revenue misses expectations * Futures down: Dow 32 pts, S&P 0.75 pts, Nasdaq 2.25 pts (Adds details, comment, updates prices) By Tanya Agrawal March 22 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked set to open slightly lower on Wednesday, a day after Wall Street posted its biggest one-day fall since the November election, as investors fret about potential delays to President Donald Trump's pro-growth policies. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Republican leaders aim to move the controversial legislation to the House floor for debate as early as Thursday, amid concerns over support from party lawmakers. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer-than-expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." U.S. 10-year Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. The S&P 500 has run up about 10 percent since the election in November, spurred mainly by Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure spending, but valuations have emerged as a concern. The benchmark index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data. The last time the S&P 500 lost 1 percent or more in a day was on October 11. "Given the full valuation and the long time that's passed since we've had a one percent down day, let alone a correction, a forward correction is a real possibility," said Amoroso. Dow e-minis were down 32 points, or 0.16 percent, with 45,088 contracts changing hands at 8:25 a.m. ET (1225 GMT). S&P 500 e-minis were down 0.75 points, or 0.03 percent, with 243,649 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 2.25 points, or 0.04 percent, on volume of 45,312 contracts. Oil prices also dipped and slipped back to three-month lows after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected. Gold prices rose to a three-week high and the dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was at 99.87, near the six-week low of 99.64 reached on Tuesday. Shares of financials, which suffered their worst daily drop since June, were lower in premarket trading. Bank of America , Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo were all down. The financial sector has been the best performing of the 11 major S&P sectors since Trump's election, up 18 percent. Sears Holdings slumped 14.8 percent to $7.75 after the retailer warned on Tuesday about its ability to continue as a going concern after years of losses and declining sales. Dow-component Nike was down 5.3 percent at $54.91, a day after the world's largest footwear maker's quarterly revenue missed expectations. FedEx rose 2.9 percent to $197.87 after the package delivery company posted an optimistic outlook for margins in the near-term. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Incredibly Cheap Financial Advisor Deals. Don't Miss Out. Financial Advisor Offers water damage restoration: get your quote! getserviceinfo.com Ads The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Lonny More from The Times of India Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter!Milaap This Single Father needs help to fight cancerMILAAP The 6 Best Destinations For Solo TravelIntrepid Travel You Won't Be Able To Look Away From These Heartwarming Bab..Dogsome.net Psoriasis: What Triggers Symptoms and How Are They Treated..WebMD The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Best day to campaign with wife is Valentine’s Day’ ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Help 7-year-old Sanpreet fight blood cancer! Ad: MILAAP Exclusive US NRI payment plan. Pay 20% now and 80% on Poss Ad: Kanakia Group Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. Ace investor Radhakishan Damani joins the elite billionaire club Ace investor Radhakishan Damani created history when his company Avenue Supermarts Ltd (ASL), which owns and operates the supermarket chain D-Mart, listed on the bourses at 113.4% premium to its issue price of Rs 299 a piece. The stellar debut on the bourses to raise Rs1,870 crore also ensured the 61-year-old a prominent place in the elite billionaire list with a staggering net worth of over $6 billion. From around the Web Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Milaap Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP 10 Signs and Symptoms of Colon Cancer rmhealthy You Wouldn't Believe That A New Car Could Be That Cheap! New Car Offers More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreYorkWells FargoWashingtonWall Streetu s treasury Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners European vegetable oil prices 1300 GMT - March 22 Forward curve at lowest since December, tracking fuels New kids media company aims for mobile audiences Instagram says advertising base tops 1 million businesses 1Wall St set to open lower as 'Trump trade' fizzles 2European vegetable oil prices 1300 GMT - March 22 3Forward curve at lowest since December, tracking fuels 4New kids media company aims for mobile audiences 5Instagram says advertising base tops 1 million businesses Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath Samsung Pay CM Adityanath Babri Masjid case Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Sensex Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MARKETS March 23, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store Dubai World Cup UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors23 Markets24 Automotives Banking4 Construction1 Employment Features1 General Investment1 Media2 Careers Energy43 Retail1 Shipping Technology8 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors UK retail sales rebound in February Libya oil output back at level before clashes Sonatrach to invest $50b, boost crude output Renewables Aviation8 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Massive crowds at Dubai airport this weekend Aegean Airlines profit drops, cuts dividend US laptop ban is disruptive: Emirates Economy12 Property4 GN Property top stories in Property Drake and Scull sells stake in One Palm project New five-star hotel to open in Bur Dubai Overseas real estate picks are proving easy Money2 Visas Analysis5 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Goldman topped commodities revenue rankings in 2016 JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup were ranked second and third respectively Published: 15:50 March 22, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE London: Goldman Sachs Group kept its top spot in commodities last year, bringing in more revenue than other banks even as earnings from the industry slumped. JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc were ranked second and third respectively, according to a report from Coalition Development Ltd, a London-based analytics company. Overall, major banks’ commodities revenue sank to an 11-year low in 2016, Coalition said last month. Poor performance in oil were partially offset by improvement in the US power and gas markets. Banks’ commodities revenues have slumped from their peak in 2008. More regulatory scrutiny, curbs on proprietary trading and reduced investment by their hedge-fund clients and other large traders have hurt profits. That forced some lenders to reduce or cut their exposure to commodities completely. Australian and Canadian banks, which aren’t included in Coalition’s analysis, are expanding in commodities, taking up business left by other lenders, according to Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. “Other than the French banks, we don’t really see any of the European banks competing in this space,” Shahani said. More from Markets Waha Capital AGM approves cash dividend of 20% 04:05 pm MSCI seeks feedback, eyes China stocks inclusion 02:01 pm UAE indices in tight range as volumes tumble 42 minutes ago ENBD REIT tops gainer position on listing day 03:55 pm Islamic finance aims for easier sukuk investment 03:54 pm Oil bounces off November lows 02:15 pm MSCI shuns most of China market in proposal 02:12 pm Turkish treasury mandates banks for sukuk issue 01:53 pm tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsMarkets tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In MarketsWaha Capital AGM approves cash dividend of 20% Business Gallery Pink diamond worth millions shown in London Goodyear deflates last of its GZ-20 blimps Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Stock Look Up Search Latest share prices Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01US stocks dive over Trump agenda doubts 02UAE markets hold above trend lines 03Gulf stocks join global rout Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Pink diamond worth millions shown in London Mar 21, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 14Images Goodyear deflates last of its GZ-20 blimps Mar 16, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 Markets International Commodity Prices Error - No Data As on 2017-03-23 16:20:16 Most Popular on Gulf News New traffic rules and penalties in UAE Family try to flee UAE on forged passports Gold jewellery, tobacco to be taxed in UAE 50% discount on traffic fines in this emirate Girl, 16, suspected suicide shocks class Video: Thunder storm, heavy rain pound Dubai Du network interrupted for several hours 2017 UAE holidays Du mobile users to get compensation Close Recommended For You Expatriates talk about life in the UAEPUBLISHED ON Mar 26, 2017 Saudi Arabia halts Brazil chicken, beef importsPUBLISHED ON Mar 23, 2017 Motorist burned to death in crashPUBLISHED ON Mar 23, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Yogi Adityanath Trivendra Singh Rawat Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower as 'Trump trade' fizzles Shares1 Wed, 22 Mar 2017-06:41pm , Reuters U.S. stocks looked set to open slightly lower on Wednesday, a day after Wall Street posted its biggest one-day fall since the November election, as investors fret about potential delays to President Donald Trump's pro-growth policies. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Republican leaders aim to move the controversial legislation to the House floor for debate as early as Thursday, amid concerns over support from party lawmakers. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer-than-expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." U.S. 10-year Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. The S&P 500 has run up about 10 percent since the election in November, spurred mainly by Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure spending, but valuations have emerged as a concern. The benchmark index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data. The last time the S&P 500 lost 1 percent or more in a day was on October 11. "Given the full valuation and the long time that's passed since we've had a one percent down day, let alone a correction, a forward correction is a real possibility," said Amoroso. Dow e-minis were down 32 points, or 0.16 percent, with 45,088 contracts changing hands at 8:25 a.m. ET (1225 GMT). S&P 500 e-minis were down 0.75 points, or 0.03 percent, with 243,649 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 2.25 points, or 0.04 percent, on volume of 45,312 contracts. Oil prices also dipped and slipped back to three-month lows after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected. Gold prices rose to a three-week high and the dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was at 99.87, near the six-week low of 99.64 reached on Tuesday. Shares of financials, which suffered their worst daily drop since June, were lower in premarket trading. Bank of America , Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo were all down. The financial sector has been the best performing of the 11 major S&P sectors since Trump's election, up 18 percent. Sears Holdings slumped 14.8 percent to $7.75 after the retailer warned on Tuesday about its ability to continue as a going concern after years of losses and declining sales. Dow-component Nike was down 5.3 percent at $54.91, a day after the world's largest footwear maker's quarterly revenue missed expectations. FedEx rose 2.9 percent to $197.87 after the package delivery company posted an optimistic outlook for margins in the near-term. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < 94 infrastructure projects worth Rs 150 crore facing delay,cost overrun: Government   Comments   Also Read Money Is your sensitive data like Aadhaar, PAN card details safe with the government? Money Skoda sold 11.26 lakh vehicles globally in 2016 Money Dollar edges up from 4-month low; Trump's healthcare bill in focus Money Rupee rebounds 5 paise in early trade Money BSE recoups losses, up 87 points in early trade Money Finance Bill 2017: Govt proposes lower cap on cash transactions at Rs 2 lakh Next Article > BCCI's annual contract list: Jadeja, Pujara and Vijay make Grade A; Raina excluded < Previous ArticleNext Article > 94 infrastructure projects worth Rs 150 crore facing delay,cost overrun: Government Next node BCCI's annual contract list: Jadeja, Pujara and Vijay make Grade A; Raina excluded Related Sensex slumps 318 points, Nifty goes below 9100 on global clues Reliance Industries' Mukesh Ambani is India's richest on Forbes list Asian shares near 15-month high, dollar soft on less hawkish US Fed Video It's time to end gender stereotyping roles for parenting! Watch: Unrepentant, Shiv Sena MP admits to beating Air India staff 25 times with his slipper! Anushka Sharma and Diljit Dosanjh REVEAL secrets playing 'Never Have I Ever' with DNA! View all Tags Donald Trump Bank of America Citigroup Goldman Sachs House Houston Nike Sears Holdings Thomson Reuters Wells Fargo S&P U. S. republican Goldman Sachs JPMorgan J. P. Morgan Private Bank Obamacare Treasury Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News "Medical attention cannot wait": HC, directs striking doctors Yogi's slaughterhouse ban hits Lucknow's 'Tunday Kababi' Greek objections mar preparations for EU's 60th birthday Gaikwad writes to Aviation Minsiter, LS Speaker justifying his assault on AI staffer Siemens wins order from Bangladesh Rural Electrification Board Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Is Aishwarya Rai Bachchan MIFFED with Karan Johar for skipping her father's funeral?KJo missed Krishnaraj Rai funeral last weekend... Piracy, TV telecast of films biggest concern for producers Telugu film producer, Daggubati Suresh Babu, says that I don't consider myself a tech-savvy person: Deepika Padukone Wait, WHAT?? Hazel Keech RUBBISHES rumours of her and Yuvraj Singh doing 'Nach Baliye 8' Money AI mulling preparing a no-fly list for unruly passengers Airtel to acquire Tikona Networks' 4G biz for about Rs 1,600cr Finmin, bankers to meet on utilising excess liquidity Govt sanctions Rs 5,021 crore to 10 states hit by disasters Singh said under the Comprehensive Telecom Development Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Wed Mar 22, 2017 | 5:58pm IST U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe FILE PHOTO: A J.P. Morgan logo is seen in New York City, U.S. January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith/File Photo By Jamie McGeever | LONDON LONDON JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. JP Morgan's revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 percent to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by U.S. peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 percent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one - municipal finance - of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by U.S. banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany's Deutsche Bank. U.S. banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the U.S.-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. "European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don't see repeating," said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. "They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year." Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 TRUMPS H1 The world's big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 percent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump's U.S. presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. U.S. banks' total for the second half of last year jumped 37 percent to $24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays and HSBC, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan's revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the $14.3 billion from its U.S. operations up 10 percent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 percent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to $7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of $3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi's joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS. (Reporting by Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies; editing by Mark Heinrich) Next In Money News Finance minister calls banks to discuss new facility to drain cash MUMBAI The finance ministry has called bankers into a meeting on Friday to discuss setting up a new facility to absorb surplus cash in the banking system, according to a letter sent to heads of lenders seen by Reuters on Thursday. Accenture's profit slips as costs rise Consulting and outsourcing services provider Accenture Plc reported a smaller quarterly profit on Thursday, hurt in part by higher costs. Fed research signals inflation overshoot possible, but is it tolerable? WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve has begun preparing the public and markets for higher inflation, but has left unanswered the question of how high inflation might go and for how long? MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick British police arrest seven in parliament attack probe Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cormark Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Jamba, Inc. to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.17 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (JMBA) Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 24th Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Given Average Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Set $7.50 Target Price for PC Tel Inc (PCTI) Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Myokardia Inc (MYOK) Insider Sells 667 Shares of Stock Andrew Koven Sells 7,025 Shares of Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) Stock Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) CEO Sells $112,365.00 in Stock Harry Fleming Purchases 25,000 Shares of Nobilis Health Corp (NHC) Stock Gerald K. Carlson Sells 12,000 Shares of Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Stock Insider Buying: PJT Partners Inc (PJT) Chairman Buys 16,500 Shares of Stock Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Major Shareholder Credit Opportunit Bluemountain Sells 115,438 Shares Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class A (OSG) Major Shareholder Bluemountain Capital Managemen Sells 65,253 Shares Cintas Co. (CTAS) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Selling: Inogen Inc (INGN) EVP Sells $184,625.00 in Stock March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of Inogen stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.85, for a total transaction of $184,625.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 4,833 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $356,917.05. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Matt Scribner also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, January 17th, Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of Inogen stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.91, for a total transaction of $159,775.00. Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) opened at 74.79 on Wednesday. Inogen Inc has a 12 month low of $39.57 and a 12 month high of $79.94. The stock has a market cap of $1.53 billion, a PE ratio of 77.10 and a beta of 1.07. The company has a 50-day moving average of $70.06 and a 200-day moving average of $63.95. Your IP Address: INGN has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Needham & Company LLC initiated coverage on shares of Inogen in a report on Thursday, January 19th. They set a “strong-buy” rating for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price objective on shares of Inogen and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. TheStreet raised shares of Inogen from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Inogen from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price objective on shares of Inogen to $65.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Inogen has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $68.17. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in INGN. IFP Advisors Inc boosted its stake in shares of Inogen by 0.3% in the second quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 2,086 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 6 shares in the last quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its stake in shares of Inogen by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,220 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $193,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Inogen during the third quarter worth about $211,000. Guggenheim Capital LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Inogen during the fourth quarter worth about $211,000. Finally, Trexquant Investment LP purchased a new stake in shares of Inogen during the fourth quarter worth about $275,000. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device weighing approximately 4.8 or seven pounds. Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Thursday March 23 2017 2:32 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Wells Fargo: ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards March 22, 2017, 05:00 AM The Associated Press NEW YORK — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. “Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs,” said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won’t work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase’s upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities.     Tags: their, wells, customers, fargo, upgrade, still, Other stories from today: Google opens ‘shortcuts’ to information, tools on phones Wells Fargo: ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards Trump health care speedbump tanks stocks     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Does the federal government provide sufficient support for the middle class? Yes Almost Not enough Don't know             Coroner IDs man who shot himself during domestic dispute A Redwood City man who allegedly shot himself after police responded to a domestic violence incident.. Five dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament LONDON — A knife-wielding man went on a deadly rampage in the heart of Britain’s seat o.. Supreme Court pick parries Democrats’ attacks on last day WASHINGTON — On a glide path toward confirmation, Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch parried fresh.. More >>                 Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal Millbrae news  
Thursday March 23 2017 4:19 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Trump health care speedbump tanks stocks March 22, 2017, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — U.S. stocks took their biggest loss in five months Tuesday as a health care bill backed by President Donald Trump ran into trouble in Congress, which raised some questions about his agenda of faster economic growth spurred on by lower taxes and cuts in regulations. Banks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped, and so did materials companies like steel and chemicals makers. The dollar weakened. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit the most from Trump’s policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations, fell more than the rest of the market. “President Trump promised that this health care bill would be signed, sealed, delivered within the first couple of weeks of him taking office,” said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer for BMO Capital Markets. “All this is doing is pushing the rest of the agenda out.” The Standard & Poor’s 500 index tumbled 29.45 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,344.02. That was its biggest drop since Oct. 11. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237.85 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite surrendered 107.70 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,793.83. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks plunged 37.55 points, or 2.7 percent, to 1,346.55. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Stocks have fallen for four days in a row, though the previous losses were small. Tuesday’s losses were a reversal of the patterns that have endured since Trump was elected in November, but overall stocks are still sharply higher since then. On Thursday the House of Representatives is scheduled to vote on the Republican-backed American Health Care Act, and despite support from the president on Tuesday, it’s not clear if the House or the Senate will approve the bill. The administration hopes to get a major tax reform package to Congress by August, and a big infrastructure spending proposal may follow next year. Banks had their worst day in nine months as bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.42 percent from 2.46 percent. Bank of America fell $1.42, or 5.8 percent, to $23.02. KeyCorp sank $1.18, or 6.5 percent, to $16.90, the biggest loss in the S&P 500. JPMorgan Chase gave up $2.64, or 2.9 percent, to $87.39. Still, banks have done far better than the rest of the market since the election. Among transportation companies, United Continental lost $2.21, or 3.3 percent, to $65.28 and railroad operator CSX declined $1.26, or 2.7 percent, to $45.62. Hertz Global skidded $1.86, or 8.7 percent, to $19.40. Companies that make steel, chemicals, and other basic materials also slid. AK Steel plunged 86 cents, or 10.4 percent, to $7.51 and U.S. Steel lost $3.34, or 9 percent, to $33.76. The price of copper also dropped. The metal’s price tends to rise when investors are more optimistic about the economy, and copper has risen 14 percent over the last year. It sank 5 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $2.62 a pound on Tuesday. Big-dividend companies, especially utilities, did well. Investors often buy those stocks when bond yields are falling. Dominion Resources rose $1.38, or 1.8 percent, to $78.21 and PPL gained 67 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $37.47. Some household goods makers also rose. Jack Daniel’s whisky maker Brown-Forman climbed 47 cents, or 1 percent, to $47.28. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, said investors are taking some profits after the market’s long post-election winning streak, but noted that Wall Street is especially eager for the administration’s tax reform proposals. “I think investors see (corporate tax reform) as more important in terms of supporting the stock market even if it’s not as important in terms of its effect on the economy” as health care, she said. Food companies fell after General Mills posted a better-than-expected profit but weaker sales. The Cheerios maker faces more competitive pricing and a market that has been shifting demand from processed foods. Its stock dipped 50 cents to $59.76, and Kellogg shed $1.38, or 1.8 percent, to $73.60. Campbell Soup gave up $1.91 or 3.2 percent, to $57.09. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 88 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $47.34 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, closed down 66 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.96 a barrel in London. The price of gold jumped $12.50, or 1 percent, to $1,246.50 an ounce. Silver gained 15 cents to $17.58 an ounce. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost 1 cent to $1.61 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas rose 5 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $3.09 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar slipped to 111.90 yen from 112.58 yen. The euro rose to $1.0804 from $1.0733. The DAX of Germany fell 1.1 percent and the British FTSE 100 lost 0.6 percent. France’s CAC 40 made big early gains after a debate between the nation’s candidates for president, but it finished 0.5 percent lower. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 slipped 0.3 percent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 1 percent and in Hong Kong the Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. ——— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, cents, companies, stocks, price, market, Other stories from today: Trump health care speedbump tanks stocks Apple cuts prices on iPads, releases red iPhones Wells Fargo: ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Does the federal government provide sufficient support for the middle class? Yes Almost Not enough Don't know             Coroner IDs man who shot himself during domestic dispute A Redwood City man who allegedly shot himself after police responded to a domestic violence incident.. Five dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament LONDON — A knife-wielding man went on a deadly rampage in the heart of Britain’s seat o.. Supreme Court pick parries Democrats’ attacks on last day WASHINGTON — On a glide path toward confirmation, Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch parried fresh.. More >>                 Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County advertising  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Washington Real Estate Investment Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Roth Capital Research Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Consolidated Water Co. Ltd. (CWCO) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank of America Corp Reiterates €14.80 Price Target for Engie SA (GSZ) Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) First Republic Bank (FRC) Receives $93.10 Consensus PT from Brokerages Total SA (TOT) Short Interest Up 43.4% in February Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) Short Interest Up 40.1% in February RingCentral Inc (RNG) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Citigroup Inc Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Kingfisher plc (KGF) Sandvik AB (SDVKY) Rating Increased to Equal Weight at Barclays PLC Hikma Pharmaceutic (HKMPF) Cut to Reduce at HSBC Holdings plc Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research John Wood Group PLC (WG) Receives GBX 797.09 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages GATX Co. (GATX) Receives $52.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Analysts Set Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Target Price at $227.17 Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBA) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.27 Per Share Empire Resources Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.04 (ers) Jefferies Group LLC Upgrades Valeo, SA (VLEEY) to Hold Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Forecasted to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.43 Per Share (WRE) March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) – Equities researchers at SunTrust Banks issued their Q1 2018 EPS estimates for shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. SunTrust Banks analyst M. Lewis anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings of $0.43 per share for the quarter. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust’s Q2 2018 earnings at $0.46 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.47 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $0.47 EPS, FY2019 earnings at $1.92 EPS and FY2021 earnings at $2.06 EPS. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $32.00 target price on shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 25th. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their target price on Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from $31.00 to $33.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $35.50 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $36.00 price target on the stock in a report on Friday, December 16th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $34.08. Your IP Address: Shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) opened at 31.03 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $2.32 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.82 and a beta of 0.89. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust has a 12-month low of $27.65 and a 12-month high of $34.61. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $31.91 and a 200-day moving average price of $31.22. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. The business earned $76.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $77.56 million. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust had a net margin of 55.81% and a return on equity of 19.15%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.46 EPS. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be issued a $0.30 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.87%. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 48.98%. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of WRE. Independent Advisor Alliance purchased a new stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust during the fourth quarter worth approximately $104,000. Aperio Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 3.6% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 7,545 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $235,000 after buying an additional 265 shares during the period. Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust during the third quarter worth approximately $254,000. Numeric Investors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust during the fourth quarter worth approximately $262,000. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 3.1% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 8,805 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $274,000 after buying an additional 263 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 87.44% of the company’s stock. About Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Washington Real Estate Investment Trust is a self-administered equity real estate investment trust. The Company’s business consists of the ownership and operation of real property in the greater Washington metro region. The Company owns a diversified portfolio of office buildings, multifamily buildings and retail centers. Receive News & Ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Goldman Sachs Keeps Top Spot in Commodities Revenue in 2016 by Thomas Seal @TW_Seal More stories by Thomas Seal March 22, 2017, 6:27 AM EDT Major banks’ revenue from commodities sank even as prices rose Canadian and Australian lenders have expanded in commodities Goldman Sachs Group Inc. kept its top spot in commodities last year, bringing in more revenue than other banks even as earnings from the industry slumped. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. were ranked second and third respectively, according to a report from Coalition Development Ltd., a London-based analytics company. Overall, major banks’ commodities revenue sank to an 11-year low in 2016, Coalition said last month. Poor performance in oil were partially offset by improvement in the U.S. power and gas markets. Banks’ commodities revenues have slumped from their peak in 2008. More regulatory scrutiny, curbs on proprietary trading and reduced investment by their hedge-fund clients and other large traders have hurt profits. That forced some lenders to reduce or cut their exposure to commodities completely. Australian and Canadian banks, which aren’t included in Coalition’s analysis, are expanding in commodities, taking up business left by other lenders, according to Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. “Other than the French banks, we don’t really see any of the European banks competing in this space,” Shahani said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UK markets regulator wins "London Whale" identity case in top court Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Mar 22, 2017 | 7:04am EDT UK markets regulator wins "London Whale" identity case in top court LONDON, March 22 The UK's markets regulator did not wrongfully identify a former JPMorgan executive in a landmark case over what details it can publish when it fines banks for breaching rules, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday. The ruling will set a precedent for seven similar cases in which traders say they were criticised in Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) penalty notices and were not given the chance to contest findings before they were published. "The FCA is pleased that there is now a final ruling and is considering the impact of the Supreme Court's judgment on other third party (cases) currently before the tribunal," a FCA spokeswoman said. The FCA had challenged lower court rulings that it identified Greek national Achilles Macris, without naming him, when it fined JPMorgan 138 million pounds ($172 million) in 2013 over the "London Whale" scandal. Macris was the former chief investment officer of JPMorgan's synthetic credit portfolio team in London, which ran up $6.2 billion in losses in 2012 in the "London Whale" trades, so-called because of their magnitude. The bank was fined $1.0 billion by U.S. and UK regulators for management failings. ($1 = 0.8009 pounds) (Reporting by Kirstin Ridley; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle) Next In Market News BRIEF-Interpace Diagnostics reports agreement to restructure debt * Interpace Diagnostics Group announces agreements to successfully restructure debt and terminate royalty and milestone obligations BRIEF-Ringcentral announces new European offering * Ringcentral office extends presence to 13 European countries with in-country purchasing capability and Euro billing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Attack outside UK parliament Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 13:43 GMT, Mar 23, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More WikiLeaks releases ‘Dark Matter’ #Vault7 revealing CIA attacks on Apple products HomeBusiness Wall Street dominates global investment banking, leaving Europe in the dust Published time: 22 Mar, 2017 10:51 Get short URL © Carlo Allegri / Reuters The top five places in global investment banking now firmly belong to US banks, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. JPMorgan retained the crown as the world’s biggest investment bank by revenue in 2016. It was followed by Citi, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, and Morgan Stanley. US banks now take in around two-thirds of the investment banking revenue pie. The gap has widened consistently since 2011 when the US-European split was roughly 50-50. $520mn for rate manipulation: EU fines JPMorgan, HSBC and Credit Agricole https://t.co/uFPBJkoQC0pic.twitter.com/HzxuY7mYy0— RT (@RT_com) December 7, 2016 "European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don't see repeating," said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. "They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year." According to him, banks at the top and bottom end of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. Statistics showed JP Morgan’s revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 percent to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015. Its position was strengthened by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. Read more US stock market record rally irrational – Goldman Sachs JP Morgan’s CIB CEO Daniel Pinto said last month the bank had made progress across all segments of equities. “It’s not that we wanted to throw money everywhere and go to top three everywhere, we picked the ones… where we were not where we wanted to be,” he said. “Clients… want bigger and better JPMorgan, and that’s where we invested.” The world's big banks had a tough start to last year with weak Chinese data and plunging commodity prices. Fears of a potential recession jeopardized investor sentiment. Revenue fell 15 percent in the first six months, which was the worst first half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. Trading recovered in the second quarter of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump's US presidential election victory. US banks' total revenue for the second half of last year jumped 37 percent to $24.6 billion. The outlook for 2017 will be “a bit more mellow as we go through the year” with an overall increase in revenues in the single-digit percentages, according to Coalition. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aberdeen Asset Management plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aberdeen Asset Management plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Repligen Co. (RGEN) CFO Jon Snodgres Sells 1,909 Shares of Stock Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Joseph David Stilwell Purchases 4,700 Shares of Stock Viveve Medical Inc (VIVE) CEO Patricia Scheller Purchases 12,500 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) Insider Carissa Lynn Rodeheaver Acquires 2,873 Shares Bacanora Minerals Ltd (BCN) Director James Digby Ronald Strauss Acquires 27,000 Shares of Stock Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 2,098 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 3,278 Shares of Stock KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Director Karen A. Twitchell Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Curtis Darrell Bartlett Sells 16,834 Shares of Stock Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) SVP Jacob J. Schatz Sells 2,200 Shares of Stock PVH Corp (PVH) Releases FY18 Earnings Guidance Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CEO Marcus Ryu Sells 8,294 Shares of Stock Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc (LON:ADN) have earned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the eighteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, eleven have given a hold recommendation and one has given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year target price among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 274.88 ($3.39). ADN has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Numis Securities Ltd restated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 265 ($3.27) target price (down previously from GBX 285 ($3.52)) on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. BNP Paribas restated an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 240 ($2.96) target price on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Citigroup Inc restated a “sell” rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.09) target price on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their target price on Aberdeen Asset Management plc from GBX 320 ($3.95) to GBX 270 ($3.33) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 221 ($2.73) target price on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Your IP Address: Shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc (LON:ADN) opened at 264.40 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 269.16 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 289.03. Aberdeen Asset Management plc has a 12 month low of GBX 212.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 354.40. The firm’s market cap is GBX 3.40 billion. About Aberdeen Asset Management plc Aberdeen Asset Management PLC is a United Kingdom-based asset manager. The Company operates through asset management for reporting and control purposes. The Company is managed as a single asset management business, with multiple investment strategies of equities, fixed income and property, complemented by a solutions business, which provides multi asset, alternatives and quantitative investment capabilities. Receive News & Ratings for Aberdeen Asset Management plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aberdeen Asset Management plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Find Rates Calculators Home Rates Calculators   Mortgages Mortgage Rates Compare Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Mortgage News Veteran Homebuyer Central Mortgage Lender Reviews Home Equity Loans Home Equity Center Reverse Mortgage Loans Calculators The Home Hacker Refinance Refinance Rates Refinance Calculator Refinance Mortgage Auto Loan Refinance Bank Rates CD Rates Savings & Money Market Checking Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Power Up! Blog Credit Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Travel & Airline Cash Back Rewards Business Fair Credit Bad Credit Best Credit Cards The Card Shark Blog Personal Loans Get Matched - LoanMatch™ Personal Loan Calculator Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Bad Credit Personal Loans Auto Auto Center Auto Loans Personal Loans Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Senior Living Retirement Calculators Investments Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Investment Calculators The Wealth Builder Blog Financial Planning Election 2016 The Cashlorette Blog Identity Protection Mastering your Money Debt Management Student Loans Tips from Jean Chatzky Calculators Certified Financial Planner Mobile Finance   advertisement Credit Cards Blog Finance Blogs » Credit Cards Blog » Cash back cards become more generous with rewards Cash back cards become more generous with rewards By Tony Mecia · Bankrate.com Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Posted: 5 am ET Tweet Email Tweet Email Zero Creatives/Getty Images Responding to strong demand for simple rewards, credit card issuers are churning out new cards with bigger and bigger payouts of cash back. For the past few years, cash back card reward programs have become generous -- and complex. While they offer big sign-up bonuses and big payoffs, they require customers to track quarterly categories and jump through hoops to earn and spend points. Now, card issuers are pursuing the "set it and forget it" crowd. Instead of complicated programs, they are offering straightforward rewards: Use your credit card and receive a flat percentage rebated on your monthly statement. Those cash back percentages are rising. One percent back used to be routine, but now several issuers offer a flat 1.5 percent back (Capital One Quicksilver, Chase Freedom Unlimited, Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa, for instance). Now 2 percent rates are becoming more common (Citi Double Cash, Fidelity Rewards Visa and credit union PenFed’s new Power Cash Visa, for example). Another credit union, USAA, last year started offering a card -- in certain states -- that can earn 2.5 percent back on all purchases. "For the last couple of years, cash back has been growing in popularity, and it has a lot to do with the perceived ease of use around cash," says Marc Bellanger, senior strategy director with Merkle, a marketing agency that works in the payments industry. "It's easy to earn, easy to redeem and easy to understand." The new, more-generous offers often come with strings attached, however. Some require you maintain another account at the same institution, regular direct deposit or that you qualify for a limited-membership credit union. Cash back cards with the largest flat rewards rate Card Annual fee Cash back Details USAA Limitless Cashback Rewards Visa $0 2.5% Not available in all states. Requires monthly direct deposit of $1,000 into checking account. Must be a USAA member: Open to current/former military and their families. Fidelity Rewards Visa $0 2% Deposited in a Fidelity account. Citi Double Cash $0 2% 1 percent back on purchases, 1 percent back. PenFed Power Cash Rewards Visa $0 2% With qualifying checking account or for former/current military members. Must be a member of credit union. Bellanger says he thinks issuers will continue experimenting with ways to attract customers with cash back offers, given their popularity. The economics of credit cards, though, probably limit flat cash back cards from going much above 2 percent. Instead, he says, consumers might see more innovation around staggering percentages in certain spending categories. For example, American Express is offering new Blue Cash Everyday and Blue Cash Preferred cardholders 10 percent cash back at restaurants for six months (topping out at $200). There may also be caps on how much cash back you can receive annually. Citing industry data, Bellanger says that since 2013, offers for cash back cards have risen by one-third, to 40 percent of all offers, while cards with points-based rewards have fallen by one-third, to 25 percent of offers. People prefer cash back Polls show that people overwhelmingly prefer cash rewards to other rewards programs, by a ratio of 3-to-1. Rival programs, such as travel rewards, mostly target wealthier consumers and those with the highest credit scores. But cash back is more popular even in those segments. Still, cash back is a category of reward cards that doesn’t seem too flashy, compared with travel reward cards that dangle perks such as huge sign-up bonuses, free trips, airport lounge passes and free hotel rooms. To maximize the value, though, some reward programs require understanding points-transfer rules and airline routings -- details that can be time-consuming and challenging to master. While travel reward cards typically charge annual fees, cash back cards usually don’t. Cash back cards also usually have meager or no sign-up bonuses. A 2016 J.D. Power study found that more than 20 percent of credit card customers have a card that is poorly aligned with their spending habits and reward preferences. The mismatch is even higher -- 44 percent -- among people with airline cards. Those findings suggest that in many cases, consumers might opt for a travel card because they like the idea of crisscrossing the globe with frequent flier miles, when in reality they might be financially better off with a simple-to-use cash back card. "Oftentimes, consumers may be picking the reward type based on their aspirations," says Tiffani Montez, senior analyst of card issuance with Aite Group, a financial services consulting firm. "It might not be a true reflection of how and where they spend their money." Once consumers have a credit card, many stick with it for the long term instead of keeping an eye on new offers. A February 2017 CreditCards.com poll also found a lot of inertia: 38 percent of cardholders said they had not changed credit cards in at least the past 10 years. Challenges of airline cards Deborah Goldberg, 39, of Charlotte, North Carolina, says she used to have two cards -- a Discover it card that offers 5 percent back on rotating categories each quarter and 1 percent everywhere else; and a Bank of America Cash Rewards Visa that offers 3 percent back on gas, 2 percent on groceries and 1 percent on everything else. Then she added a Citi AAdvantage card to earn miles for a trip, but she says the American Airlines card takes a little work to figure out the rewards. "I find it annoying that I have to analyze it to see what I actually have, as opposed to a straight cash back card," she says. She uses the Discover rewards to buy gift cards for movies or children’s clothing retailers. The Bank of America cash goes straight into her bank account, which earns a 10 percent bonus. Cash back complexities Even with cash back cards, there are different levels of complexity. Some cash back cards offer bonuses for spending in certain fixed categories. Other cards offer 5 percent back in categories that rotate each quarter. And then there are the flat reward cards that offer a fixed percentage back, regardless of where the card is used. Some consumers pursue a strategy of using multiple cards – say, using one card at stores where the card earns big category bonuses, combined with a second card that offers a high rate on all other purchases. John Kelly, senior vice president of payment products and services for PenFed, says the credit union chose to introduce its cash back card in February 2017 after realizing that its customers wanted a straightforward rewards program. Customers expect ease-of-use from their credit cards, he says, just as they find in other facets of life, such as calling Uber or ordering items on Amazon. He said the card is exceeding expectations, even with minimal advertising. "What works in this space is simplicity and being easy to understand. There are no 'gotchas,'" he says. "What we are seeing in rewards, consistently, is that cash is king." See related: How to redeem your card’s cash back rewards, Best cash back cards: Fall 2016, Cash back card reviews Editor's note: This story, "Cash back cards become more generous with rewards" originally was posted on CreditCards.com. Related posts: AmEx adds two cash-back cards Banks push rewards cards BofA’s new cash rewards cards Capital One Cash card debuts Best rewards credit cards « How tax liens affect your credit score Best Citibank credit cards » Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Compare Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Low Interest Cards 0% APR Cards Airline Cards Bankrate.com's Best Cards Rewards Cards advertisement Today's Top Stories   Yes, you can get another VA home loan Fed reassures mortgage market, and rates fall 5 worst indoor remodels for your money 3 important facts about zero-down VA home loans Americans have a big disconnect about saving money About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   advertisement Connect with us             About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Newsletters Understanding Bankrate's rate averages © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Britain's FTSE drops as Trump trade sours, 'fiscal frustration' takes hold By Reuters Published: 06:18 EDT, 22 March 2017 | Updated: 06:18 EDT, 22 March 2017 e-mail By Helen Reid LONDON, March 22 (Reuters) - British shares pulled back on Wednesday, weighed by bankers and miners as a global risk-off mood combined with a stronger pound conspired against the UK stock market. Britain's blue-chip FTSE 100 index was down 0.9 percent, hitting a two-week low and set for its biggest daily drop since late January. Investors globally were growing concerned that much-anticipated reflationary policies from the new U.S. administration would take longer to materialise than hoped. Banking and mining, which had seen the greatest gains from the 'Trump trade' as investors bet on reflation and infrastructure spending, were the biggest sector fallers. "There's a degree of fiscal frustration - what's been driving markets is the hope and promise of fiscal stimulus, tax cuts and deregulation, and investors were expecting many more details than what we have by this point," said Alex Dryden, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Markets have been very tranquil so far this year, and that suggests to me that any sort of move was going to cause some shockwaves," he added. A pound strengthened by a jump in inflation was also putting pressure on Britain's major index, whose constituents mainly earn foreign currency. Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and Ashtead were among top fallers, down 2.6 to 3.5 percent, as lower copper prices dragged on the miners. Barclays, Standard Chartered and RBS were down 2.7 to 3.3 percent, Home improvement retailer Kingfisher was the top faller, down 5.4 percent after it said it was cautious on demand in its markets. Kingfisher said it was concerned uncertainty around French and British politics could hit future demand, after it beat 2016 profit forecasts thanks to solid performance in its home market. As investors turned to safe haven assets and dividend-yielding stocks, gold miners Randgold Resources and Fresnillo were among a handful of companies making timid gains, along with telecoms group BT and consumer giant Unilever. "This is a classic risk-off move - people fly to safety, to the names that they know, as they reprice their fiscal policy outlook," said Dryden. British Airways owner International Consolidated Air was also among top fallers, along with Easyjet. Both airlines would be affected by Britain joining the U.S. in imposing restrictions on carry-on electronic devices on planes coming from certain airports in the Middle East and North Africa. The mid-caps index was set for its biggest fall since early November, down 1.2 percent and set for its second day of losses. Miners were the top fallers among mid-caps too, with Vedanta Resources and Acacia Mining down 5.4 and 5.3 percent. (Reporting by Helen Reid; Editing by Tom Heneghan) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Andrey Rudakov/Bloomberg JPMorgan Caves, Goldman Digs In as Russia Sows Rate Discord by Vladimir Kuznetsov More stories by Vladimir Kuznetsov March 21, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT March 22, 2017, 2:06 AM EDT World’s biggest banks are at odds over rate decision on Friday Central bank said first cut in six months under consideration Consider it a subplot to what may be this year’s most contentious rate decision in Russia. At center stage is the familiar sight of Governor Elvira Nabiullina staring down inflation. The central bank took the unusual step of showing its cards ahead of time, with the head of its monetary policy department, Igor Dmitriev, saying a hold and reductions of 25 to 50 basis points in the 10 percent benchmark will be under consideration on Friday. Only last month it warned the potential for easing in the first half has “ diminished.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up But the meeting also marks the most tightly contested decision among forecasters since last July, with some of the world’s biggest banks divided over policy makers’ readiness to pull off their first rate cut in six months. While JPMorgan Chase & Co. moved up its call for the year’s first decrease to this week from June -- and now predicts a reduction of a quarter point -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. sees a pause for another month. Credit Suisse Group AG is among three of the 40 participants in a Bloomberg survey to see a cut of half a point. The split goes to the heart of the dilemma facing the central bank. While price growth near historical lows makes the case for easing obvious, the disagreement is over the best timing to loosen policy as inflation expectations remain elevated. Although the Bank of Russia moved in 50 basis-point steps for its last three reductions, it may switch to quarter percentage-point decreases, which is more typical for countries where inflation isn’t high, according to First Deputy Governor Ksenia Yudaeva. “Low inflation momentum and strong currency have opened space for a more front-loaded easing path and the central bank needed to untie its hands by preparing the market for a more dovish shift,” JPMorgan analyst Anatoliy Shal said in a report, pointing to Dmitriev’s comments. The expectation now is that the central bank will “move in 25 basis-point steps at (nearly) every meeting, not in 50 basis-point steps at every second meeting.” Of the four most accurate forecasters, three -- B&N Bank PJSC, HSBC Holdings Plc and Renaissance Capital -- predict no change. Forward-rate agreements signal 49 basis points of decreases in borrowing costs over the next three months, the most since late January. The ruble is up 3 percent against the dollar since the central bank’s last rate meeting on Feb. 2. “There is room to reduce the policy rate but we do not see any reason for the Russian central bank to rush at the current juncture,” HSBC currency strategists Murat Toprak and Dominic Bunning said in a report. “The priority has to remain on inflation, whilst economic activity is moving in the right direction anyway. The fact that inflation expectations are still high and the oil price is weaker call for prudence.” The Bank of Russia has said a “moderately tight” stance is needed to bring inflation to its 4 percent target at end-2017. While the central bank’s research and forecasting department conceded this month that price growth has begun to slow “faster” than forecast, it only saw grounds for “ very gradual” monetary easing.  After their February meeting, policy makers said the letup in prices “is partially attributed to temporary factors,” including a bumper crop and a stronger ruble exchange rate. It’s an argument they may use again this time, especially as inflation expectations, a key concern for the central bank, rose in February. Russian inflation puts rate cut in play, central banker says Despite the prevailing consensus among economists, monetary easing in Russia remains a question of when, not if. The choice this month is between a “dovish on-hold” and a “cautious 25 basis-point” cut, according to Dmitry Polevoy, an economist at ING Groep NV who predicts no change. Goldman Sachs sees “ample room” for a rate cut already while still undershooting the central bank’s price target. Yet after all but ruling out easing this half at their last meeting, policy makers have less room to act in March, Goldman Sachs economists including Clemens Grafe and Andrew Matheny said in a report. “While we think there are sufficient grounds for a cut in this meeting, we think the Russian central bank has emphasized repeatedly that it wants to be predictable,” they said. It will “use its March meeting to signal the start of a new cutting cycle in April.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Stock Traders Gain New Bellwether for Analyzing Brexit Talks by John Detrixhe @johndetrixhe More stories by John Detrixhe March 22, 2017, 2:30 AM EDT Bats Europe’s new Brexit index opens door to ETF listings JPMorgan, KPMG also have created stock indexes for Brexit Equity traders have a growing list of ways to track Theresa May’s divorce talks with the European Union. One of the most recent is a pair of indexes started by Bats Europe, part of CBOE Holdings Inc. The gauges measure the 50 biggest U.K. stocks that are most tied to the British economy, and the 50 largest internationally focused peers. The firm says investors need new methods to size up British companies as Prime Minister May prepares to trigger Brexit on March 29. “It’s a bellwether, and it’s about as good a place to start as any,” said Leigh Himsworth, who manages about $91 million of U.K. equities at Fidelity International in London. “We’re all going into uncharted territory.” As two years of difficult trade negotiations between the U.K. and the European Union are set to begin, scrutiny of the impact on British firms is growing. KPMG has developed two stock indexes, and JPMorgan Chase & Co. also has one. MSCI Inc. has been monitoring populist sentiment as part of its stress testing for portfolios. Bloomberg LP, the parent company of Bloomberg News, operates financial market analytic tools and indexes. Luxury retailer Burberry Group Plc is among firms with revenue likely to be insulated from the U.K. economy, according to the Bats indexes, while insurance service firm Admiral Group Plc and retailer Next Plc are more vulnerable. Bats says its indexes are unique because they use geographic revenue data compiled by FactSet Research Systems Inc. and are based on the same methodology as its other benchmarks, making it easier to compare them. The indexes will be offered free of charge, and Bats is hoping to win the interest of more than just financial professionals. “This particular topic is so much in the public domain,” said Guy Simpkin, head of business development at Bats Europe in London. “It affects everybody, from corporates to proprietary trading firms and banks, to hedge funds, to the man on the street and all points in between.” It also leaves the door open to creating exchange-traded funds tied to the indexes. “We have strong relationships with ETF issuers,” Simpkin said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axa SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Total SA (TOT) Short Interest Up 43.4% in February Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) Short Interest Up 40.1% in February RingCentral Inc (RNG) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Citigroup Inc Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Kingfisher plc (KGF) Sandvik AB (SDVKY) Rating Increased to Equal Weight at Barclays PLC Hikma Pharmaceutic (HKMPF) Cut to Reduce at HSBC Holdings plc Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research John Wood Group PLC (WG) Receives GBX 797.09 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages GATX Co. (GATX) Receives $52.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Analysts Set Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Target Price at $227.17 Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBA) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.27 Per Share Empire Resources Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.04 (ers) Jefferies Group LLC Upgrades Valeo, SA (VLEEY) to Hold Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc (HLX) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) Short Interest Update Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Dover Corp Reduced by Seaport Global Securities (DOV) Royal Bank of Canada Trims Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Target Price to C$14.00 Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Price Target Lowered to C$13.25 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Axa SA (CS) Receives €24.72 Average Price Target from Brokerages March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Axa SA (EPA:CS) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eighteen ratings firms that are currently covering the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have issued a hold recommendation and eleven have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is €24.72 ($26.58). Several equities analysts recently commented on CS shares. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Axa SA in a report on Monday, November 28th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €25.00 ($26.88) price target on shares of Axa SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €27.00 ($29.03) price target on shares of Axa SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €24.00 ($25.81) price target on shares of Axa SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €23.50 ($25.27) price target on shares of Axa SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Axa SA (EPA:CS) opened at 23.395 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of €56.60 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.172. Axa SA has a one year low of €16.11 and a one year high of €25.05. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €23.09 and its 200 day moving average is €22.07. Your IP Address: Axa SA Company Profile AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company’s segments include Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management, Banking and Holding companies. The Life & Savings segment’s products include a range of investment and savings products, as well as Protection and Health products. Receive News & Ratings for Axa SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Randgold Resources Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates Neutral Rating for Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated their neutral rating on shares of Randgold Resources Limited (LON:RRS) in a research report report published on Thursday morning. Goldman Sachs Group Inc currently has a GBX 8,000 ($98.80) target price on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. Canaccord Genuity reduced their price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited from GBX 8,590 ($106.09) to GBX 7,180 ($88.67) and set a buy rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 9,500 ($117.33) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research report on Monday, November 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 8,300 ($102.51) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 9,000 ($111.15) price target (up previously from GBX 8,500 ($104.98)) on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research report on Friday, November 18th. Finally, Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Randgold Resources Limited to an overweight rating and reduced their price target for the company from GBX 6,890 ($85.09) to GBX 6,640 ($82.01) in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 7,282.07 ($89.94). Randgold Resources Limited (LON:RRS) opened at 7255.00 on Thursday. Randgold Resources Limited has a 52-week low of GBX 5,410.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 9,820.00. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 7,217.16 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 6,817.20. The company’s market cap is GBX 6.81 billion. Your IP Address: The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 16th will be issued a GBX 1 ($0.01) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.12%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 16th. About Randgold Resources Limited Randgold Resources Limited is engaged in the gold mining, exploration and related activities. The Company’s activities are focused on West and Central Africa. The Company operates through the gold mining segment. The Company operates mines, such as Morila, Loulo, Gounkoto, Tongon and Kibali. The Company holds Morila Limited, which holds interests in the Morila mine in Mali. Receive News & Ratings for Randgold Resources Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for TeleTech Holdings, Inc. (TTEC) Raised by Analyst Next » Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) Given Buy Rating at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Serco Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Serco Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc (HLX) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) Short Interest Update Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Dover Corp Reduced by Seaport Global Securities (DOV) Royal Bank of Canada Trims Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Target Price to C$14.00 Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Price Target Lowered to C$13.25 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Rating Reiterated by Laurentian Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for BRP Inc (DOO) TD Securities Raises B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Price Target to C$5.50 Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank Brokerages Set Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Price Target at $17.20 Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Upgrades International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) to “Buy” Heineken Nv Spon (HEINY) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research GameStop Corp. (GME) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital The Wharf Holdings Limited (0004) Declares Dividend of $0.20 Brokerages Set Chimera Investment Co. (CIM) PT at $16.63 Pacific Crest Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada TRANSAT AT’s (TRZ) “Sector Perform” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Serco Group plc (SRP) March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital reissued their hold rating on shares of Serco Group plc (LON:SRP) in a research report report published on Thursday. A number of other brokerages have also commented on SRP. Peel Hunt reissued a hold rating and issued a GBX 139 ($1.72) price target on shares of Serco Group plc in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a hold rating and issued a GBX 130 ($1.61) price target on shares of Serco Group plc in a report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price target on shares of Serco Group plc from GBX 133 ($1.64) to GBX 140 ($1.73) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday, December 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 168 ($2.07) price target on shares of Serco Group plc in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, BNP Paribas reissued an outperform rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.47) price target on shares of Serco Group plc in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 134.75 ($1.66). Serco Group plc (LON:SRP) opened at 112.60 on Thursday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 1.22 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 129.50 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 135.71. Serco Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 90.25 and a 12-month high of GBX 151.10. Your IP Address: About Serco Group plc Receive News & Ratings for Serco Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Serco Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Johnson Matthey PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Acquires 357 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. FedEx Co. (FDX) Position Held by American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) PT Lowered to $25.00 at Barclays PLC BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Upgraded to “Buy” at Deutsche Bank AG DA Davidson Initiates Coverage on Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Credit Suisse Group AG Boosts Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Price Target to $35.00 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Barclays PLC Entergy Co. (ETR) Lifted to “Outperform” at Wells Fargo & Co Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Downgraded by Boenning Scattergood Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Rating Increased to Positive at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) Rating Increased to Outperform at Macquarie East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Lowered to “Underperform” at Citigroup Inc SRS Capital Advisors Inc. Takes Position in U.S. Bancorp (USB) CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Stake Raised by Two Sigma Investments LP ConocoPhillips (COP) Shares Bought by STA Wealth Management LLC Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Invests $277,000 in KB Home (KBH) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Reduces Stake in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $3,733,000 Stake in Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Huntsman Co. (HUN) Position Cut by Guggenheim Capital LLC Brokerages Set Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) PT at $3,348.30 March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Johnson Matthey PLC (LON:JMAT) has been given a consensus recommendation of “Hold” by the ten ratings firms that are presently covering the firm. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month target price among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 3,348.30 ($41.35). JMAT has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 3,700 ($45.70) price objective on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 3,200 ($39.52) price objective on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on Johnson Matthey PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set an “equal weight” rating and a GBX 3,380 ($41.74) price objective for the company. Numis Securities Ltd upgraded Johnson Matthey PLC to an “add” rating and set a GBX 3,754 ($46.36) price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, November 23rd. Finally, Berenberg Bank restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 3,350 ($41.37) price objective on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research report on Friday, December 16th. In other Johnson Matthey PLC news, insider Nicholas Garner purchased 12 shares of Johnson Matthey PLC stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 3,170 ($39.15) per share, for a total transaction of £380.40 ($469.80). Insiders have acquired a total of 36 shares of company stock valued at $110,952 in the last quarter. Johnson Matthey PLC (LON:JMAT) opened at 2976.00 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 3,075.70 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 3,205.71. Johnson Matthey PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 2,645.40 and a 12 month high of GBX 3,568.00. The stock’s market cap is GBX 5.71 billion. Your IP Address: Johnson Matthey PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arrow Global Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sandvik AB (SDVKY) Rating Increased to Equal Weight at Barclays PLC Hikma Pharmaceutic (HKMPF) Cut to Reduce at HSBC Holdings plc Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research John Wood Group PLC (WG) Receives GBX 797.09 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages GATX Co. (GATX) Receives $52.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Analysts Set Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Target Price at $227.17 Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBA) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.27 Per Share Empire Resources Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.04 (ers) Jefferies Group LLC Upgrades Valeo, SA (VLEEY) to Hold Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc (HLX) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) Short Interest Update Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Dover Corp Reduced by Seaport Global Securities (DOV) Royal Bank of Canada Trims Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Target Price to C$14.00 Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Price Target Lowered to C$13.25 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Rating Reiterated by Laurentian Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for BRP Inc (DOO) TD Securities Raises B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Price Target to C$5.50 Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by analysts at Shore Capital in a research note issued on Wednesday. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on ARW. Macquarie upped their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.14) to GBX 350 ($4.32) and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 340 ($4.20) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 384 ($4.74) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 350 ($4.32) to GBX 385 ($4.75) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 405 ($5.00) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 373.17 ($4.61). Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) opened at 330.50 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 315.55 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 298.95. Arrow Global Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 168.66 and a 12 month high of GBX 339.18. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 576.30 million. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a dividend of GBX 6.40 ($0.08) per share. This represents a yield of 1.97%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 8th. This is an increase from Arrow Global Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. Your IP Address: In other Arrow Global Group PLC news, insider Robert Memmott sold 135,086 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 324 ($4.00), for a total transaction of £437,678.64 ($540,544.20). In the last quarter, insiders have acquired 150 shares of company stock worth $47,700. About Arrow Global Group PLC Arrow Global Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based purchaser and manager of debt that uses data and analytics to acquire and manage debt portfolios from financial institutions and other credit providers. The Company is a provider of receivable management solutions. The Company is engaged in the purchase and collection of non-performing loans (NPLs). Receive News & Ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Jefferies in blowout performance Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               Jefferies Group, burned worse than its peers by market turmoil at the start of 2016, generated six times more revenue from trading in this year’s fiscal first quarter and returned to profit for the period. Bloomberg News reports that results at Jefferies, the New York-based investment bank, are closely watched for signs of how bigger Wall Street firms may fare when their quarters end a month later. The blowout performance compares with more tempered forecasts from banks including JPMorgan Chase, which said in late February that trading revenue would be “modestly” higher in the first quarter. Citigroup Inc.’s finance chief, John Gerspach, predicted this month that the business would rise at a “low double-digit” pace. Trading’s been getting a jolt in the past four months as investors reconsider their bets on stocks and bonds in the wake of two Federal Reserve interest-rate hikes and the U.S. election, which overturned expectations for economic and regulatory policy. Wall Street already started showing the benefits at the end of the fourth quarter, and shares of Jefferies’s parent, Leucadia National Corp., have surged 40% since the election. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: Jefferies, Bellwether for Big Banks, Rides Trading to Profit Goldman, Morgan Stanley Signal London Job Moves Ahead of Brexit And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Old Mutual Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Zacks: Old Mutual Plc (ODMTY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Old Mutual Plc (NASDAQ:ODMTY) has received an average broker rating score of 0.00 () from the one brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a strong buy recommendation. Zacks has also given Old Mutual Plc an industry rank of 86 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Old Mutual Plc from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Old Mutual Plc (NASDAQ:ODMTY) opened at 21.97 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $21.12 and its 200-day moving average price is $20.74. Old Mutual Plc has a 12-month low of $18.71 and a 12-month high of $23.11. Your IP Address: Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Old Mutual Plc (ODMTY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Old Mutual Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Analysts Set Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) PT at $67.15 Next » China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayerische Motoren Werke AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) PT Lowered to $25.00 at Barclays PLC BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Upgraded to “Buy” at Deutsche Bank AG DA Davidson Initiates Coverage on Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Credit Suisse Group AG Boosts Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Price Target to $35.00 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Barclays PLC Entergy Co. (ETR) Lifted to “Outperform” at Wells Fargo & Co Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Downgraded by Boenning Scattergood Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Rating Increased to Positive at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) Rating Increased to Outperform at Macquarie East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Lowered to “Underperform” at Citigroup Inc SRS Capital Advisors Inc. Takes Position in U.S. Bancorp (USB) CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Stake Raised by Two Sigma Investments LP ConocoPhillips (COP) Shares Bought by STA Wealth Management LLC Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Invests $277,000 in KB Home (KBH) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Reduces Stake in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $3,733,000 Stake in Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Huntsman Co. (HUN) Position Cut by Guggenheim Capital LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 375,801 Shares of Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) AQR Capital Management LLC Raises Position in HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Position Decreased by AQR Capital Management LLC Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €83.00 Price Target March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) has been assigned a €83.00 ($89.25) price target by research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. BMW has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Barclays PLC set a €103.00 ($110.75) target price on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €77.00 ($82.80) target price on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Morgan Stanley set a €78.00 ($83.87) target price on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €93.00 ($100.00) target price on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, equinet AG set a €96.00 ($103.23) target price on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Bayerische Motoren Werke AG has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €88.40 ($95.05). Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) opened at 81.663 on Wednesday. Bayerische Motoren Werke AG has a 52-week low of €63.42 and a 52-week high of €91.67. The company’s 50-day moving average is €84.93 and its 200 day moving average is €82.66. The company has a market cap of €53.64 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 7.750. Your IP Address: About Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Bayerische Motoren Werke AG is a Germany-based automobile and motorcycle manufacturer. It divides its activities into four segments: Automobiles, Motorcycles, Financial Services and Other Entities. The Automotive segment develops, manufactures, assembles and sells cars and off-road vehicles under the brands BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce as well as spare parts and accessories. Receive News & Ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Arrow Global Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by research analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. They presently have a GBX 384 ($4.74) price target on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 20.38% from the company’s current price. ARW has been the topic of a number of other reports. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 405 ($5.00) price target on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Peel Hunt reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 340 ($4.20) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research note on Monday, December 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 330 ($4.08) to GBX 350 ($4.32) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Macquarie boosted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.14) to GBX 350 ($4.32) and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 373.17 ($4.61). Shares of Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) opened at 319.00 on Wednesday. Arrow Global Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 168.66 and a 52-week high of GBX 339.18. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 315.55 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 298.95. The firm’s market cap is GBX 556.25 million. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a dividend of GBX 6.40 ($0.08) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 8th. This is a boost from Arrow Global Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. This represents a dividend yield of 1.97%. Your IP Address: In other news, insider Robert Memmott sold 135,086 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 324 ($4.00), for a total transaction of £437,678.64 ($540,544.20). Insiders have bought 150 shares of company stock worth $47,700 over the last three months. About Arrow Global Group PLC Arrow Global Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based purchaser and manager of debt that uses data and analytics to acquire and manage debt portfolios from financial institutions and other credit providers. The Company is a provider of receivable management solutions. The Company is engaged in the purchase and collection of non-performing loans (NPLs). Receive News & Ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Jefferies Group LLC Increases Amec Foster Wheeler PLC (AMFW) Price Target to GBX 414 Next » Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Cut by Seaport Global Securities Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Colorado Springs Independent Thursday, March 23, 2017 Home News Music Food/Drink Culture Columns SimpliCity Calendar Weed Special Issues Classifieds Contact Browse Books Home Page Reader Recommendations Browse Home Previous Issues Order Reprints Browse News News Homepage The Wire IndyBlog Submit a News Tip Get Involved Archives Browse Columns Columns Home Page City Sage Good Dirt Street Smarts Hightower Trump Tracker Between the Lines Queer & There Letters Free Will Astrology Your Turn Reverb End Zone Advice Goddess Semi-Native Archives Browse Food/Drink Food/Drink Home Page Food & Drink Events Happy Hours Restaurant Search Bar Search Archives Browse Music Music Home Page Playing Around Listings Big Gigs Venue Listings Archives Browse Calendar Calendar Home Page Get Involved Browse Special Issues Give! Guide 2016 Best Of 2016 Best Of 2016 Vol. II InSider Inclusion Awards ReLeaf Dish Bites Indy Music Awards Fall Arts Preview Summer Guide Summer Camp Guide Education Guide SimpliCITY Browse the Archives Browse Classifieds Real Estate for Sale Rentals Services Marketplace Employment Automotive Body and Soul Entertainment Notices Browse Weed MMJ Home Page IndyWeed Releaf - Special Issue Medical Marijuana on Indyblog MMJ Centers Browse SimpliCity Simplicity Homepage Browse Culture Culture Section Visual Arts Performing Arts The List Film Times Today in Colorado Springs Culture Listings Dance Performances Stage Listings Visual Arts Listings Event Listings Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Tweet Reddit Email Print Favorite Saving… Share March 22, 2017 Columns » Hightower Missing: Trump's working stiffs  LowDown By Jim Hightower Tools Favorite Saving… Custom List Loading… Comments President Donald Trump and his new blue-ribbon panel of working-class champions have announced a bold initiative to create millions of American jobs. A spokesman for that hand-picked panel, Steve Schwarzman, praised Trump as a leader who wants to "do things a lot better in our country, for all Americans." Wait a minute... Steve Schwarzman? Isn't he a billionaire hedge-fund huckster on Wall Street? Yes — and Holy Money Bags! — there's Jamie Dimon, head of scandal-ridden JPMorgan Chase. Working-class champions? Trump's whole "jobs" panel is made up of Wall Street banksters and corporate powers like Walmart that instead are notorious for laying off and ripping off workers. Trump-the-candidate fulminated against such moneyed elites, calling them "responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class." But now, in a spectacular flip-flop as president, he has brought these robbers directly inside his presidency, asking them to be architects of his economic strategy. He’s brought these robbers directly inside his presidency. click to tweet Worse, he's doing this in the name of helping workers. Hello!!! To develop policies beneficial to working stiffs, bring in some working stiffs! But not a single labor advocate is on his policy council, in his Cabinet, or anywhere near his White House. Thus, the so-called "job-creation plan" announced by Trump and his corporate cohorts doesn't create any jobs, but calls instead for — Ta-dah! — deregulating Wall Street. The truth is, these flim-flammers actually want us rubes to believe that "freeing" banksters to return to casino-style speculation and consumer scams will give them more money that they "can" invest in American jobs. Do they think we have sucker wrappers around our heads? Trump's scheme will let banks make a killing, but it doesn't require them to invest in jobs — so they won't. There's a name for this: Fraud. You can contact Hightower at jimhightower.com. More Hightower » Tweet He’s brought these robbers directly inside his presidency. Speaking of Donald Trump, politics Beyond Mammy, Jezebel + Sapphire: Reclaiming Images of Black Women comes to I.D.E.A Space at Colorado College Mar 22, 2017 Beware the Gazette after blatant editorials, mistakes Mar 22, 2017 Local HUD funding is in peril under new administration Mar 22, 2017 The fourth estate is in peril Mar 22, 2017 The environmental movement born out of Standing Rock Mar 22, 2017 Transitioning early is beneficial for transgender children Mar 22, 2017 More » Tags: Hightower, Donald Trump, politics Readers also liked… The great big Postal Service lie Sep 21, 2016 Hello, Congress: Meet your poverty-wage food servers Aug 5, 2015 Poor, pitiful CEOs Aug 12, 2015 Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread More by Jim Hightower A president on the brink Mar 15, 2017 Toward a true people's agenda Mar 8, 2017 Putting food policy back on the table Mar 8, 2017 More » Current Issue Digital IssueMarch 22-28, 2017 This Week Previous Issues Slideshows We Are The Youth If bigger means better, local Women's March was the best in Springs history The things they carry Kinder Realm hosts kids' contest with an impressive prize ↑ ↓ All Slideshows Latest in Hightower A president on the brink LowDown by Jim Hightower Mar 15, 2017 Toward a true people's agenda LowDown by Jim Hightower Mar 8, 2017 More » COLORADO SPRINGS INDEPENDENT: Home | Jobs @ the Indy | Privacy Policy | Advertising | Order Reprints | Subscribe | Find a Newsstand | Comment Policy | Contact Us | RSS All content © Copyright 2017, The Colorado Springs Independent Website powered by Foundation
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Phoenix Group Holdings - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Price Target at $17.20 Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Upgrades International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) to “Buy” Heineken Nv Spon (HEINY) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research GameStop Corp. (GME) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital The Wharf Holdings Limited (0004) Declares Dividend of $0.20 Brokerages Set Chimera Investment Co. (CIM) PT at $16.63 Pacific Crest Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada TRANSAT AT’s (TRZ) “Sector Perform” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Enduro Royalty Trust (NDRO) Increases Dividend to $0.04 Per Share Roth Capital Analysts Give BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) a $5.00 Price Target Short Interest in iShares Barclays 1-3 Year Credit Bond Fd (CSJ) Declines By 74.2% Lumentum Holdings Inc (LITE) Shares Up 6.2% After Analyst Upgrade Traders Sell Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) on Strength Following Insider Selling Zacks: Strattec Security Corp. (STRT) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Analysts Assembly Biosciences Inc (ASMB) Receives Average Rating of “” from Brokerages QAD Inc. (QADB) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Sunrun Inc (RUN) Price Target at $10.43 Scotiabank Reiterates “$62.00” Price Target for Halliburton Company (HAL) Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) Price Target Increased to GBX 875 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX) had its price target boosted by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 835 ($10.31) to GBX 875 ($10.81) in a report issued on Wednesday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG’s target price indicates a potential upside of 10.41% from the stock’s current price. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on Phoenix Group Holdings from GBX 793 ($9.79) to GBX 826 ($10.20) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Canaccord Genuity upped their price objective on Phoenix Group Holdings from GBX 800 ($9.88) to GBX 840 ($10.37) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Numis Securities Ltd restated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 785 ($9.69) price objective on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research note on Monday. Barclays PLC restated an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 673 ($8.31) price objective on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Berenberg Bank upgraded Phoenix Group Holdings to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from GBX 759 ($9.37) to GBX 821 ($10.14) in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 820 ($10.13). Shares of Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX) opened at 792.50 on Wednesday. Phoenix Group Holdings has a 1-year low of GBX 610.22 and a 1-year high of GBX 817.48. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.81 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 775.18 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 743.09. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 30th will be paid a GBX 23.90 ($0.30) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 30th. This represents a yield of 3%. Your IP Address: In other Phoenix Group Holdings news, insider Henry Staunton purchased 38,334 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 23rd. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 731 ($9.03) per share, for a total transaction of £280,221.54 ($346,080.70). Also, insider Wendy Mayall purchased 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 14th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 761 ($9.40) per share, with a total value of £76,100 ($93,985.43). Insiders acquired a total of 48,383 shares of company stock valued at $35,669,733 in the last quarter. About Phoenix Group Holdings Phoenix Group Holdings is a specialist closed life assurance fund consolidator that specializes in the management and acquisition of closed life and pension funds. The Company operates through the Phoenix Life segment. The Phoenix Life segment provides a range of whole life, term assurance and pension products. Receive News & Ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer Motoren Werk - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer Motoren Werk with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 202 Shares in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Acquired by Empirical Finance LLC Facebook Inc (FB) Stake Decreased by Telemark Asset Management LLC Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Position Reduced by Baldwin Investment Management LLC SemGroup Corp (SEMG) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Trims Balfour Beatty plc (BBY) Target Price to GBX 273 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Sell Rating for J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc J. Goldman & Co LP Invests $12,658,000 in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) CFO Sells $1,015,062.36 in Stock Opes Advisors Inc Buys New Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Position Boosted by Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Perennial Advisors LLC Takes Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) Quaker Capital Investments LLC Has $3,531,000 Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Pinnacle Associates Ltd. Boosts Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Position Increased by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Fmr LLC Acquires 339,000 Shares of Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Fmr LLC Boosts Stake in Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Caldwell & Orkin Inc. Has $2,208,000 Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) is LaSalle Street Capital Management LLC’s 2nd Largest Position Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by CWA Asset Management Group LLC Morgan Stanley Reiterates Neutral Rating for Bayer Motoren Werk (BAMXY) March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Bayer Motoren Werk (OTCMKTS:BAMXY)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by stock analysts at Morgan Stanley in a research note issued on Monday. BAMXY has been the topic of several other reports. Berenberg Bank reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Bayer Motoren Werk in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. Nord/LB reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Bayer Motoren Werk in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Bayer Motoren Werk in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Bayer Motoren Werk in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy”. Shares of Bayer Motoren Werk (OTCMKTS:BAMXY) opened at 24.54 on Monday. Bayer Motoren Werk has a 1-year low of $23.78 and a 1-year high of $36.83. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $26.72 and a 200-day moving average price of $29.06. Your IP Address: Receive News & Ratings for Bayer Motoren Werk Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer Motoren Werk and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Business Jobs General Notice Personal Finance | Business Leader Awards Speed Networking features new investors 8:30 AM American woman jailed in connection with Jamaican-based lottery fraud scheme 8:00 AM PM announces NHT grants for disabled persons 7:54 AM Islamic State claims British parliament attack 7:45 AM Students must be guided to choose careers 7:36 AM US spy agencies monitored Trump team communications 9:57 PM Clarendon communities to benefit from UNDP support 9:49 PM Health ministry launches Sealant Programme for children 9:22 PM Scottish parliament suspends independence vote debate 9:06 PM New coach appointed for Sunshine Girls 8:23 PM Shaw says GCT on group health insurance deductible from companies' income tax filings 8:04 PM Windies series vital for morale, says skipper Sarfraz 7:18 PM O-WRAP: Budget approved... 4 dead in UK 'terror attack'... Grace corned beef suppliers not investigated 7:00 PM National Identification and Registration Authority Bill tabled 6:40 PM House approves 2017/18 budget despite Opposition walkout 6:20 PM Brazil tries to rescue meat industry from scandal 6:10 PM Stephen Price to head Flow Jamaica 5:27 PM Gas prices up $1.38, diesel down $0.11 5:22 PM Forex: J$128.35 to one US dollar 5:12 PM Ministry says no evidence of lead in curry sold locally 5:00 PM #BudgetDebate: Shaw chides Phillips over 'transferring wealth from rich to poor' comment 4:42 PM #BudgetDebate: Opposition walks out of Parliament 4:26 PM Eiffel Tower to go dark at midnight for London victims 4:18 PM GraceKennedy says Brazilian corned beef suppliers not under investigation 4:05 PM Holness to address Grenada's ruling party convention 3:39 PM Business David Rockefeller, last grandchild of John D Rockefeller, is dead Wednesday, March 22, 2017     Tweet NEW YORK, United States (AFP) — Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and a luminary in political circles, died Monday at the age of 101, a spokesman said. He died in his sleep due to congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, just north of New York City, spokesman Fraser Seitel said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D Rockefeller, Forbes magazine ranked David Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires released Monday, estimating his fortune at US$3.3 billion. He led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s, and his accomplishments included opening the first Moscow offices of an American bank and the first in mainland China after President Richard Nixon’s 1972 visit there. He also oversaw the growth of Chase Manhattan’s operations in the Middle East, Latin America and Japan, Seitel said. Rockefeller also was well known in political circles in the United States and overseas, where he encountered heads of states from close to 100 countries and was known as an outspoken champion of American capitalism. He was offered the post of treasury secretary by presidents Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon, but turned both men down, the New York Times reported. Rockefeller famously helped persuade then-president Carter to allow the Shah of Iran into the United States for cancer treatment in 1979. The move was widely seen as spurring the Iranian revolution led by the Islamic fundamentalist Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. FAMILY TRADITION OF PHILANTHROPY Born in 1915, Rockefeller grew up in a mansion in Manhattan and attended Harvard College and then the University of Chicago, where he received a PhD in economics. He enlisted in the Army and served during World War II in North Africa and southwestern France. The French government awarded him the Legion of Honour with the rank of Chevalier in 1945. Rockefeller joined Chase National Bank in 1946 as an assistant manager in the foreign department before subsequently overseeing the bank’s business in Latin America. He became co-chief executive in 1961 and later sole chief executive before retiring in 1981. Rockefeller, along with brother Nelson, who was governor of New York state and later vice-president under Gerald Ford, helped lead the development of the World Trade Center in the 1960s and 1970s in lower Manhattan. The Twin Towers were dubbed in the press “David” and “Nelson.” The move continued a family tradition that had included the family’s efforts to spur the building of Rockefeller Center during the Great Depression. Among his other most important civic roles, Rockefeller served as chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations and executive committee chair of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother founded. Rockefeller Foundation President Rajiv Shah said in a statement, “The world has lost a great man and philanthropist.” Former president George HW Bush praised Rockefeller as “one of the most generous philanthropists” whose “keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable advisor to presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included”. Former president Bill Clinton hailed Rockefeller as “a consummate businessman, a great humanitarian, and a serious scholar”. Rockefeller’s grandfather was one of the original American “robber baron” tycoons of the 19th and early 20th centuries, employing brass-knuckles business tactics to build his oil empire before the US Supreme Court ruled in 1911 that his Standard Oil company should be broken up. Today’s oil giants, including ExxonMobil and Chevron, are descendants of Standard Oil. Ironically, Rockefeller philanthropic organisations have strongly supported action on climate change policy, putting them at odds with oil companies like ExxonMobil. They also provide financing to research and journalism groups that accused the oil giant of knowingly supporting propaganda by questioning the science of climate change. The Rockefeller family has been active in philanthropy since patriarch John D Rockefeller, who funded medical research and higher education programmes. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller University and Harvard are each expected to receive some US$100 million upon the death of David Rockefeller, according to the magazine Inside Philanthropy. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES Price to head FLOW Jamaica; says building on agreed 2017 strategy a major focus Itelbpo donates playground to Blossom Gardens Scotiabank confirms upcoming job losses US dollar investment limits need review — securities dealers Jamaican happiness slips for 2015-2016 period Build Expo & Conference 2017 for MoBay in June Renfrew’s ‘topping out’ signals final stage of New Kingston hotel Corned beef distributors to investigate Brazilian meat Engineer makes case for building up construction training Case up and Barclay out at First Global Yes, you can you measure marketing communications results! The DOs and DON’Ts of investing in the financial markets Improving trade facilitating while promoting compliance The regulation of banking fees and customer service Rags, not riches, defining Africa’s urban explosion Brazilian meat health inspector: ‘I’m a carnivore’ Rio to pay late salaries with impounded corruption money Bill Gates again world’s richest man; Trump slips David Rockefeller, last grandchild of John D Rockefeller, is dead Goldman Sachs to move London jobs abroad due to Brexit ADVERTISEMENT Poll Do you support the Gov’t giving US$200,000 towards staging the Racers Grand Prix 2017?  Yes No View Results » ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Luxoft Holding Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Luxoft Holding Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Myokardia Inc (MYOK) Insider Sells 667 Shares of Stock Andrew Koven Sells 7,025 Shares of Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) Stock Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) CEO Sells $112,365.00 in Stock Harry Fleming Purchases 25,000 Shares of Nobilis Health Corp (NHC) Stock Gerald K. Carlson Sells 12,000 Shares of Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Stock Insider Buying: PJT Partners Inc (PJT) Chairman Buys 16,500 Shares of Stock Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Major Shareholder Credit Opportunit Bluemountain Sells 115,438 Shares Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class A (OSG) Major Shareholder Bluemountain Capital Managemen Sells 65,253 Shares Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Luxoft Holding Inc (NYSE:LXFT) have earned an average rating of “Hold” from the ten research firms that are covering the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12-month target price among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $65.71. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Luxoft Holding from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Cantor Fitzgerald reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $55.00 price target on shares of Luxoft Holding in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Wedbush raised Luxoft Holding from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $62.00 to $67.00 in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Cowen and Company raised Luxoft Holding from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $65.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, December 19th. Your IP Address: Luxoft Holding (NYSE:LXFT) opened at 57.60 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $1.91 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.65 and a beta of 1.52. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $58.32 and a 200 day moving average price of $55.40. Luxoft Holding has a 1-year low of $46.58 and a 1-year high of $66.18. Luxoft Holding (NYSE:LXFT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The company reported $0.82 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.01. Luxoft Holding had a return on equity of 22.83% and a net margin of 8.80%. The business had revenue of $206.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $207.73 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.72 EPS. Luxoft Holding’s quarterly revenue was up 20.4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Luxoft Holding will post $2.89 earnings per share for the current year. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of LXFT. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Luxoft Holding by 10.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,023,053 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,918,000 after buying an additional 194,848 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of Luxoft Holding by 28.2% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 1,866,339 shares of the company’s stock worth $98,636,000 after buying an additional 410,593 shares in the last quarter. Wasatch Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of Luxoft Holding by 11.0% in the third quarter. Wasatch Advisors Inc. now owns 1,750,597 shares of the company’s stock worth $92,519,000 after buying an additional 172,807 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Luxoft Holding by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,523,626 shares of the company’s stock worth $85,627,000 after buying an additional 58,976 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nordea Investment Management AB raised its stake in shares of Luxoft Holding by 31.0% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 809,301 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,772,000 after buying an additional 191,344 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 91.04% of the company’s stock. About Luxoft Holding Luxoft Holding, Inc is a provider of software development services and information technology solutions to a client base consisting of multinational corporations. The Company’s software development services consist of custom software development and support, product engineering and testing, and technology consulting. Receive News & Ratings for Luxoft Holding Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Luxoft Holding Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Limited time offer, subscribe & save 25% Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Terror attack on UK parliament leaves 5 dead and 40 injured Westminster attacker was British born and known to MI5, May says Barnier warns UK of queues and shortages if Brexit talks fail Tillerson was ‘stunned’ to be offered US secretary of state job Trump’s relations with Moscow come under deeper scrutiny US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Tillerson was ‘stunned’ to be offered US secretary of state job Trump’s relations with Moscow come under deeper scrutiny How will the laptop ban affect airline passengers? Howard Schultz for US president? Trumponomics is unlikely to sustain the bull market Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Deutsche slips in European investment bank rankings Ivankanomics and the art of being cheap US bank bosses warn on London jobs as Brexit approaches Amazon to acquire Middle Eastern online retailer Souq.com Disparity between US and UK airline curbs baffles experts Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read European markets join selling as Trump trade falters Why are investors on edge over Trump’s healthcare vote? Stocks sell-off is not alarming but does point to doubts Wall Street stabilises after steep sell-off Fine wine and copper bound by China link Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read How uncertainty became the ‘new normal’ for Mexico A Franco-German bargain to save Europe Howard Schultz for US president? Trumponomics is unlikely to sustain the bull market Macron misses his moment in French debate Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read British business will need its foreign language speakers Indian students turn away from US and UK business schools Robert Kelly’s children remind us how pompous we are at work Stoicism is having a moment in the robot revolution Overqualified applicants will be your best hires Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How China ended the era of western domination Ivankanomics and the art of being cheap Is your commute worth the pain? The real cost of getting to work What India’s colonial legacy tells us about Brexit Yuval Noah Harari on the future according to Facebook Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close World Add to myFT Biggest markets fall since Trump election, how the taxman is stifling Big Marijuana, and can a gif be a deadly weapon? Wall Street concerns over US president’s pro-business agenda trigger rush for financial havens FirstFT Read next The World Terror attack on UK parliament day 2 – Live updated Thursday, 23 March, 2017 Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save March 22, 2017 by: Mercedes Ruehl, Neil Munshi and Fiona Symon Sign up to receive FirstFT by email here Stock markets suffered their worst falls since the election of Donald Trump as Wall Street worries about the prospects for the US president’s pro-business agenda triggered a rush for financial havens. US markets led the declines, with the benchmark S&P 500 index tumbling 1.2 per cent and breaking a run of 109 trading days without a drop of 1 per cent or more. The selling continued in Europe in early Wednesday trade. London’s FTSE 100 fell 1 per cent and Frankfurt’s Xetra Dax 30 was 0.9 per cent weaker. The tumble came as inter-party divisions jeopardised Mr Trump’s effort to repeal Obamacare, the largest initiative so far in his presidency. In a visit to Capitol Hill on Tuesday, Mr Trump cranked up the pressure on lawmakers, warning that “the danger of your not voting for the bill is people could lose their seats”, according to Walter Jones, a member of the House of Representatives. (FT, NYT) In the news Trump budget opposition grows As the US president and his advisers press for bone-deep cuts to the federal budget, Republican governors have rapidly emerged as an influential bloc of opposition. They have complained to the White House about reductions they see as harmful or arbitrary, and they plan to pressure members of Congress from their states to oppose them. (NYT) Electronics flight ban explained First the US, then the UK and now other countries such as Canada, Italy and France are evaluating a ban on large electronic devices on flights from a number of Middle East and North African countries. Business travellers are not happy and aviation experts are divided on the effectiveness of the measures and have suggested there are economic motivations at play. The FT answers the main questions on how the ban will affect passengers. (FT, Globe&Mail, WSJ, Al Jazeera) Setback for Baidu’s AI ambitions Andrew Ng is to leave Baidu after three years as its chief scientist, dealing a blow to the Chinese tech group’s artificial intelligence ambitions. Mr Ng’s looming departure in April comes as the search engine group has increasingly focused on AI, with chief executive Robin Li earlier this year describing the technology as Baidu’s “key strategic focus for the next decade”. (FT) Bank rankings: who’s up, who’s down? Deutsche Bank slipped in global investment bank rankings while JPMorgan retained the crown as the world’s biggest by revenue in the global investment bank league data from industry monitor Coalition. Separately, US bank bosses have warned they have begun to firm up plans to uproot jobs from London ahead of Brexit. (FT) Missile failure North Korea attempted to conduct a missile launch on Wednesday but the South Korean military says it failed. The US military had expected Pyongyang to launch another missile this week after it increased its surveillance over the communist country. (CNBC, WaPo) Low blow The US is preparing to file criminal charges against financier Jho Low in the Malaysian 1MDB scandal — which could be one of the world’s largest financial frauds. (WSJ) Akzo Nobel rebuffs PPG Dutch paint and chemicals firm Akzo Nobel said it had rejected a sweetened $24.19bn takeover proposal from rival PPG Industries, continuing the transatlantic stand-off between the two industrial giants. (WSJ) Appetite for coal-fired power wanes The world’s hunger for new coal power plants has slumped, improving the chance of averting the most dangerous levels of global warming. In China and India, home to 86 per cent of the world’s coal-fired power stations built in the past decade, construction of new projects has been frozen at more than 100 sites, the Sierra Club, Greenpeace and other groups say in a report published on Wednesday. (FT) It’s a big day for Jerusalem The ancient shrine revered since the Roman era as the place where Jesus was laid to rest is set to reopen to the public on Wednesday after a year-long, internationally-funded restoration. (FT) Fighting Isis US secretary of state Rex Tillerson will host a 68-nation meeting in Washington over two days. The coalition foreign ministers will determine the next move in defeating Isis in the remaining areas it holds in Iraq and Syria. (Reuters) Keep up with the important business, economic and political stories in the coming days with the FT’s Week Ahead. Food for thought Odd couple doomed to co-operation However contrasting the US and China appear, they do share interests and maintaining an open world economy is one, writes Martin Wolf. “It is surreal that we depend on a Chinese communist to persuade a US president of the merits of liberal global trade. Yet today’s desperate times require such desperate measures.” (FT) The taxman and Big Marijuana Pot is legal in many US states, but federal tax rules are stifling its revenue potential and preventing the industry from moving fully out of the shadows. (FT) Saudi oil market supremacy falters The kingdom is losing its grip on big oil markets amid a deep production cut that has reshaped trade routes and benefited rivals like Iran, Russia and the US. As it pursues a steep production cut aimed at putting a floor under oil prices, the world’s biggest crude exporter is deliberately conceding ground to American shale producers and hastening a retreat from the US as it looks instead to Asia for growth. (WSJ) Animated gif ‘can be deadly’ A Grand Jury in Texas has accepted that an animated gif counts as a deadly weapon when it’s used with the intention of inducing an epileptic seizure. The strobing gif was sent to a journalist via Twitter. Police located the suspect by tracing his throwaway mobile number and Twitter handle back to link them to his iCloud account. (The Verge) Video of the day Are markets ignoring political risk? The FT’s Roger Blitz and Valentijn van Nieuwenhuijzen of NN Investment Partners explain how policy uncertainty might be high but good data are more important for markets. Markets are not ignoring political risks — they are pricing them in segments. (FT) Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest in World The World Terror attack on UK parliament day 2 – Live updated Thursday, 23 March, 2017 FirstFT London attacker known to MI5, airline laptop confusion and the business of brows Thursday, 23 March, 2017 Chinese cinemas punished for box office fraud Thursday, 23 March, 2017 Westminster attacker was UK born and known to MI5 Thursday, 23 March, 2017 Hindu cleric launches moral crackdown in Indian state Thursday, 23 March, 2017 Read latest The World Terror attack on UK parliament day 2 – Live updated Thursday, 23 March, 2017 Latest in World Add to myFT Latest from FirstFT Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article FirstFT Add to myFT Global Economy Add to myFT Companies Add to myFT Markets Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Neil Munshi Add to myFT Mercedes Ruehl Add to myFT Siona Jenkins Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Johnson Matthey PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys Shares of 217,936 Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd (OR) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys New Position in Hyster-Yale Materials Handling Inc (HY) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $1,138,000 Stake in COMSCORE, Inc. (SCOR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. (UVE) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Decreases Stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $1,095,000 Stake in Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (LBAI) Universal Technical Institute, Inc. (UTI) Major Shareholder Sells $1,702,857.87 in Stock Morgan Stanley Downgrades ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) to Underweight Deutsche Bank AG Upgrades Teck Resources Ltd (TECK) to Buy Ultra Petroleum Corp. (UPL) Bonds Rise 1.3% During Trading Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (HOS) Debt Trading 1.8% Higher Barclays PLC (BCS) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley Reaffirms Underweight Rating for Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Rating Increased to Outperform at Credit Suisse Group AG Caleres Inc (CAL) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Director Sells $2,563,350.00 in Stock Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated (CORT) Director Sells $2,683,352.70 in Stock MiX Telematics Ltd – (MIXT) Receives $8.50 Average Target Price from Analysts Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Receives $13.99 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance Tweet Johnson Matthey PLC (LON:JMAT)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by equities research analysts at Liberum Capital in a research note issued on Monday. They presently have a GBX 3,400 ($41.99) price target on the stock. Liberum Capital’s price target points to a potential upside of 14.94% from the stock’s current price. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 3,450 ($42.61) target price on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 3,653 ($45.12) target price on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Berenberg Bank reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 3,350 ($41.37) target price on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research note on Friday, December 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 3,200 ($39.52) target price on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Barclays PLC assumed coverage on Johnson Matthey PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a GBX 3,380 ($41.74) target price on the stock. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 3,348.30 ($41.35). Johnson Matthey PLC (LON:JMAT) opened at 2960.44 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 3,067.84 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 3,203.22. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 5.68 billion. Johnson Matthey PLC has a one year low of GBX 2,645.40 and a one year high of GBX 3,568.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/21/liberum-capital-reiterates-hold-rating-for-johnson-matthey-plc-jmat.html. In related news, insider Nicholas Garner acquired 12 shares of Johnson Matthey PLC stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 3,116 ($38.48) per share, with a total value of £373.92 ($461.80). Insiders have bought 36 shares of company stock worth $110,952 over the last ninety days. About Johnson Matthey PLC Receive News & Ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows 9News This Morning Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award SFN Player of the Week Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map THE INVESTIGATORS: Texas contractor skips out on Baton Rouge home repairs WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards By KEN SWEET AP Business Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. "Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs," said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase's upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:21 GMT Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin.More >> Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin.More >> GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:09 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:10 GMT A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters. More >> A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters.More >> Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died.More >> Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died.More >> Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city.More >> Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city.More >> Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids.More >> Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids More >> Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioidsMore >> Spying claim by Intel chair renews fight over Russia probe Spying claim by Intel chair renews fight over Russia probe The chairman of the House intelligence committee says President Donald Trump's communications may have been "monitored" during the transition period in an "incidental collection.". More >> The chairman of the House intelligence committee says President Donald Trump's communications may have been "monitored" during the transition period in an "incidental collection.".More >> Police: White sword killer went to NY to attack black people Police: White sword killer went to NY to attack black people Police say a white man accused of stabbing a black man to death with a sword in New York told investigators he traveled to the media capital of the world to make a statement and attack black people More >> Police say a white man accused of stabbing a black man to death with a sword in New York told investigators he traveled to the media capital of the world to make a statement and attack black peopleMore >> AP Exclusive: Before Trump job, Manafort worked to aid Putin AP Exclusive: Before Trump job, Manafort worked to aid Putin The Associated Press has learned that before campaign manager Paul Manafort signed up with Donald Trump, he secretly worked for a Russian billionaire with a plan to "greatly benefit the Putin Government." More >> The Associated Press has learned that before campaign manager Paul Manafort signed up with Donald Trump, he secretly worked for a Russian billionaire with a plan to "greatly benefit the Putin Government."More >> Leaders need votes for health bill on eve of House showdown Leaders need votes for health bill on eve of House showdown President Donald Trump and Republican leaders are lobbying recalcitrant GOP lawmakers to back their health care overhaul More >> President Donald Trump and Republican leaders are lobbying recalcitrant GOP lawmakers to back their health care overhaulMore >> Trump feels 'somewhat' vindicated after Nunes intel briefing Trump feels 'somewhat' vindicated after Nunes intel briefing President Donald Trump says he feels "somewhat" vindicated by statements by the House Intelligence chairman on the legal and incidental surveillance of the president and Trump transition officials More >> President Donald Trump says he feels "somewhat" vindicated by statements by the House Intelligence chairman on the legal and incidental surveillance of the president and Trump transition officialsMore >> Supreme Court pick parries Democrats' attacks on last day Supreme Court pick parries Democrats' attacks on last day On a glide path toward confirmation, Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch declared Wednesday that "when you put on the robe, you open your mind" as he faced a final day of questions from the Senate Judiciary Committee More >> On a glide path toward confirmation, Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch declared Wednesday that "when you put on the robe, you open your mind" as he faced a final day of questions from the Senate Judiciary CommitteeMore >> No new threat led to airline laptop limits, officials say No new threat led to airline laptop limits, officials say U.S. and British officials said Tuesday the decision to bar laptops and tablets from the cabins of some international flights wasn't based on a specific threat but on longstanding concerns about terrorists targeting jetliners More >> U.S. and British officials said Tuesday the decision to bar laptops and tablets from the cabins of some international flights wasn't based on a specific threat but on longstanding concerns about terrorists targeting jetlinersMore >> AP Interview: McConnell rejects Trump's foreign aid cuts AP Interview: McConnell rejects Trump's foreign aid cuts AP Interview: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is shooting down prospects for major parts of President Donald Trump's budget, rejecting proposed cuts to foreign aid and medical research More >> AP Interview: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is shooting down prospects for major parts of President Donald Trump's budget, rejecting proposed cuts to foreign aid and medical researchMore >> Trump signs bill authorizing NASA funding, Mars exploration Trump signs bill authorizing NASA funding, Mars exploration President Donald Trump has signed into law a bill that adds exploration of Mars as a NASA goal More >> President Donald Trump has signed into law a bill that adds exploration of Mars as a NASA goalMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Belden Inc. (BDC) to “Hold” Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Monday. According to Zacks, “Belden Inc is engaged in the design, manufacture and retail of cable, connectivity, and networking products in markets including industrial automation, enterprise, transportation, infrastructure, and consumer electronics. The Company’s products find its application in the industrial automation, enterprise, education, healthcare, entertainment and broadcast, sound and security, transportation, infrastructure, consumer electronics and other industries. Belden has manufacturing capabilities in North America, Europe, and Asia, and a market presence in nearly every region of the world. Belden Inc is based in St. Louis, Missouri. “ Several other research analysts have also issued reports on BDC. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their price target on Belden from $86.00 to $80.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and issued a $83.00 price target on shares of Belden in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on Belden in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $85.00 price target on the stock. Drexel Hamilton initiated coverage on Belden in a research report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “hold” rating on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Belden in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 price target on the stock. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $81.71. Belden (NYSE:BDC) opened at 67.55 on Monday. Belden has a 52 week low of $54.97 and a 52 week high of $81.33. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $72.78 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.78. The stock has a market cap of $2.85 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.49 and a beta of 2.24. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.42 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.40 by $0.02. Belden had a return on equity of 20.29% and a net margin of 5.43%. The business had revenue of $612.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $616.10 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.63 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up .9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Belden will post $5.07 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 16th will be paid a dividend of $0.05 per share. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.30%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, March 14th. Belden’s payout ratio is presently 7.58%. Your IP Address: In related news, Director Judy L. Brown sold 9,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.50, for a total transaction of $688,500.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 13,268 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,015,002. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP Glenn Pennycook sold 6,306 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.86, for a total value of $459,455.16. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 18,343 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,336,470.98. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.37% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Belden during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $32,808,000. Putnam Investments LLC increased its stake in shares of Belden by 7.6% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 68,475 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,120,000 after buying an additional 4,862 shares during the last quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its stake in shares of Belden by 1,920.9% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 319,510 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,890,000 after buying an additional 303,700 shares during the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Belden by 56.4% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 286,399 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,414,000 after buying an additional 103,321 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Ellington Management Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Belden during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $209,000. Belden Company Profile Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Belden (BDC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cancer Genetics Inc (CGIX) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Next » Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) to Sell Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing A10 Networks Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued on Monday. According to Zacks, “A10 Networks, Inc. provides software based application networking solutions. Its solutions enable enterprises, service providers, Web giants, and government organizations to enhance, secure, and optimize the performance of their data center applications and networks. The company delivers its solutions on optimized hardware appliances and as virtual appliances across its Thunder Series and AX Series product families. A10 Networks, Inc. is headquartered in San Jose, California. “ Separately, Dougherty & Co increased their target price on shares of A10 Networks from $10.00 to $10.50 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $9.30. A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) opened at 9.23 on Monday. A10 Networks has a 12 month low of $5.61 and a 12 month high of $10.86. The company’s 50-day moving average is $9.09 and its 200-day moving average is $8.92. The stock’s market capitalization is $544.85 million. A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.02 by $0.01. A10 Networks had a negative net margin of 9.10% and a negative return on equity of 24.79%. The business had revenue of $64 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $60.87 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.06) earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 13.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that A10 Networks will post $0.11 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: In other news, VP Robert D. Cochran sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.56, for a total value of $42,800.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 122,228 shares in the company, valued at $1,046,271.68. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Lee Chen sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $9.16, for a total transaction of $229,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 10,939,788 shares in the company, valued at $100,208,458.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 80,000 shares of company stock worth $740,800. Insiders own 34.05% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in A10 Networks by 248.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,489,555 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,924,000 after buying an additional 1,062,097 shares during the last quarter. Divisar Capital Management LLC bought a new position in A10 Networks during the fourth quarter worth approximately $7,309,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in A10 Networks by 323.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 684,097 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,313,000 after buying an additional 522,447 shares during the last quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP boosted its position in A10 Networks by 229.9% in the third quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP now owns 543,396 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,809,000 after buying an additional 378,696 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in A10 Networks by 364.0% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 366,096 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,914,000 after buying an additional 287,196 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 54.05% of the company’s stock. About A10 Networks A10 Networks, Inc is a provider of application networking and network security technologies. The Company’s solutions enable enterprises, service providers, Web companies and government organizations to secure and optimize the performance of their data center applications, and secure their users, applications and infrastructure from Internet, Web and network threats at scale. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on A10 Networks (ATEN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for A10 Networks Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) to Sell Next » Roth Capital Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for TPI Composites Inc (TPIC) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Europe Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading German bank that loaned US$300m to Trump is linked to Russian money-laundering scam  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World›Europe Donald Trump Donald Trump German bank that loaned US$300m to Trump is linked to Russian money-laundering scam PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 22 March, 2017, 1:06pm UPDATED : Wednesday, 22 March, 2017, 1:06pm Comments:   The Guardian Share PrintEmail Related topics Donald Trump Related Articles United States & Canada Trump to visit ‘hellhole’ Brussels for meeting of ‘obsolete’ Nato 22 Mar 2017 United States & Canada Trump and NASA unified in goal of manned flight to Mars 22 Mar 2017 United States & Canada Fox News axes analyst Napolitano over Trump wiretapping claims 21 Mar 2017 A German bank that loaned US$300 million to Donald Trump played a prominent role in a money laundering scandal run by Russian criminals with ties to the Kremlin, the Guardian can reveal. Deutsche Bank is one of dozens of western financial institutions that processed at least US$20 billion – and possibly more – in money of “criminal origin” from Russia. The scheme, dubbed “the Global Laundromat”, ran from 2010 to 2014. Law enforcement agencies are investigating how a group of politically well-connected Russians were able to use UK-registered companies to launder billions of dollars in cash. The companies made fictitious loans to each other, underwritten by Russian businesses. The companies would default on these “debts”. Judges in Moldova then made court rulings enforcing judgments against the firms. This allowed Russian bank accounts to transfer huge sums to Moldova legally. From there, the money went to accounts in Latvia with Trasta Komercsbanka. Deutsche, Germany’s biggest lender, acted as a “correspondent bank” for Trasta until 2015. This meant Deutsche provided dollar-dominated services to Trasta’s non-resident Russian clients. This service was used to move money from Latvia to banks across the world. During this period many Wall Street banks got out of Latvia, citing concerns that the small Baltic country had become a centre for international money laundering, especially from neighbouring Russia. In 2013, and under US regulatory pressure, JP Morgan Chase ceased providing dollar clearing services to the country. From 2014, only two western lenders were willing to accept international dollar transfers from Latvian banks. They were Deutsche and Germany’s Commerzbank. Deutsche eventually withdrew correspondent services to Trasta Bank in September 2015. Six months later, Latvian regulators shut down the bank. They cited repeated violations, and said the bank had failed to deal with its money laundering risk. Latvia’s deputy finance minister, Maija Treija, said the money sent via Trasta was “either stolen or with criminal origin”. The defunct bank was being used as vehicle to get money out of the ex-Soviet Union and “into the EU financial system”, she added. Deutsche said it had significantly strengthened its systems and controls. It said that by the end of this year it will have hired more than 1,000 new staff in its compliance and anti-financial crime unit since 2015. It added: “The bank has comprehensively reviewed its client onboarding and know-your-client processes and where necessary is exiting higher risk client relationships and markets.” Commerzbank said it could not comment on its relationships with other banks. It said it put a high value on compliance. It said that suspicious transactions picked up during routine monitoring were reported to the authorities. Deutche Bank ended its relationship with Trasta soon after Latvia’s regulator issued a warning, it is understood. In August 2015, the Financial and Capital Markets Commission stopped all transactions above €100,000. Deutsche severed its relationship with the other key Laundromat bank - Moldova’s Moldindconbank – in 2012. Ties with Russia are a matter of acute sensitivity for Deutsche. In February, it emerged that Deutsche had secretly reviewed multiple loans made to President Trump by its private wealth division to see if there was a connection to Russia. Trump owes Deutsche about US$300million. Deutsche refused to comment on its internal review. Sources say the bank discovered no evidence of any Moscow link. That covers other members of the US president’s family who are also Deutsche clients. They include Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, her husband, Jared Kushner, and Kushner’s mother, Seryl Stadtmauer.   Most Popular Viewed 1 How China’s overseas property dream turned into a nightmare 2 Chinese QR code scams shine spotlight on consumer security 3 Tillerson warns of US military strike on North Korea 4 MTR to offer 3 per cent fare rebates and retain price formula 5 Hong Kong bans imports of Brazilian meat amid safety scandal Shared 1 How China’s overseas property dream turned into a nightmare 2 Chinese QR code scams shine spotlight on consumer security 3 MTR to offer 3 per cent fare rebates and retain price formula 4 Singapore, Hong Kong ranked world’s most expensive cities 5 Hong Kong bans imports of Brazilian meat amid safety scandal Commented 1 Hong Kong-raised model Mia Kang prepares for her muay thai debut 2 Do spicy foods cause stomach ulcers? The surprising truth 3 Tiffany Trump link has Shanghai’s Taoray Wang in fashion spotlight 4 How mushrooms might help fend off Alzheimer’s and other ailments 5 Nudism in 1932: Hong Kong in the buff       You may also like Insight & Opinion China has taken on Silicon Valley, and guess who is winning 20 Mar 2017 - 8:49pm 13 Smart-home control is at your fingertips In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Companies European Commission fines Cathay €57m for cargo surcharges 20 Mar 2017 - 11:00pm 9 Food & Drink Feng Wei Ju’s methodical approach 17 Mar 2017 - 2:43pm Hong Kong Poll front runners dodge June 4 issue in bruising debate 20 Mar 2017 - 9:31am 38 Hong Kong Hong Kong in danger of losing status as aviation hub, Qantas chief warns 20 Mar 2017 - 2:57pm 23 Society Meet the 105-year-old Filipino who inspired a film 19 Mar 2017 - 7:03am Society The Chinese stars grabbing global attention 19 Mar 2017 - 11:03am 3 Film & TV Hong Kong internet millionaire Kim Dotcom’s life hits the big screen 18 Mar 2017 - 7:30am 3 Hong Kong Meet the hero Hong Kong police officer who became a global sensation 18 Mar 2017 - 2:25pm 61 Opinion The dark side to Trump and Xi’s summit in the sun 20 Mar 2017 - 4:44pm 19 Insight & Opinion Another election in Hong Kong, another five years of the same 19 Mar 2017 - 5:37pm 8 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Innogy SE (IGY) PT Set at €36.50 by Commerzbank Ag Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €110.00 Price Target Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) PT Set at €15.00 by Barclays PLC HNZ Group Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (HNZ) HNZ Group Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (HNZ) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for SAP SE (SAP) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. Brokerages Set Applied Genetic Technologies Corp (AGTC) PT at $14.86 Brokerages Set AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) Price Target at $8.38 Brokerages Set Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Target Price at $189.14 Royal Bank of Canada Cuts Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Price Target to $13.00 Sanford C. Bernstein Reiterates €220.00 Price Target for LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €66.00 Price Target by Citigroup Inc Analysts TheStreet Upgrades Re/Max Holdings Inc (RMAX) to “B” Calpine Co. (CPN) Receives “Buy” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) PT Set at €10.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Offer Predictions for Approach Resources Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AREX) Cimarex Energy Co Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share (XEC) Celanese Co. (CE) Receives $83.75 Consensus PT from Brokerages Shire PLC (SHP) Receives GBX 6,110.31 Average Price Target from Analysts Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Upgraded to Hold by Vetr Inc. Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) was upgraded by equities researchers at Vetr from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a $231.00 price objective on the investment management company’s stock. Vetr‘s target price would indicate a potential downside of 0.86% from the stock’s current price. A number of other analysts have also weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Berenberg Bank lowered shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $140.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Compass Point assumed coverage on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $220.94. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) traded down 3.77% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $233.00. 5,660,889 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $245.30 and a 200 day moving average price of $213.54. The firm has a market cap of $96.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.31 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group has a 52-week low of $138.20 and a 52-week high of $255.15. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 18th. The investment management company reported $5.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $4.82 by $0.26. Goldman Sachs Group had a net margin of 24.17% and a return on equity of 9.78%. The company earned $8.17 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.80 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $4.68 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.17 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be given a $0.65 dividend. This represents a $2.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.12%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 28th. Goldman Sachs Group’s payout ratio is currently 15.89%. Your IP Address: In related news, Director James A. /Dc/ Johnson sold 11,600 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total value of $2,714,284.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 11,600 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,714,284. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Harvey M. Schwartz sold 25,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total transaction of $5,849,750.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 251,256 shares in the company, valued at approximately $58,791,391.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 128,590 shares of company stock valued at $30,926,594 over the last ninety days. 2.61% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 26.3% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 112,955 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $16,783,000 after buying an additional 23,529 shares during the period. First Mercantile Trust Co. increased its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 36.9% in the third quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 3,188 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $514,000 after buying an additional 860 shares during the period. Fisher Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 693.1% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 1,971,845 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $318,000,000 after buying an additional 1,723,214 shares during the period. First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division increased its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 13.2% in the third quarter. First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division now owns 10,972 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $1,770,000 after buying an additional 1,278 shares during the period. Finally, Culbertson A N & Co. Inc. increased its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 5.1% in the third quarter. Culbertson A N & Co. Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $4,705,000 after buying an additional 1,404 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is a bank holding company and a financial holding company. The Company operates through four segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. The Company’s Investment Banking segment provides financial advisory services, which include advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, spin-offs and risk management. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Hoya Corp (HOCPY) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Next » General Dynamics Co. (GD) Upgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail HNA buying Manhattan tower for .2 bln Updated 2017-03-22 09:31:17 Global Times China's aviation and shipping giant HNA Group is reportedly purchasing Manhattan's 245 Park Ave for .21 billion, which should bring the company the ownership of Manhattan's financial core once completed. The deal may involve at least one partner with HNA, Bloomberg reported Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. The office tower is being sold by Brookfield Property Partners LP and the New York State Teachers' Retirement System, according to Bloomberg. The tenants include JPMorgan Chase & Co. Three blocks to the north is the Waldorf Astoria, a hotel that Beijing-based Anbang Insurance Group bought for .95 billion in 2015. HNA has embarked on purchasing real estate assets overseas in recent years. The conglomerate has made acquisitions worth more than billion since 2016, Bloomberg data showed. For example, it paid .5 billion to buy a 25 percent stake in Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc from its biggest shareholder Blackstone Group LP in October 2016, Reuters reported. HNA Tourism Group, a subsidiary of HNA Group, agreed in April to buy 100 percent of U.S.-based Carlson Hotels Inc, which gave the group brands including Radisson, Park Plaza, Country Inns & Suites and 1,400 hotels in 115 countries, said Reuters. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58March 23 2017 21:43:12 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16March 23 2017 21:43:12 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18March 23 2017 21:43:12 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved


Trending: 5 Easy Ways to Save on Your Cell Phone Bill10 Ways to Get Discounted Newspapers and Magazines10 Things You Should Clean in the Spring (but Probably Don’t)50 Ways to Make a Fast $506 Simple Steps to Cashing in on Spring CleaningStruggling to Build an Emergency Fund? Try This Instead Register / Login Articles Trending 5 Easy Ways to Save on Your Cell Phone Bill 10 Ways to Get Discounted Newspapers and Magazines 10 Things You Should Clean in the Spring (but Probably Don’t) 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 6 Simple Steps to Cashing in on Spring Cleaning Struggling to Build an Emergency Fund? Try This Instead Categories Around The House Business Cars College Credit & Debt Eco-Friendly Family Insurance Investing Jobs & Work Real Estate Retirement Shopping Taxes Tech Travel Ripoffs Ask Stacy Video Vintage Deals Coupons Solutions MTN Solutions Center No matter what your financial situation, whether you have more debt than you can deal with or are just looking for a credit card with better rewards, we can help you find what you need. Get help with Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Register Login Deals Coupons Solutions Search for: Search Search for: Search Sign up for our free newsletter and we'll send you a PDF with 205 ways to save! Click here to sign up now! Sign up Grow Struggling to Build an Emergency Fund? Try This Instead More Great Articles! Our free newsletter is filled with articles just like this. Sign up now and get a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up We respect your privacy and do not share or sell email addresses. See our Privacy Policy for more information. Daily Tips That Can Change Your Life Join our 367,482 active subscribers! Daily tips to make more, spend less, and reach your goals Fun-to-watch videos, easy-to-read articles Get any money question answered in our forums Sign up Thank you for all of the advice and news you share; it is priceless! I post so many of your things on Facebook. Please keep up the great work. Harmony These are real, unsolicited comments from our readers. Popular Videos How to Make Things Last Longer Best and Worst Things to Buy in January 2017 The Most Valuable Things You Can Get Free (If You Know Where to Look) Recent Videos Picking the Best Medicare Supplement Plan Cut Your Cell Phone Bill in Half How to Refinance Your Home Loan What's Hot 2 Types of Black Marks Might Vanish From Your Credit File SoonBorrow This Free Software Brings Old Laptops Back to LifeMore 6 Ways the Obamacare Overhaul Might Impact Your WalletInsurance 21 Restaurants Offering Free Food Right NowSaving Money 7 Dumb and Costly Moves Homebuyers MakeBorrow House Hunters: Beware of These 6 Mortgage MistakesBorrow Beware These 12 Common Money MistakesCredit & Debt Obamacare Replacement Plan Gets ‘F’ Rating from Consumer ReportsFamily Where to Sell Your Stuff for Top DollarAround The House 30 Household Uses for Baby OilSave 25 Ways to Spend Less on FoodMore Nearly Half of Heart-Related Deaths Linked to These 10 Foods and IngredientsFamily The True Cost of Bad CreditCredit & Debt 17 Ways to Have More Fun for Less MoneySave 14 Ways to Maximize Your Social Security ChecksGrow 10 Ways to Save When You’re Making Minimum WageSave Boost Your Credit Score Fast With These 7 MovesCredit & Debt 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years EarlierBorrow The Most Sinful City in the U.S. Is … (Hint: It’s Not Vegas)Family 10 Companies With the Best 401(k) PlansGrow 8 Ways to Take Control of Your Finances — and Be HappierGrow This Scam Now Tops ID Theft as the No. 2 Consumer ComplaintFamily 5 Surprising Benefits of Exercising Outdoors in WinterFamily 14 Super Smart Ways to Save on TravelSave New Study Ranks the Best States in the U.S.Family Thousands of Millionaires Moving to 1 Country — and Leaving AnotherGrow The Rich Prefer Modest Cars — Should You Join Them?Cars Strapped for College Costs? How to Get the Most From FAFSABorrow 6 Overlooked Ways to Save at Chick-fil-AFamily Secret Cell Plans: Savings Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint Don’t Want You to Know AboutFamily 6 Healthful Treats for Your DogFamily Ask Stacy: What’s the Fastest Way to Pay Off My Mortgage?Borrow 7 Free Sources of Manufacturer Coupons You Can Find OnlineSave Ask Stacy: How Do I Start Over?Credit & Debt 8 Ways to Get a Good Price on a Shiny New AutoCars You’ll Soon Pay More to Shop at CostcoSave 10 Ways to Save When Your Teen Starts DrivingFamily Fixing Your Credit? Do These 5 Things, Avoid These 3Credit & Debt A smaller cash cushion can get you through most monthly income fluctuations, according to new research. By Karla Bowsher on March 21, 2017 Photo by szefei / Shutterstock.com If you’ve been struggling to build a flush emergency fund, aiming instead for a smaller cash cushion might prove helpful. For median-income households, expenses fluctuate by 29 percent each month, according to recent report from the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Total monthly expenses vary by a median amount of $1,297 — roughly equivalent to a family’s rent or mortgage payment. For the report, the institute examined data on nearly 250,000 Chase customers to determine how their expenses vary over time, and how they respond to extraordinary expenses. This data provide what the institute describes as “a first ever look into the components of expense volatility based on real financial transactions.” As we recently noted in “Beware These 12 Common Money Mistakes,” you’re walking a tightrope without a safety net when you have no emergency fund. Ideally, you should set aside enough money to cover your net income for seven or eight months. For example, if you earn $4,000 a month after taxes, your emergency fund should be $32,000. That might be easier said than done, though, considering that about half of Americans say they don’t even have enough cash on hand to cover a major purchase like a refrigerator. But Diana Farrell, CEO of the JPMorgan Chase Institute, tells CBS Money Watch that a smaller amount of spare cash can still serve as a buffer when your budget suffers an unexpected expense or a drop in income. The institute also found that each year, 37 percent of families make an extraordinary payment for medical services, car repairs or tax expenses. Such expenses cost them a median amount of $1,520. This is particularly common among middle-income and older families. To learn more about how to brace yourself for fluctuating finances, check out “How to Survive When Your Income Drastically Drops.” What do you consider to be the ideal cash buffer? Share your thoughts below or over on our Facebook page. It's not the usual blah, blah, blah I know... every site you visit wants you to subscribe to their newsletter. But our news and advice is actually worth reading! For 25 years, I've been making people richer without making their eyes glaze over. Take 5 seconds and join our family by clicking here. You'll be glad you did. I guarantee it! Want to learn to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Want tons of ways to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Looking to get out of the rat race? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Daily tips to make and save money Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up 💰🗣📰 Read Next: How Unwanted Gift Cards Saved Me $300 Last Year Promoted Content More Money Talks News How Unwanted Gift Cards Saved Me $300 Last Year 8 Ways to Get Your FICO Score for Free 5 Easy Ways to Save on Your Cell Phone Bill 10 Ways to Get Discounted Newspapers and Magazines 10 Things You Should Clean in the Spring (but Probably Don’t) 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 6 Simple Steps to Cashing in on Spring Cleaning Boost Your Credit Score Fast With These 7 Moves Comments Check Out Our Hottest Deals! We're always adding new deals and coupons that'll save you big bucks. See the deals to the right and hundreds more in our Deals section. Click here to explore 2,017 more deals! Gatorade Customized Gx Sports Bottle for free + free shipping Reebok Men's Furylite New Woven Shoes for $27 + free shipping © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. As Seen on TV! We air as part of the local newscast on more than 80 NBC, CBS, ABC, and Fox television affiliates around the country. Find your local affiliate on our map or contact your favorite station and tell them you want Money Talks News. × It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Articles to help you save money and build wealth, delivered daily. Sign up now and receive a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up No thanks, I'm not all that into money.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Wells Fargo ATMs to recognize phone codes Wire Reports | Tuesday, March 21, 2017, 11:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks such as JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. “Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs,” said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement was made as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared with a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. The advertising campaign, to begin in mid-April, will be published across different media channels and focus on the changes the bank has implemented since it was rocked by revelations over illegal sales practices in September last year. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. More Business Starbucks sets new hiring goals, looks to add 25K veterans by 2025 Shareholders urge Akzo to negotiate with suitor PPG Senate eyes repeal of internet privacy regulations enacted during Obama administration YouTube losing major advertisers who are upset with offensive, extremist videos Indexes inch upward as tech companies rise TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Former company town Reduction, Pa., listed for $1.5M Gorman: In a flash, Pitt's Lewis on NFL radar  Sidney Crosby goal in Buffalo jumps into his personal Top 10  Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Health care town hall, Robot surgery and flag etiquette (March 13-19) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Portal Dünya Bülteni أخبار العالم Dünya Bizim History An Abbasid education The Abbasids ruled a vast empire from Baghdad when it was the thriving capital of the Islamic world. For about five hundred years the city boasted the cream of intellectuals and culture, a reputation gained during the reigns of the Caliphs al-Rashid (809 CE), al-Ma’mun (833 CE), al-Mu’tadhid (902 CE) and al-Muktafi (908 CE). Politics Turkish citizen hero of July 15 coup attempt Eight months after the deadly July 15 coup attempt, many stories emerged of how everyday civilians died or were injured in their effort to oppose the coup. Can Cumurcu is one of them and relates his story to Patrick Kingsley of the New York Times History 8 Reasons about Why Rome Fell Read on to discover eight reasons why one of history’s most legendary empires finally came crashing down.       World 12:54 British parliament attack: What we know 10:26 Luxembourg court denies Iran demand to unblock assets 10:00 American Airlines to buy stake in China carrier 09:26 British MPs to return to Westminster after attack 09:24 Canada court orders reporter to hand over digital chat 08:58 Mauritania vows referendum to abolish Senate, change flag Africa Europe America-Canada Palestine Latin America Iraq Balkans Caucasus Cyprus Central Asia Turkey 16:10 Turkey to take airline electronics ban to ICAO 15:25 Turkey announces North Korea-related asset freeze 14:09 Turkish consumer confidence bounces back in March 11:23 Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better 08:11 44 defense industry workers remanded in FETO probe 16:22 Turkish court issues arrest warrant for FETO head Gulen General Economy Politics Diplomacy Art & Culture Sports Media 09:21 Press agenda on March 23 09:49 Press agenda on March 22 09:28 Press agenda on March 20 10:00 Press Agenda on March 19 10:02 Press agenda on March 18 09:35 Press agenda on March 17 Economy 13:38 Inflation fears take shine off German consumer morale 13:08 Most Asia markets see recovery after big losses 10:56 Turkey's Borsa Istanbul up at opening 10:14 Canada joins China-backed AIIB 17:17 US stock market opens mixed 14:03 European stocks open down after Wall Street sell-off Islamic World 04:05 10 Things You May Not Have Known About The Ka’bah 04:06 The man who brought Islam to South Africa - Sheikh Yusuf 01:00 Amazing clock inventions from the Islamic world 01:00 Salahuddin Ayyubi, the great warrior of Islam 12:58 Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khawarizmi - The Father of Algebra 04:08 Nigeria's Muslim women oppose inheritance bill Ramadan Hajj 15:33 Indonesia says Saudi Arabia increased its Hajj quota 19:33 Muslim pilgrims flock to Medina after performing Hajj 12:03 Turkish relgious leader says Eid a time of happiness 11:46 1.8 million Muslims took place in hajj this year 16:42 Saudi king rejects mixing hajj with politics 13:01 At hajj, Syrian pilgrims talk of exile and war Art & Culture 16:42 People across Turkey mark Newroz celebrations 08:28 Istanbul's iconic Grand Bazaar gets makeover 08:29 Unearthing 2,000 years of history in central Algiers 17:10 The Green Muslims – Not just Halal, but Tayyib 15:02 Nana Asma’u, the early Islamic feminist icon 13:39 The Mayan Muslims of Mexico Health & Environment 16:43 UK smokers braced for tobacco restrictions 16:45 Preserving the memory of glaciers 15:47 Web-based counseling lowers blood pressure as much as meds 08:36 First fluorescent frog found in Argentina 08:21 Renault chiefs implicated in decades-long emissions fraud 08:58 Polluted air causing early deaths in fossil-fuelled Balkans Science&Technology 13:02 Turkey joins Malaysia's maritime, aerospace mega show 10:33 SpaceX launches communications satellite into orbit 08:42 US: Hack for WhatsApp discovered 18:52 Russia's FSB hired 'criminal hackers' to attack Yahoo 12:54 US researchers hack common devices using sound 17:38 Intel to buy driverless car company Mobileye News Analysis 20:40 The ideology and historical legacy of world maps 11:37 Turkey and Balkans 16:27 How gas could warm relations between Israel and Turkey 10:13 Time of "apes and pigs" 11:51 NKorea strengthening border artillery 16:08 China: Philippines violating South China Sea code History 12:51 The foundation of Twitter - History 08:42 Granada 'Reconquest' & Spain's Morisco double standard 04:02 Today in History: Hejaz Railway 10:41 Russia's 1917 revolutions in five key moments 01:02 The Great Explorers of Islam 12:34 A Brief History of Masjids in China This week in History Interviews & In Depth 14:18 What is going on in Kashmir: The interview with Muzammil A. Thakur 17:36 Media Voices of Africa with Shafiq Morton 10:04 Lebanese rubbish crisis not all as it seems..... 10:44 Story of four Americans who became Muslim 12:15 Four years after uprising, Egypt is back to square one 15:49 Khojaly: massacre which scarred a nation Today's News Turkey to take airline electronics ban to ICAO Philippines: 2 crew abducted from cargo boat in south Turkey announces North Korea-related asset freeze Indian supreme court adjourns Babri Mosque case again Suspected militant dead in clash with Indonesian police Egypt to continue training Lebanese army officers Turkish consumer confidence bounces back in March Inflation fears take shine off German consumer morale Most Asia markets see recovery after big losses British parliament attack: What we know Hundreds of Egypt students stricken with food poisoning Japanese nationalist claims cash from Abe as scandal deepens Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better Turkey's Borsa Istanbul up at opening Luxembourg court denies Iran demand to unblock assets Philippines: 2 Malaysian hostages rescued in south Canada joins China-backed AIIB American Airlines to buy stake in China carrier S.Korea's tragic Sewol ferry resurfaces British MPs to return to Westminster after attack Canada court orders reporter to hand over digital chat Press agenda on March 23 Mauritania vows referendum to abolish Senate, change flag UN-backed Syria peace talks to restart in Geneva Traffickers suspected of using refugee rescue boats as taxis Killer of Cambodian critic receives life sentence 44 defense industry workers remanded in FETO probe Pakistan urges India to release Hurriyat leaders McCain warns of 'tough decisions' with Syrian Kurds US artillery supporting op to seize dam near Syria's Raqa 16:43, 23 March 2017 Thursday Economy Update: 05:03, 22 March 2017 Wednesday Tweetle Deutsche Bank soars as US closes currency probe Gains for Deutsche shares topped 7.0 percent in the early afternoon, before slipping back to trade at 16.16 euros ($17.61) -- still up 5.33 percent -- just after 1400 GMT. World Bulletin / News Desk Shares in German lender Deutsche Bank leapt in Frankfurt trading Tuesday, as news US authorities had closed an investigation into past manipulation of currency markets lent investors confidence in the troubled institution. Buyers' keenness on the Frankfurt bank was undimmed by the other big news of the day -- the start of a 8.0-billion-euro capital increase by Deutsche, which needs cash to fund a far-reaching restructuring and bolster its reserves. Normally, stock in a firm issuing hundreds of millions of new shares falls as fresh supply weighs on its price, but not this time. The lender said in its 2016 annual report published Monday that the US Department of Justice (DoJ) "has closed its criminal enquiry 'concerning possible violations of federal criminal law in connection with the foreign exchange markets'". Global banks have paid out billions in fines for colluding to manipulate foreign exchange markets in recent years, including a settlement of almost $6 billion by Barclays, JP Morgan Chase, Citicorp, UBS, Bank of America and the Royal Bank of Scotland in 2015. The DoJ's mothballing of its Deutsche probe comes after another US regulator, the Commodities Futures and Trading Commission, dropped its own investigation into the German bank's currency activities in October. But "other regulatory and law enforcement agency investigations... remain pending," the bank noted in its report. Deutsche is engaged in a long struggle to free itself from thousands of legal cases worldwide relating to its past conduct, and in December agreed a $7.2-billion deal with the DoJ relating to mortgage-backed securities trading in the run-up to the financial crisis. At the same time, the bank is attempting a massive restructuring that will see it shift focus from global financial markets to traditional banking for businesses and households in Germany. Chief executive John Cryan announced in early March that the lender would raise some 8.0 billion euros of fresh capital to fuel his planned reorganisation and boost the capital cushion which financial firms keep on hand to weather shocks. Tuesday was the first day of the new stock being issued to existing shareholders. "The environment seems sufficiently stable for the shares to find buyers among investors," analyst Ingo Frommen of LBBW bank commented. "Nevertheless, there are further tough years of restructuring ahead for Deutsche Bank." In its annual report, Deutsche said that it expects revenues to remain "broadly flat" this year compared with last, at around 30 billion euros. Related deutsche bank Legal Notice: Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Tweetle No Comment Yet Economy News Inflation fears take shine off German consumer morale Market research firm GfK's forward-looking consumer confidence reading for April slipped to 9.8 points after 10.0 this month, slightly short of analysts' expectations, it said in a statement. Most Asia markets see recovery after big losses There is widespread belief the tycoon's health system proposals will fall foul of lawmakers with many of his Republican counterparts opposed to numerous parts of it and raising questions about the fate of promised infrastructure spending, tax cuts and deregulation. Turkey's Borsa Istanbul up at opening BIST 100 index opens 0.35 pct higher; US dollar/Turkish lira rate hovers around 3.61 Canada joins China-backed AIIB The United States and Japan -- the world's largest and third-largest economies, respectively -- have notably declined to join the bank. US stock market opens mixed Oil prices continue their decline European stocks open down after Wall Street sell-off London's benchmark FTSE 100 index dropped 0.6 percent to 7,336.30 points compared with Tuesday's close. British inflation surges to 2.3% The 12-month inflation rate hit 2.3 percent last month compared with 1.8 percent in January, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said in a statement. Deutsche Bank soars as US closes currency probe Gains for Deutsche shares topped 7.0 percent in the early afternoon, before slipping back to trade at 16.16 euros ($17.61) -- still up 5.33 percent -- just after 1400 GMT. Turkey's next step: Large wind tender Today is 'day of revolution' for Turkey's energy sector with Monday's solar tender, says Turkish Minister Swiss bank UBS to be tried in France over tax fraud UBS will be charged with illegal banking practices and dissimulating tax fraud, the sources said, adding UBS's French subsidiary will also go on trial for complicity. World Bank announces $57 bln in financing for Africa A fresh investment from the World Bank will see Africa receive $57 billion for investment SWIFT cuts off last NKorea banks from global finance system The move is significant as it means North Korea no longer has access SWIFT's global financial transfer system, further isolating the already heavily-sanctioned country. Turkey to block leveraged FX trade via firms abroad Government committed to barring Turkish citizens from trading via foreign exchange brokers, Deputy PM says Turkey: Over 5,550 startups launched in February Almost 40 percent of foreign-partnered companies founded directly by Syrian nationals or Syrians in partnerships   World Bank indirectly backs harmful SE Asian projects World Bank's financial arm violated its own guidelines on environmental and social conditions, according to a new report Car sales growth in EU eases in February Despite weak performance, reading close to February 2008 levels just before economic crisis, says top auto association News Deutsche Bank reports loss of 1.4 billion euros in 2016 Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse to pay $12.5B settlement Qatar royal family consider share in Deutsche bank Deutsche Bank pressure eases as US fine looks smaller Deutsche Bank stocks dip after rejecting $14B US deal Police raid Deutsche Bank offices Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News © 2006 All Rights Reserved. Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Webdesign and Software: Engin Demir World Turkey Media Economy Islamic World Hajj Art & Culture Health & Environment Science&Technology News Analysis History Interviews & In Depth Asia-Pacific Middle East Latest News Columnists Add to your site Contact Us About us  
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Wells Fargo ATMs to offer phone access Wells Fargo would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States Post to Facebook Wells Fargo ATMs to offer phone access Wells Fargo would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2nzdYNk {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Wells Fargo ATMs to offer phone access Ken Sweet, Associated Press 8:53 p.m. ET March 21, 2017 On Tuesday, Wells Fargo announced plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. (Photo: Patrick Sison / AP) 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE New York — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells Fargo would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. A limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won’t work on the secure doors that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry for non-business hours. Wells Fargo said such doors are at a small percentage of branches. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2nzdYNk TOP VIDEOS Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19 2018 Honda Odyssey introduced 0:54
23/03/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live 1 Latest Live Coverage Live United Kingdom 22/03/2017 Car attacker mows down crowds and stabs policeman outside UK parliament Live - Tv Live Broadcast Watch Euronews live stream Bulletin Weather All views World 23/03/2017 Theresa May tells MPs 'acts of normality' will defy terrorism Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism" World 22/03/2017 Eurozone is still fragile and uninsured against another crisis Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Despite recently experiencing an overall economic uptick, the eurozone remains fragile and uninsured against the risk of another crisis" Benedicta Marzinotto Lecturer in Political Economy World 22/03/2017 Erdogan's rhetoric threatens Turkey's future relations with EU Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 22/03/2017 The religious strike back: French election View Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "There has been an unholy alliance between the Catholic right and the non-religious left" Lecturer in political and soci Charles Devellennes World 22/03/2017 Sturgeon claims London left her no choice but to go for independence Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 22/03/2017 Calls for Eurogroup President to resign after 'drinks and women' outrage Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "You cannot spend all the money on spirits and women and then ask for help" Jeroen Dijsselbloem Eurogroup President World 22/03/2017 'I'll criticise judges': Trump defiant after Gorsuch rebuke Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I find that disheartening, I find that demoralising, because I know the truth" Neil Gorsuch US Supreme Court nominee World 21/03/2017 North Korea has "nothing to fear" from more sanctions Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The existing sanctions are heinous and inhumane" Choe Myong Nam Deputy Ambassador, DPRK UN mission, Geneva more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe Aa Aa Now Reading: U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe 22/03/2017 U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe REUTERS 22/03/2017 By Jamie McGeever LONDON (Reuters) – JP Morgan <JPM.N> retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. JP Morgan’s revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 percent to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by U.S. peer Citi <C.N>, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 percent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one – municipal finance – of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley <MS.N> secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by U.S. banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany’s Deutsche Bank <DBKGn.DE>. U.S. banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the U.S.-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. “European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don’t see repeating,” said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. “They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year.” Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 TRUMPS H1 The world’s big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 percent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump’s U.S. presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. U.S. banks’ total for the second half of last year jumped 37 percent to $24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse <CSGN.S>, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays <BARC.L> and HSBC <HSBA.L>, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan’s revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the $14.3 billion from its U.S. operations up 10 percent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 percent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to $7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of $3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi’s joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch <BAC.N>, Barclays, BNP Paribas <BNP.PA>, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale <SOGN.PA> and UBS <UBSG.S>. (Reporting by Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies; editing by Mark Heinrich) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories United Kingdom 23/03/2017 London terrorist "acted alone" as police arrest eight BREAKING NEWS United Kingdom 23/03/2017 Islamic State Group claims responsibility for Westminster attack world news 22/03/2017 London terrorist attack: What we know Most viewed United Kingdom 23/03/2017 London terrorist "acted alone" as police arrest eight United Kingdom 22/03/2017 British PM: "We will never give in to terror" United Kingdom 22/03/2017 Minister who lost brother in Bali bombing tried to save policeman world news 22/03/2017 'We are not afraid': Londoners defiant after parliament attack world news 22/03/2017 London terrorist attack: What we know Editor's choice Belgium 20/03/2017 Reliving the pain 'every single day' - Brussels attacks one year on world news 22/03/2017 How new one-stop shops are making crime pay for would-be cyber crooks View 22/03/2017 The religious strike back: French election View Flashback: one year ago Turkey 23/03/2016 Najim Laachraoui reported to be second Brussels airport bomber Belgium 23/03/2016 Europe tightens airport security as fresh attacks feared Belgium 23/03/2016 Brussels travellers struggle with security checks Sport 23/03/2016 No bombing,no ducking, no doping Russian swimmers under the microscope Insight 23/03/2016 Belgian 'jihadists' more like street thugs, says anti terror expert Editor's choice Belgium 20/03/2017 Reliving the pain 'every single day' - Brussels attacks one year on world news 22/03/2017 How new one-stop shops are making crime pay for would-be cyber crooks View 22/03/2017 The religious strike back: French election View world news 22/03/2017 Earthquakes shake Groningen into innovative economy world news 17/03/2017 Svalbard Seed Vault - banking on the future United Kingdom 21/03/2017 Martin McGuinness: the armalite to the ballot box world news 20/03/2017 Everything you need to know about Nowruz, the New Year for many Sci-tech 23/03/2017 Targeting small business at CeBIT no comment 21/03/2017 Merkel and Abe celebrate all things digital at CeBIT 1 Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Latest Live Live United Kingdom 22/03/2017 Car attacker mows down crowds and stabs policeman outside UK parliament Live - Tv Watch Euronews live stream Browse today's tags London Terrorism Attack United Kingdom Theresa May Victims Security European Union Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, March 23, 2017 9:34 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe Wednesday March 22, 2017 08:04 AM GMT+8 ICYMI UK parliament attacker was born in Britain, May says Nearly three-quarters Malays clueless about Act 355, survey finds Hamilton wants to see more women, less ‘dudes’ in paddock The Edit: ‘Power Rangers’ yay or nay? Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The logo of Swiss bank UBS is seen on a building in Zurich, February 13, 2013. — Reuters picLONDON, March 22 — JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of US banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data today showed. JP Morgan’s revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 per cent to US$25.2 billion (RM111.52 billion) last year from US$22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by US peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 per cent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one — municipal finance — of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by US banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany’s Deutsche Bank. US banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the US-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. “European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don’t see repeating,” said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. “They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year.” Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 trumps H1 The world’s big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 per cent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump’s US presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. US banks’ total for the second half of last year jumped 37 per cent to US$24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays and HSBC, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan’s revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the US$14.3 billion from its US operations up 10 per cent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 per cent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to US$7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of US$3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi’s joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS. — Reuters                  MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bank Negara sees economy, exports growing faster in 2017 S.Korea throws shipbuilder Daewoo new US$6b lifeline Jack Ma optimistic about introducing Alipay e-wallet service in Malaysia Bursa Malaysia remains above 1,750 at mid-afteroon Ringgit to stabilise gradually, no more large outflow Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 China capital controls leave buyers of foreign property in bind (VIDEO) Jack Ma to launch Alibaba’s regional distribution hub in Malaysia, sources say Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe By Reuters Published: 20:03 EDT, 21 March 2017 | Updated: 20:03 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail By Jamie McGeever LONDON, March 22 (Reuters) - JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. JP Morgan's revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 percent to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by U.S. peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 percent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one - municipal finance - of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by U.S. banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany's Deutsche Bank. U.S. banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the U.S.-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. "European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don't see repeating," said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. "They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year." Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 TRUMPS H1 The world's big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 percent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump's U.S. presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. U.S. banks' total for the second half of last year jumped 37 percent to $24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays and HSBC, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan's revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the $14.3 billion from its U.S. operations up 10 percent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 percent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to $7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of $3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi's joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS. Below are the global rankings: 2016 2015 JP Morgan 1 1 Goldman Sachs =2 2 Citi =2 =3 BAML 4 =3 Morgan Stanley 5 =5 Deutsche Bank 6 =5 Barclays 7 8 Credit Suisse 8 7 HSBC =9 10 UBS =9 9 BNP Paribas 11 11 Societe Generale 12 12 (Reporting by Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies; editing by Mark Heinrich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close 1 of 4 Mark Lennihan In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Technology companies are leading stocks slightly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Shizuo Kambayashi Men look at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Shizuo Kambayashi People walk past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Shizuo Kambayashi People uses a mobile phone in front of an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) AP Asia shares sink as investors fret over Trump reform outlook By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer Mar 21, 2017 Updated Mar 21, 2017 Mark Lennihan In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Technology companies are leading stocks slightly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Shizuo Kambayashi Men look at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Shizuo Kambayashi People walk past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Shizuo Kambayashi People uses a mobile phone in front of an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Shares fell in Asia early Wednesday after U.S. stocks took their biggest loss in five months. The sell-off overnight on Wall Street was spurred by obstacles to a health care bill backed by President Donald Trump that also raised questions over prospects for his agenda of boosting growth by cutting taxes and regulations. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index fell 2 percent to 19,071.35 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 1.2 percent to 24,306.52. Australia's S&P ASX 200 lost 1.5 percent to 5,685.60. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.9 percent to 2,159.75 and the Shanghai Composite index fell 0.3 percent to 3,250.61. ROUT ON WALL STREET: Banks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped. So did materials companies like steel and chemicals makers and small-company stocks that stand to benefit the most from Trump's policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations. The Standard & Poor's 500 index tumbled 1.1 percent to 2,344.02, its biggest drop since Oct. 11. The Dow Jones industrial average also lost 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite shed 1.8 percent to 5,793.83. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. HEALTH CARE AGENDA: The U.S. House of Representatives is scheduled to vote Thursday on the Republican-backed American Health Care Act, but it's not clear if the House or the Senate will approve the bill. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "The Trump administration's 100 days of action appear to be becoming 100 days of inaction as investors start running out of patience," Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. JAPAN TRADE: Japanese shares sank after the U.S. dollar weakened against the yen, potentially hurting earnings of exporters. The government's report that Japan's trade surplus more than doubled in February from a year earlier as exports to Asia surged failed to make up for the yen's gains, which inevitably result in losses for the benchmark Nikkei 225 index. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 8 cents to $48.16 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It fell 67 cents to $48.24 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 5 cents to $50.91 a barrel. It closed down 66 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.96 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 111.56 yen from 112.58 yen. The euro rose to $1.0794 from $1.0733. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Financial Markets Food Manufacturing Food, Beverage And Tobacco Products Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Currency Markets Passenger Airlines Airlines Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Japanese Yen Tablet Computers Personal Computers Computer Hardware Consumer Electronics Technology Latest in section Yellen says problems of childhood poverty linger The Best 0% Intro APR Credit Cards in March Applications for US jobless aid rise to still-low 258,000 AP Exclusive: US probes banking of ex-Trump campaign chief ABC News says 3 of its Twitter accounts were hacked More on this topic Yellen says problems of childhood poverty linger The Best 0% Intro APR Credit Cards in March Applications for US jobless aid rise to still-low 258,000 ABC News says 3 of its Twitter accounts were hacked 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Babysitter arrested in Hammond infant's death UPDATE: Munster boy hit by school bus in stable condition Roundabout proposed for dangerous Ind. 2 intersection Massive rail car plant to be built in Hegewisch How Fed hike will affect mortgages, car loans, credit cards Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Food and Cooking The best Irish beers for St. Patrick's Day Northwest Indiana Real Estate Listings 25 things not covered by home insurance Health and Medicine 5 charts that explain the GOP health care bill so far How to stay healthy at work Greta Garbo's former NYC apartment on market for $5.95M Pro Football Weekly 2017 NFL Mock Draft 1.0 US routs Puerto Rico 8-0 to win WBC behind dominant Stroman Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Chesterton Toys (Formerly Alice's Garden Toy Boutique) 206 S. Calumet Road Ste. B, Chesterton, IN 46304 Ads Forest Ridge Family Dentistry 7303 Forest Ridge Dr, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads Center For Visual & Performing Arts 1040 Ridge Rd, Munster, IN 46321 Terry's Discount Windows & More 3152 Morthland Dr, Valparaiso, IN 46385 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Dream Big Gymnastics Child's Birthday Coming Up? Host it at Dream Big Gymnastics. CLICK for Detail s or Call us at (708) 650-0916 Updated Mar 16, 2017 Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty For all of your Corporate Photography needs call Doherty Images Photography. Call 219-670-2092 Updated Mar 21, 2017 Allstate - Elaine Morris Teenage drivers in your home? Call Elaine Morris with Allstate for a Car Insurance Quote that will fit your budget. Call today at 219-928-0135 Updated Mar 16, 2017 Midwest Landscape Specialists Book A Patio With Midwest Landscape Specialists, Get A FREE Fire Pit! Updated Mar 16, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Kabbage looks to raise money for acquisitions -sources Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Kabbage looks to raise money for acquisitions -sources KABBAGE-FUNDING/:Kabbage looks to raise money for acquisitions -sourcesReuters | Updated: Mar 23, 2017, 06.35 AM IST By David French and Anna Irrera March 22 (Reuters) - Small U.S. business online lender Kabbage Inc is in talks to raise a new round of equity funding that could be used for potential acquisitions at a time when many of its peers face funding challenges, people familiar with the matter said. The move comes as online lenders are increasingly encroaching on the turf of traditional banks. However, growth in the industry has slowed as some online lenders have struggled to offload loans many institutional investors view as risky. Privately held Kabbage is holding talks with investment firms about raising a few hundred million dollars in the new round, the sources said this week. Kabbage, based in Atlanta, could not immediately be reached for comment. One of the acquisition targets under consideration by Kabbage is rival On Deck Capital Inc, which has market capitalization of $321 million, according to one of the sources. The sources cautioned that no decisions have been taken and asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. New York-based On Deck Capital declined to comment. Kabbage runs a platform that provides loans to small businesses in minutes. Its existing investors include Reverence Capital Partners, SoftBank Capital, Thomvest Ventures, Mohr Davidow Ventures, BlueRun Ventures, the UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund, ING, Santander InnoVentures, Scotiabank and TCW/Craton. Banco Santander SA partnered with Kabbage last year to provide loans to small businesses in Britain, while JPMorgan Chase & Co works with On Deck. On Deck shares have fallen more than 80 percent since it went public in December 2014. On Deck posted its fifth consecutive quarterly loss last month, and said it had to set aside more money for future losses after determining its calculations in its internal models were off. As a private company, Kabbage does not report earnings publicly. Earlier this month, it said it priced the largest asset-backed securitization of small business loans in the online lending industry, packaging and selling $525 million worth of loans to investors. Kabbage said this would allow its volume of lending to exceed $2.7 billion. On Deck said earlier on Wednesday that it had amended its asset-backed revolving credit facility with Deutsche Bank to extend its maturity date to March 2019 and to increase its borrowing capacity by $52 million, to a total of up to $214 million. (Reporting by David French and Anna Irrera in New York) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web This Dog Was Chained and Left To Die… What Happens Next .. World Lifestyle Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Easy kid and lent friendly options, the family will love. Guerrero More from The Times of India Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India These 11 Fast Food Restaurants are America's WorstThe Fiscal Times His Insane Backyard Pool Idea is Actually Genius (Pics)Grizly Enraged Israeli leader lashes out at U.S.Reuters TV You Won't Be Able To Look Away From These Heartwarming Bab..Dogsome.net Visit Burbank, CA & fly directly into Hollywood Burbank Ai..Visit Burbank Now, UP CM Yogi Adityanath says no to 'lal batti' Yuvraj Singh meets cancer patients in Cuttack Yogi Adityanath effect: No pan masala, gutka in govt offices 'Character of Nimmi is Taapsee unplugged for you' Panneerselvam seeks security from Centre ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge 10 Times Aamir Khan Movies Flopped! Ad: BOLLYWOODUNION Exclusive US NRI payment plan. Pay 20% now and 80% on Poss Ad: Kanakia Group Hindustan Zinc announces special interim dividend of Rs 27.50/share Hindustan Zinc today announced a one-time interim dividend of Rs 13,985 crore for the financial year 2016-17. Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. From around the Web Check out the NFL player mansions in New Jersey HistoryGarage Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny The Jaw Dropping Reason ‘Magnum P.I.’ Went Off The Air DailyDisclosure More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreSoftbankNew YorkKabbageDeutsche BankDavid French Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners The Trump presidency on March 22 at 8:50 P.M. EDT/March 23 0050 GMT Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated U.S. stockpiles pressure market Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated US stockpiles pressure market Dollar limps up from 4-mth low vs yen, Trump's healthcare bill in focus 1Kabbage looks to raise money for acquisitions -sources 2The Trump presidency on March 22 at 8:50 P.M. EDT/March 23 0050 GMT 3Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated U.S. stockpiles pressure market 4Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated US stockpiles pressure market 5Dollar limps up from 4-mth low vs yen, Trump's healthcare bill in focus Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament Shooting CM Adityanath UP Cabinet Ministers Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Live: Shooting in UK Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - March 23 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Mar 22, 2017 | 8:46pm EDT PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - March 23 March 23 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. Headlines London Taxi Company opens 325-mln-pound electric car plant in Coventry on.ft.com/2o6wgBR Thames Water fined record 20 mln pounds for sewage dump on.ft.com/2n8RkZj Two of the UK's biggest teaching unions merge on.ft.com/2mWn0QN UK financial watchdog wins "London Whale" identity case on.ft.com/2np5cRe Overview The London Taxi Company said on Wednesday that it opened a 325-million-pound ($405.5-mln) electric plant in Coventry. One of Britain's biggest water companies, Thames Water, was handed a record 20 million pound ($25 million) fine on Wednesday for pumping sewage into the River Thames. Two of UK's biggest teaching unions, the National Union of Teachers and the Association of Teachers and Lecturers, will merge to form the National Education Union with more than 450,000 members. Britain's markets watchdog did not wrongfully identify a former JPMorgan executive in the "London Whale" scandal, the Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday in a landmark case that endorses a regulatory policy of speedy corporate settlements. ($1 = 0.8012 pounds) (Compiled by Kanishka Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler) Next In Market News BRIEF-Ekso Bionics Holdings to expand number of directors from 7 to 8 * Ekso Bionics Holdings- on March 21, board of directors of co voted to expand number of directors of company from seven to eight directors- sec filing Source text - http://bit.ly/2naI32V Further company coverage: BRIEF-Intel elects two new members to the board * Announced that Omar Ishrak and Greg Smith have been elected to Intel's board of directors. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Attack outside UK parliament Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Transportation What travel experts are saying about the airline electronics ban Updated: March 22, 2017 — 6:42 PM EDT Facebook icon 9Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Owner of iconic gay bar key to Philly DA case Mar 22 - 7:25 PM Williams' prime target — his mom's money, feds say Mar 22 - 6:02 PM AP Emirates passenger planes are parked at their gates at Dubai airport in United Arab Emirates. by Linda Loyd, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @LoydLinda | Mail icon lloyd@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @LoydLinda Phone icon 215-854-4822 Linda Loyd Staff Writer Linda Loyd writes about Philadelphia International Airport, the airline industry, and the ports on the Delaware River.  More by Linda Loyd What travel experts are saying about the airline electronics ban Mar 22 Long airport lines of spring break 2016 are not back Mar 20 Philly port is poised to get new cranes, bigger ships, more cargo, and more jobs Mar 15 More from Linda Loyd Arrow icon A new security protocol banning most electronic items, except cellphones, from airplane cabins on U.S.-bound flights from 10 airports in the Middle East and Africa has raised questions about airline safety, national security, and whether a limited ban can be effective. Travel groups and industry experts say the regulation, announced Tuesday, will hurt business travel, and raises a fire-safety concern in putting the electronic devices containing lithium-ion batteries in the cargo hold on planes. “Few aviation experts would suggest that it is prudent to load an aircraft hold with hundreds of electronics with lithium batteries, some of which could be overcharged or damaged,” said Kevin Mitchell, chairman of the Business Travel Coalition in Radnor. “If a battery catches fire in an aircraft cabin, as with the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, it can be dealt with promptly. A fire in the hold a thousand miles out in the Atlantic Ocean is another matter.” The measure requires passengers to put laptops, tablets, portable DVD players, and cameras in checked baggage when flying from airports in eight Muslim-majority nations. The regulation will likely cause business travelers, who rely on laptops during long flights and do not want to risk theft from checked luggage, to reroute trips through other airports where the ban is not in effect, travel experts say. “The productivity hit on business travelers and their organizations will be significant, if not intolerable,” Mitchell said. "Of deeper concern will be trade secrets and other sensitive and valuable information that are stored on many business travelers' laptops that could be copied or stolen." Putting a bomb in checked luggage could make it harder to detonate because it may require human interaction. Others say an explosive device in the cargo hold could be triggered by a variety of mechanisms, including a mobile phone in the passenger cabin. Some question how effective a ban that covers only a few airlines in a few countries will be. Terrorists determined on blowing up a plane can connect to the United States from countries outside the ban. “The ban only applies to the last point of departure to the U.S.,” said Mitchell. “Consequently, a laptop-carrying passenger could board an Air France flight at Istanbul and connect in Paris on Delta Air Lines to New York.” The new regulation applies to U.S.-bound nonstop flights in Jordan, Egypt, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Morocco, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates. It affects nine foreign air carriers that have 50 daily nonstop flights to the United States. No U.S. airlines are effected because none fly nonstop from the selected airports. Britain announced a similar security rule Tuesday, but included different airports. Long term, European airlines could benefit from the partial ban, as travelers to Africa, India, or Southeast Asia connect through Frankfurt, Paris, or London, instead of Doha, Abu Dhabi, or Dubai. Qatar Airways operates a direct daily flight between Philadelphia and Doha, the Qatari capital. Airline analyst Jamie Baker at J.P. Morgan Chase said in a client note the electronics ban "may materially alter business flows" and "could prove a long-term deterrent to business travel." Some investment banks and tech companies forbid employees from checking laptops, he said. Leisure travel, especially in Europe, may be “curbed by fears of heightened terrorism risk on the back of this ban," Baker wrote. Travel groups are concerned the policy could hurt global business and tourism, which took a hit after President Trump’s first executive order limiting travel from seven Muslim-majority countries. U.S. bookings to the Middle East in the four weeks after Trump’s ban in January were down 27 percent, according to ForwardKeys, a travel research firm. “It has also affected travel in the opposite direction,” said ForwardKeys CEO Olivier Jager. Read more by Linda Loyd Published: March 22, 2017 — 6:42 PM EDT Do you have a minute?... Over the past year, the Inquirer, the Daily News and Philly.com have uncovered corruption in local and state public offices, shed light on hidden and dangerous environmental risks, and deeply examined the region’s growing heroin epidemic. This is indispensable journalism, brought to you by the largest, most experienced newsroom in the region. Fact-based journalism of this caliber isn’t cheap. We need your support to keep our talented reporters, editors and photographers holding government accountable, looking out for the public interest, and separating fact from fiction. If you already subscribe, thank you. If not, please consider doing so by clicking on the button below. Subscriptions can be home delivered in print, or digitally read on nearly any mobile device or computer, and start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Labor and Unions › How ban-the-box rules help ex-offenders, hurt women, young people PhillyDeals › Art gifts: Shrinking DuPont donates Wyeths from ex-HQ, hotel Labor and Unions › Blue, red, urban, rural -- Pa. voters back help for ex-offenders Riverkeeper's suit against federal pipeline agency is dismissed A federal judge has dismissed the Delaware Riverkeeper Network’s suit alleging that a federal agency responsible for approving large... No property taxes, no problem, says study on controversial abatement Nike, Sears give markets bad news on a mixed day NEW YORK - After a shaky start, U.S. stocks finished mostly higher Wednesday as technology and industrial companies rose. Banks fell with interest... Mounting debt, empty offices at Kushner tower The Manhattan tower co-owned by the family of Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law, has been losing money for three years and faces increasing... PMN guild members vote down contract offer that would end seniority How defense lawyers would fight case against Williams Chinese company expected to win SEPTA rail car bid 7 medical pot sites across Philly get zoning OK Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prologis Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prologis Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Investors Buy Prologis Inc (PLD) on Weakness After Insider Selling March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Traders purchased shares of Prologis Inc (NYSE:PLD) on weakness during trading hours on Wednesday after an insider sold shares in the company. $31.69 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $18.58 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $13.11 million into the stock. Of all stocks tracked, Prologis had the 21st highest net in-flow for the day. Prologis traded down ($0.10) for the day and closed at $50.31Specifically, insider Edward S. Nekritz sold 84,434 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $51.45, for a total transaction of $4,344,129.30. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 202,115 shares in the company, valued at approximately $10,398,816.75. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CEO Eugene F. Reilly sold 70,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.72, for a total transaction of $3,550,400.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 150,650 shares in the company, valued at $7,640,968. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.29% of the company’s stock. A number of research firms have issued reports on PLD. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $54.00 target price (down from $58.00) on shares of Prologis in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Prologis from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $52.00 target price on shares of Prologis in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Robert W. Baird upgraded shares of Prologis from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $55.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, November 28th. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Prologis currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $53.76. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $50.13 and its 200 day moving average price is $51.18. The stock has a market cap of $26.63 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.17 and a beta of 1.05. Prologis (NYSE:PLD) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.63 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.63 by $0.00. Prologis had a net margin of 47.76% and a return on equity of 6.62%. The firm earned $620 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $221.07 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.64 earnings per share. Prologis’s revenue was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Prologis Inc will post ($0.27) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be issued a $0.44 dividend. This represents a $1.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.50%. This is an increase from Prologis’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. The ex-dividend date is Monday, March 13th. Prologis’s payout ratio is presently 74.67%. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Norges Bank bought a new stake in Prologis during the fourth quarter worth about $239,758,000. Standard Life Investments LTD increased its stake in Prologis by 1,356.5% in the third quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD now owns 3,296,087 shares of the company’s stock worth $176,439,000 after buying an additional 3,069,778 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in Prologis during the fourth quarter worth about $117,179,000. FMR LLC increased its stake in Prologis by 7.1% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 22,523,695 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,189,026,000 after buying an additional 1,485,596 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Prologis by 15.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,926,745 shares of the company’s stock worth $585,017,000 after buying an additional 1,439,073 shares during the last quarter. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/22/investors-buy-prologis-inc-pld-on-weakness-after-insider-selling.html. About Prologis Prologis, Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT) company. The Company is engaged in logistics real estate business. The Company’s segments include Real Estate Operations and Strategic Capital. The Real estate operations segment consists of rental operations and development. The Company’s strategic capital segment includes asset management services, as well as services performed for unconsolidated co-investment ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Prologis Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prologis Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Javascript must be enabled in your browser Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Stainless, Rare Earth, Metal Prices, Forecasting | MetalMiner Sourcing & Trading Intelligence for Global Metals Markets Log In About Us Contact Us menu Home Articles Commentary Industry News Market Analysis Metal Appreciation Conflict Minerals Research Monthly Report: Price Index Trends – March 2017 MetalMiner Metal Price Forecasting: Annual Metals Outlook Report – 2017 Historical Metal Price Reports Grain-Oriented Electrical Steel (GOES) Market Overview Free Conflict Minerals Resources SEC Conflict Minerals Compliance Program Commodity Management Strategies More Metal Sourcing Strategies 10 Reasons for MFRs to Ditch Purchase Price Variance Metal Prices Aluminum Carbon Steel Nickel Alloy Stainless Steel Titanium Forecasting Monthly Outlook Trial Annual Outlook – 2017 Monthly Outlook Custom Forecasting Benchmarking Custom Research and Forecasting MetalMiner Benchmark Events Home | Company News | The India Perspective: Why Agarwal’s Volcan Invested in Anglo American Commentary The India Perspective: Why Agarwal’s Volcan Invested in Anglo American by Sohrab Darabshaw on March 22, 2017 Style: Commentary Category: Company News, Ferrous Metals, Global Trade, M&A Activity Late last week, Indian media was rife with reports of Vedanta Resources PLC Chairman Anil Agarwal making a “surprise” bid for about 13% of mining giant Anglo American PLC for $2.4 billion, even as the British newspapers headlined the development as a “raid.” Anglo American owns De Beers, one of the world’s largest diamond exploration and mining companies. Benchmark Your Current Metal Price by Grade, Shape and Alloy: See How it Stacks Up The move to acquire the shares was made through Agarwal’s personal investment firm Volcan Investments in London. Here’s the lowdown on Anglo American: The U.K.-headquartered Group, with operations in South Africa, North and South America, Asia and Europe, has revenue of $23 billion, EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) amount to $6.1 billion, and it has a market value of over $20 billion. In addition to diamonds, Anglo is a global player in platinum and base metals and minerals — it mines copper, nickel, niobium and phosphates. It also sells commodities such as iron ore and manganese, metallurgical coal and thermal coal. When the 13% shares are acquired, Agarwal’s Volcan will be the second-biggest shareholder after the South African Government investment firm Public Investment Corp., which owns 14%. Volcan, said news reports. Volcan intends to finance the investment through mandatory exchangeable bonds. Led by JPMorgan Chase & Co., the bond sale will take place on or around April 11, the closing date. Agarwal is the founder of Vedanta but he said he doesn’t intend to make a takeover offer for Anglo American, though a merger between the two failed last year. Incidentally, in 2010, Vedanta acquired Anglo American’s portfolio of zinc assets in Namibia, South Africa and Ireland. Agarwal told the Sunday Times that he “liked” Anglo’s entire balanced portfolio, both in South Africa and elsewhere. Some years ago, through his entities, Agarwal had also signed an agreement with the South African government for sharing mining technology. Two-Month Trial: Metal Buying Outlook He said he would be “fully supportive of the board, management and strategy”. Metal trader turned mining tycoon Agarwal started as a scrap dealer way back in 1975, and his has been a rags to riches story so far but we’ll have to wait and see if his interest in Anglo American is more than just that of a minority investor. {0 comments add one now} Leave a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PREVIOUS POST: Chinese Steel Exports Reach 3-Year Low; Duterte Wants Mining Compromise NEXT POST: On the Acquisition Trail Again, Agarwal’s Volcan Purchases 13% of Anglo-American Metal Price Outlook March Price Outlook Data Analysis March Price Trends Search for: Free Newsletter Our Free MetalMiner Newsletter Next Issue: Monday! Sign Up in fb twitter rss youtube Lead Sponsors Affiliates Article Keywords aluminum price copper price gold price iron ore price LME copper nickel price palladium price platinum price silver price stainless steel price Steel steel price Key Resources ©2017 MetalMiner  All rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms of service
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Presidential Trump's SEC pick, a lawyer for Goldman, to face skepticism Updated: March 22, 2017 — 6:16 PM EDT Facebook icon Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Two Philly pizzerias make ‘Food & Wine’s’ list of 'Best Pizza Places' in U.S. about 1 hour ago Owner of iconic gay bar key to Philly DA case Mar 22 - 7:25 PM by MARCY GORDON, The Associated Press Close icon MARCY GORDON The Associated Press WASHINGTON (AP) - Goldman Sachs may be about to get another friend in Washington. Jay Clayton, a well-connected Wall Street lawyer who is President Donald Trump's pick to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission, is sure to face sharp questions from Democrats at his confirmation hearing Thursday over his years of work for Goldman and other financial giants. Trump has already drawn upon Goldman alumni for key financial posts in his administration - notably for Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, and the head of the National Economic Council, Gary Cohn. Clayton, a partner in the white-shoe law firm Sullivan & Cromwell, has done significant legal work for the Wall Street giant. As SEC chairman, Clayton would be in charge of, among other things, protecting investors from wrongdoing on Wall Street. He would oversee the enforcement of rules written by the SEC under the law that reshaped the regulation of banks and Wall Street after the 2008 financial crisis and the Great Recession. And he would take part in deciding on enforcement actions that SEC attorneys bring against corporations and financial firms. For critics, the big question will be: How vigorous a regulator would Clayton prove to be? Clayton would take over the leadership of the SEC with a Republican majority among its eventual five members. (Three seats are vacant.) In line with Trump's pledge to ease many rules that flowed from the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory law, a Clayton-led SEC would be expected to take a comparatively loose approach to regulation. Though Clayton's confirmation is virtually assured by the Republican-controlled Senate, Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee say they will come prepared Thursday with a volley of skeptical questions. "It's hard to see how an attorney who's spent his career helping Wall Street beat the rap will keep (Trump's) promise to stop big banks and hedge funds from 'getting away with murder," Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio, the committee's senior Democrat, said after Clayton's nomination was announced in January. "I look forward to hearing how Mr. Clayton will protect retirees and savers from being exploited, demand real accountability from the financial institutions the SEC oversees, and work to prevent another financial crisis." Among the targets for critics is Clayton's blue-chip client list, brimming with Wall Street powerhouses and hedge funds as well as some corporations that have faced accusations of misconduct. Among them are Valeant Pharmaceuticals, a Canadian drug maker that is the target of at least 10 government investigations, including a congressional probe into drug prices, and Volkswagen, embroiled in a scandal over alleged emissions cheating. For Democrats who have questioned the influence they say Goldman Sachs is gaining in the Trump administration, Clayton's ties to that firm may loom particularly large. He has represented and advised Goldman in numerous major deals. In addition, Clayton's wife, Gretchen Butler Clayton, works at Goldman as a financial adviser. (She has committed to resign if her husband is confirmed.) In the past, Clayton has also made statements critical of mandates that financial regulations have imposed on companies. "He is the fox guarding the henhouse in every possible way," says Lisa Gilbert, vice president of legislative affairs at Public Citizen. "It's a real question whether he'll be a tough enforcer." Others take a more positive view of Clayton's selection. "This may be a good time for that kind of person," said James Cox, a professor at Duke University Law School who is an expert on securities law and is a close SEC-watcher. Cox's reasoning is that in the years since the 2008 financial crisis, the SEC has been consumed with writing rules under the Dodd-Frank law. Now, with that work mostly done, Cox suggested, Clayton is likely to steer the SEC back to its more fundamental responsibilities, such as overseeing rules for raising capital and rethinking disclosure requirements to make them better suited to a company's size. To that end, Republican lawmakers have been pushing the SEC to ease the rules for smaller companies to raise capital in the markets - an area related to Clayton's experience. Clayton appears to point in that direction in his opening remarks prepared for the hearing. "It is clear that our public capital markets are less attractive to business than in the past," he says in the written remarks. "As a result, investment opportunities for Main Street investors are more limited. Here I see meaningful room for improvement." More broadly, Clayton pegs the SEC's critical responsibility as "making sure our markets are fair, open, orderly and efficient - and ensuring that investors are protected." He promises to "take up this responsibility with energy and purpose" if confirmed. William McLucas, the SEC's enforcement director through much of the 1990s, said he thinks the choice of Clayton "signals a bit of a change in tone for the agency." In recent years the SEC pursued "a very aggressive" enforcement agenda under Obama's appointee Mary Jo White, a former federal prosecutor, said McLucas, who leads the securities practice at law firm WilmerHale. Under Clayton, McLucas suggested, the SEC might shift away from the approach of pursuing all manner of violation, large and small, to send a message. With his vast experience in corporate mergers and public stock launches, Clayton, 50, has worked on many of the kinds of Wall Street deals the SEC regulates. Besides Goldman, he has represented Barclays, Deutsche Bank and UBS. His client roster means he might have to step aside from deciding on some enforcement cases that come before the SEC. Some of the biggest deals he worked on came in the panicky crisis days of 2008. Clayton represented Goldman in Warren Buffett's $5 billion investment in the bank and the teetering Bear Stearns in its rescue sale to JPMorgan Chase. He also worked on many deals involving bringing companies public, notably the 2014 U.S. stock market debut of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba - the biggest-ever initial public offering. The SEC has been investigating Alibaba's accounting practices and sales data. Clayton's financial disclosure filing shows that other big corporate clients - including Ally Financial, Royal Bank of Canada, Volkswagen, British Airways, Priceline Group and Valeant. In addition, two of the biggest hedge funds - activist investor Bill Ackman's Pershing Square and Paul Tudor Jones's Tudor Investment Corp. - are among his clients. Published: March 22, 2017 — 2:55 PM EDT | Updated: March 22, 2017 — 6:16 PM EDT Do you have a minute?... Over the past year, the Inquirer, the Daily News and Philly.com have uncovered corruption in local and state public offices, shed light on hidden and dangerous environmental risks, and deeply examined the region’s growing heroin epidemic. This is indispensable journalism, brought to you by the largest, most experienced newsroom in the region. Fact-based journalism of this caliber isn’t cheap. We need your support to keep our talented reporters, editors and photographers holding government accountable, looking out for the public interest, and separating fact from fiction. If you already subscribe, thank you. If not, please consider doing so by clicking on the button below. Subscriptions can be home delivered in print, or digitally read on nearly any mobile device or computer, and start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in news News › Here's why two other cities are about to surpass Philly's population Seth Williams › Owner of iconic gay bar key to Philly DA case Real Estate › No property taxes, no problem, says study on controversial abatement Photo gallery: Dallas Green through the years One local Republican is still undecided on health care vote Losing Alex: The story behind one heroin death Philly soda tax brings in $6.4M in February, meeting city's target Philly rents finally starting to fall, reports find St. Joseph's professor's advice to 20-something daughter on health-insurance turmoil RX for hospital stress: Hug a puppy, cuddle a kitten Two Philly pizzerias make ‘Food & Wine’s’ list of 'Best Pizza Places' in U.S. Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Inside Trump’s last-ditch bid to avoid a health care disaster Trump's early policy moves benefit the industries he knows best — his own Obamacare repeal in jeopardy as Trump offers 11th-hour concessions Memo to Ivanka: Flex Your West Wing Mojo Is Trumpcare already here? Nunes claims some Trump transition messages were intercepted Politico POLITICO Influence Intelligence and analysis on lobbying Get the POLITICO Influence Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print BGR signs Azerbaijan By Theodoric Meyer 03/22/17 02:37 PM EDT With David Beavers and Aubree Eliza Weaver BGR SIGNS AZERBAIJAN: Azerbaijan is beefing up its representation in Washington, signing BGR Government Affairs on a $50,000 per month retainer. BGR’s work “will include strategic guidance and counsel with regard to government affairs and public relations activity within the U.S.,” according to a DOJ filing. Azerbaijan also renewed its contracted with the Podesta Group, which has represented the Azerbaijani government since 2013. (Podesta’s retainer is $45,000 per month.) The filings come as Azerbaijan is in the spotlight, following Adam Davidson’s piece in The New Yorker earlier this month that detailed President Donald Trump’s sketchy hotel deal in the country. Story Continued Below — Here’s another interesting foreign filing: Kalifa Bin Fahed Bin Mohd Al-Thani, a member of the Qatari royal family, has hired Global Strategies Council Inc. The firm is not well-known. It was formed in 2014 by Miltiades Goudamanis, a Greek national who became a U.S. citizen the following year. But the firm’s fee is eye-catching: $2 million, paid upfront. In return, Global Strategies Council will “conduct research focused on learning the whereabouts of members of the Qatari Royal family currently held in Iraq," according to a DOJ filing. “This work shall consist of obtaining proof of life. (b) Consult as to the strategy and process for identifying and initiating discussions with relevant and appropriate government officials, bankers, investment advisers and legal counsel to effectuate the return of these individuals.” The first will also lobby the State Department for assistance if “appropriate.” Reached by phone, Goudamanis referred all questions to his lawyer. TRUMP-CONNECTED LOBBYIST SIGNS FOUR MORE: Brian Ballard, a Florida lobbyist who served as a top fundraising lieutenant for Donald Trump’s campaign and opened a Washington office after he won, has signed more four clients: APR Energy, Caregiver Services, F.E.B. Corp. and MGM Public Policy. The new clients mean Ballard Partners has signed more than 20 new lobbying clients this year. MANAFORT SECRETLY WORKED FOR RUSSIAN BILLIONAIRE: "President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, secretly worked for a Russian billionaire to advance the interests of Russian President Vladimir Putin a decade ago and proposed an ambitious political strategy to undermine anti-Russian opposition across former Soviet republics, The Associated Press has learned," The Associated Press' Jeff Horwitz and Chad Day report. "The work appears to contradict assertions by the Trump administration and Manafort himself that he never worked for Russian interests. … Manafort did not disclose details about the lobbying work to the Justice Department during the period the contract was in place. Under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, people who lobby in the U.S. on behalf of foreign political leaders or political parties must provide detailed reports about their actions to the department. Willfully failing to register is a felony and can result in up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000, though the government rarely files criminal charges." Full story. — Manafort "has hired a crisis communications firm,” The Hill’s Megan Wilson reports. “The move comes as Manafort faces scrutiny over possible ties to Russia centered on his past consulting work for officials in Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych's pro-Russia government. Manafort’s new spokesman is Jason Maloni, a former senior vice president and chair of the litigation practice at LEVICK who formed his own firm, called JadeRoq, late last year. ‘Paul retained me recently because he was getting a lot of media inquiries. Having some support in this area allows folks like you to get your answers faster and allows him to focus on other matters,' Maloni said in an email.” Full story. Good afternoon, and welcome to PI. Got a tip? Switching jobs? Overhear a juicy conversation on the Acela? Get in touch: tmeyer@politico.com. You can also follow me on Twitter: @theodoricmeyer. CALLOUT: Thanks to everyone who’s emailed me tips about influencers who aren’t registered to lobby. I’m following up on your tips. If you haven’t gotten in touch yet, there’s still time: tmeyer@politico.com. ARAB AMERICAN INSTITUTE PROTESTS FILM SCREENING: The Arab American Institute is protesting a congressional film screening scheduled for this afternoon, saying the film promotes “an anti-Muslim agenda.” The film, “Faithkeepers,” is about the persecution of Christians and other minorities in the Middle East. It’s a project of the Clarion Project, a nonprofit that warns of “the dangers of radical Islam” and has been labeled a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center. The Clarion Project is hosting the screening, set to be held in the Rayburn House Office Building this afternoon, along with the Caucus on International Religious Freedom, the Caucus on Religious Minorities in the Middle East and the Philos Project, another nonprofit. — “The screening of a film by the noted-hate group Clarion Project on Capitol Hill risks validating bigotry, misinformation, and hate, and puts communities at risk,” James Zogby, the Arab American Institute’s president, and Maya Berry, the institute’s executive director, wrote to Reps. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.), Emanuel Cleaver (D-Mo.), Anna Eshoo (D-Calif.) and Jeff Fortenberry (R-Neb.), the co-chairs of the two caucuses, on Tuesday. “This does a disservice to your constituents of all backgrounds.” The four representatives did not respond to requests for comment. Here’s the full letter. ** A Message from WeWork: The way we work is changing. Launching in DC on March 28, the Creator Awards will give $20 million to “recognize and reward creators" ranging from entrepreneurs, civic innovators, artists, said to non-profits throughout 2017. To apply or attend visit we.co/cadc and visit we.co/dclocations to get a tour of one of the 8 WeWork DC offices. ** TRUMP ORGANIZATION PURSUING HOTEL PROJECT WITH TURKISH FIRM: President Donald Trump’s company “has been pursuing a downtown Dallas hotel project with a real estate firm that has deep Turkish roots,” The New York Times’ Steve Eder and Ben Protess report. “The hotel, if built, would fall under the Trump Organization’s Scion chain, a more affordable alternative to its five-star luxury line. — “An examination by The New York Times of records including corporation registrations, private emails and archived websites found that Alterra Worldwide, the real estate firm that would own the hotel and be partners with the Trumps, has business ties in Russia, Kazakhstan and at least two dozen other countries. Ordinarily, such international experience would be a selling point for the firm, but it is a complicating factor when dealing with Mr. Trump’s company, where concerns already have been raised internally about some of Alterra’s foreign connections.” Full story. FLYNN NEVER SIGNED LOBBYING BAN: Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser, never signed the administration’s lobbying ban, The Daily Beast’s Lachlan Markay reports. The pledge prohibits administration officials from lobbying their former agencies for five years and from lobbying for foreign interests for life. “Flynn’s failure to sign the pledge removes legal barriers to future foreign agent lobbying and advocacy work involving former White House colleagues, though his spokesman Price Floyd said that the retired Army general intends to comply with the restrictions detailed in the pledge. ‘Gen. Flynn never had the opportunity to sign Trump’s ethics pledge, but he plans to abide by its terms,’ Floyd told The Daily Beast.” Full story. GOP TAKES UP RUSSIA-ALIGNED ATTACK ON SOROS: “A group of congressional Republicans is teaming up with Russia-backed politicians in Eastern Europe with the shared goal of stopping a common enemy: billionaire financier George Soros,” Isaac Arnsdorf, Andrew Hanna and Kenneth P. Vogel report in POLITICO Magazine. “Led by Rep. Chris Smith of New Jersey and Sen. Mike Lee of Utah, the conservative lawmakers have signed on to a volley of letters accusing Soros of using his philanthropic spending to project his liberal sensibilities onto European politics. … It’s an accusation that’s being fomented and championed by Moscow.” Full story. JPMORGAN ADDS THREE IN WASHINGTON: JPMorgan Chase has hired Eileen Braden away from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Braden, who was the Chamber’s vice president for political affairs and federation relations, had been there for a decade. She’ll be JPMorgan’s head of civic engagement. The bank is also adding Babs Chase as vice president for civic engagement covering the Mid-Atlantic region and Tara Shannon as a specialist on the team. Chase previously led executive outreach in the Army secretary’s office. Shannon was previously associate director for scheduling and advance for Treasury Secretary Jack Lew in the Obama administration. MORE LOBBYING GROUPS HOLDING EVENTS AT TRUMP PROPERTIES: “The American Land Title Association, the main lobbying arm of the title insurance industry, will host 1,000 members at its annual gathering this October, which will be held at the Trump National Doral golf course and resort in southern Florida,” The Huffington Post’s Paul Blumenthal reports. “The annual event, known as ALTA One, provides members with the ‘opportunity to network and build relationships with colleagues,’ according to an invite for the event. It will also allow an organization actively lobbying President Donald Trump’s administration to put money in the president’s pocket.” Members of the Metals Service Center Institute are holding their own event at Trump National Doral in May. Full story. MORE ON MEITAL: PI reported on Tuesday that Meital Stavinsky was heading to Holland & Knight to help lead their Israel practice, with no word on whether her old clients at Greenberg Traurig would follow her. Well, that word has arrived. “I expect that all of the clients that I have been working with will transition to Holland & Knight,” Stavinsky said in a statement. “The exciting opportunity with my joining Holland & Knight is the tremendous platform of wide ranging government expertise and resources that are now available to both my existing clients and prospective clients. There are many in my network of Israeli innovative business contacts who are anxious to meet and start working with the firm.” JOB MOVES: — The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America has hired Laura Haines as senior vice president and head of government affairs. She was previously vice president of federal affairs for The Hartford. — Nadim Yared, the president of CVRx, has been tapped as the new chairman of AdvaMed’s board. — Jack Kalavritinos, a longtime health care lobbyist, has been named as the FDA’s associate commissioner for external affairs. He was previously served as a special assistant in Health and Human Service secretary’s office and also worked on the Trump transition team. — Wilkinson, Walsh + Eskovitz has added Rakesh Kilaru to the firm’s litigation practice. He was previously an associate counsel in the White House counsel’s office in the Obama administration. — Danielle Iverson has joined the Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association as director of legislative and regulatory affairs. She was previously director of government relations for the American Apparel and Footwear Association. — Caitlin Van Sant is headed to the Children’s Hospital Association as a federal affairs manager. She was previously a legislative assistant in the American Academy of Pediatrics’ federal affairs department. SPOTTED: At the “Latinos Lead Luncheon” on Tuesday at the National Council of La Raza’s offices, according to two PI tipsters: National Council of La Raza President Janet Murguia and Jessica Herrera-Flanigan, Univision’s executive vice president for government and corporate affairs, who hosted the luncheon; Mari Carmen Aponte, the former U.S. ambassador to El Salvador; Carmen Lomellin, the former U.S. permanent representative to the Organization of American States; Victoria Jeffries and Liliana Ranon of Univision; Lisa Navarrete and Delia de la Vara of the National Council of La Raza; Susan Santana of AT&T; Angela Maria Arboleda of Herbalife; Jackie Puente of Comcast; Zuraya Tapia-Hadley of the Raben Group; Maria Cardona of Dewey Square Group, Ingrid Duran and Catherine Pino of D&P Creative Strategies; Sonia Gutierrez of the Carlos Rosario School; and Abigail Golden-Vazquez of the Aspen Institute. NEW PACs: Austin Texas Democratic Veterans Club: Unknown Citizens For A Better Government: Unknown Caucuscouple Political Action Committee: Non-Qualified Non-Party, Unauthorized NEW LOBBYING REGISTRATIONS: A1.9 Strategies LLC: National Head Start Association Albertine Enterprises, Inc.: Law Office of Bart S. Fisher for Postalis Brazil Atcitty & Van Norman Law, LLC: Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation Atcitty & Van Norman Law, LLC: Sisseton-Wahpeton Oyate Ballard Partners: APR Energy, LLC Ballard Partners: Caregiver Services, Inc Ballard Partners: F.E.B. Corp. Ballard Partners: MGM Public Policy, LLC Cassidy & Associates, Inc. (formerly Cassidy & Associates): ADA Carbon Solutions Cassidy & Associates, Inc. (formerly Cassidy & Associates): Decision Sciences Cassidy & Associates, Inc. (formerly Cassidy & Associates): Tarrant Regional Water District Clark Hill, PLC: Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco Cornerstone Government Affairs, LLC: Citigroup Inc. Cornerstone Government Affairs, LLC: Dungan Engineering Cornerstone Government Affairs, LLC: Providence St. Joseph Health DiNino Associates, LLC: Cornerstone Government Affairs obo Citigroup Inc. Heather Podesta + Partners, LLC: Growth Energy Heather Podesta + Partners, LLC: Poet LLC Heather Podesta + Partners, LLC: Schiavi Seeds Heather Podesta + Partners, LLC: TriNet Group Inc. Holland & Knight LLP: Northrup Grumman Systems Corporation Lewis-Burke Associates, LLC: Bossier Parish Police Jury Lugar Hellmann Group: Entertainment Software Association Lugar Hellmann Group: Wells Fargo & Company Pricewaterhousecoopers: Kiewit Corporation RedFive Strategies: Koniag Government Services NEW LOBBYING TERMINATIONS: Carman Communications: Family & Life ** A Message from WeWork: "Create Your Life's Work" isn't just a tagline to WeWork, it's a way of life. Whether you're an entrepreneur or civic innovator, an international lawyer or a nonprofit leader, you're a creator, and WeWork wants to support you. The Creator Awards are a new initiative to recognize and grant over $20 million to creators worldwide. Join WeWork for the WeWork Creator Awards March 28 at the Andrew Mellon Auditorium and support finalists as they pitch for grant money, attend expert led sessions in various Master Classes, shop for locally made products at the pop-up market, and find your dream job at the New Leads for Next Gen Leaders Career Fair. It will be the ultimate networking experience. To get involved visit we.co/cadc ** « View Archives Authors: Theodoric Meyer tmeyer@politico.com About The Author Theodoric Meyer covers lobbying for POLITICO and writes the POLITICO Influence newsletter. He previously covered the 2016 campaign for POLITICO and worked as a reporting fellow for ProPublica in New York. He was a lead reporter on ProPublica’s “After the Flood” series on the federal government’s troubled flood insurance program, which won the Deadline Club Award for Local Reporting. He’s a graduate of McGill University and Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Nunes claims some Trump transition messages were intercepted Schiff: There is now 'more than circumstantial evidence' of Trump-Russia collusion Conservatives claim votes to stop GOP Obamacare repeal Federal staffers panicked by conservative media attacks Democrats weigh deal to let Gorsuch through David Brock suffers heart attack White House attacks Clintons in pushback against Manafort allegations Inside Trump’s last-ditch bid to avoid a health care disaster Koch network pledges to defend Republicans who vote against GOP health bill Poll: Trump's approval rating dips to new low of 37 percent POLITICO Influence - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 3/22/17 Tuesday, 3/21/17 Monday, 3/20/17 Friday, 3/17/17 Thursday, 3/16/17 View the Full POLITICO Influence Archives » Politico Magazine What’s Really Behind Trump’s Laptop Ban By Thomas Joscelyn The Health Care Albatross By Rich Lowry Will Preet Run? By David Freedlander Trump Is Defining the Presidency Down By Mark A. Patterson More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Britain's FTSE lags Europe as stronger pound compounds losses By Reuters Published: 14:33 EDT, 22 March 2017 | Updated: 14:33 EDT, 22 March 2017 e-mail By Helen Reid LONDON, March 22 (Reuters) - British shares pulled back on Wednesday, weighed by banks and miners, as investors repriced expectations for fiscal easing from the U.S. and a stronger outlook for sterling compounded weakness in the UK stock market. Britain's blue-chip FTSE 100 index fell 0.7 percent to its lowest level in nearly two weeks, little moved by reports of two dead and several people injured in an attack near the British parliament. The FTSE underperformed the pan-European STOXX index, which ended down 0.4 percent, while Britain's mid-cap index fell 0.8 percent. "It's a double whammy of the pound not looking so bearish on the 12-18 month view, along with the pullback in global markets," said Kallum Pickering, senior UK economist at Berenberg. The weak pound has consistently been supporting the index, whose constituents mainly earn foreign currency, up to record levels this year, with the latest all-time high hit on Friday. But the pound hit its highest levels in almost four weeks on Tuesday after inflation for February shot past the Bank of England's 2 percent target. That has removed an important catalyst for the FTSE to climb higher. On Wednesday, the pound fell following the Parliament incident before recovering shortly after. Banks have also been adjusting their forecasts for sterling upwards. Morgan Stanley set out more bullish estimates this month, downgrading their stance on UK large-caps as a result. RUSH FROM RISK ASSETS AS TRUMP TRADE SOURS British equities were tracking global markets lower, as investors grew concerned that much-anticipated reflationary policies from the new U.S. administration would take longer to materialise than hoped. Banking and mining, which had seen the greatest gains from the 'Trump trade' as investors bet on reflation and infrastructure spending, were the biggest sector fallers. "There's a degree of fiscal frustration - what's been driving markets is the hope and promise of fiscal stimulus, tax cuts and deregulation, and investors were expecting many more details than what we have by this point," said Alex Dryden, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Markets have been very tranquil so far this year, and that suggests to me that any sort of move was going to cause some shockwaves," he added. On average over a decade, the FTSE sees a 1 percent move once every five days, but in 2017 so far there have been only two daily moves of such magnitude, Dryden said. Positive economic data and an upturn in basic resource prices contributed to this calm start to the year for the index, which has a 20 percent exposure to commodities. Miners Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and Ashtead fell 0.5 to 2.5 percent. Barclays, Standard Chartered and RBS fell 0.9 to 2.4 percent. Home improvement retailer Kingfisher fell 5 percent after it said it was concerned uncertainty around French and British politics could hit future demand, after it beat 2016 profit forecasts thanks to solid performance in its home market. As investors turned to safe haven assets and dividend-yielding stocks, gold miners Randgold Resources and Fresnillo were among a handful of companies making gains, along with telecoms group BT. "This is a classic risk-off move - people fly to safety, to the names that they know, as they reprice their fiscal policy outlook," said JP Morgan Asset Management's Dryden. British Airways owner International Consolidated Air and Easyjet fell 2.7 and 2.4 percent respectively. Both airlines would be affected by Britain joining the U.S. in imposing restrictions on carry-on electronic devices on planes coming from certain airports in the Middle East and North Africa. (Reporting by Helen Reid; Additional reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Tom Heneghan/Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold rallies Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Apple unveils red iPhones Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold rallies GLOBAL-MARKETS/ (WRAPUP 7, PIX, GRAPHIC):GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold ralliesReuters | Mar 22, 2017, 11.35 PM IST * S&P 500 touches 5-week low after sinking 1.2 pct Tuesday * FTSEurofirst 300 hits roughly 2-week low * Gold touches three-week peak as investors ditch equities * Bonds gain as concerns about Washington gridlock grow * Oil prices lowest since Nov on expanding U.S. inventories (Updates to close of European markets) By Sam Forgione NEW YORK, March 22 (Reuters) - Most U.S. and European share indexes fell or were little changed on Wednesday as concerns over potential delays to President Donald Trump's pro-growth policies again unnerved investors, while safe-haven gold, U.S. Treasuries, and the yen rallied. The benchmark U.S. S&P 500 stock index briefly hit its lowest level in five weeks, while the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares hit a roughly two-week low as investors increasingly worried about whether Trump would be able to push ahead with his pro-growth policies. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer than expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. Caution continued to prevail a day after the S&P 500 closed down 1.2 percent in its worst daily performance since Oct. 11. CBOE's VIX index, known as the "fear gauge", briefly topped 13 for the first time since mid-January on Wednesday, but was last down 1 percent at 12.31. U.S. and European shares were little affected by an attack in London near the British parliament which left several people injured and, according to Sky News, two people dead. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materialize as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." MSCI's all-country world equity index was last down 1.33 points, or 0.3 percent, at 446.72. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was last down 34.5 points, or 0.17 percent, at 20,633.51. The S&P 500 was up 1.08 points, or 0.05 percent, at 2,345.1. The Nasdaq Composite was up 12.26 points, or 0.21 percent, at 5,806.08. Europe's broad FTSEurofirst 300 index closed down 0.37 percent, at 1,475.46. The cautious mood stoked demand for gold, U.S. government debt, and the Japanese yen, with spot gold prices touching a three-week high of $1,250.51 an ounce and the dollar hitting a four-month low against the yen of 110.76 yen. Yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes hit a more than three-week low of 2.375 percent as their prices rallied. Benchmark Brent crude oil prices fell to a nearly four-month low of $49.71 a barrel and U.S. crude prices hit their own nearly four-month trough of $47.01 a barrel after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected, piling pressure on OPEC to extend output cuts beyond June. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was last down 0.2 percent at 99.600 after hitting a nearly seven-week low of 99.563 earlier. "People are losing confidence in a swift moving set of congressional reform," said Ian Lyngen, head of U.S. rates strategy at BMO Capital Markets in New York. (Additional reporting by Nigel Stephenson in London, Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru and Karen Brettell in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web The Jaw Dropping Reason ‘Magnum P.I.’ Went Off The Air DailyDisclosure These Are the Poorest Countries in the World FindTheData — By Graphiq Their Marriage Was Perfect In The 90s, So Why Did They Dec.. Kiwireport More from The Times of India Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India Adith Is fighting something Worse Than CancerMILAAP Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter!Milaap 10 Princesses Who Are Even More Stunning Than Kate MiddletonOMG LANE Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These..New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Enraged Israeli leader lashes out at U.S.Reuters TV The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Best day to campaign with wife is Valentine’s Day’ ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Ad: Milaap 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Hindustan Zinc announces special interim dividend of Rs 27.50/share Hindustan Zinc today announced a one-time interim dividend of Rs 13,985 crore for the financial year 2016-17. Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. From around the Web You Won't Be Able To Look Away From These Heartwarming Bab.. Dogsome.net Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP 42 More Perfectly Timed Photos That Will Blow Your Mind Appurse Powerful Security Solutions WSJ Custom Studios for Konica Minolta More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreYorkwaterton global resource managementwatertonWashingtonu s treasuries Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners India eases rules for old oil, gas blocks; to unlock $21 bln reserves Armenia arrests opposition activist for weapon smuggling Utilities index hits highest level since August Raw sugar rebounds above 10-month low, arabica coffee dips 1Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold rallies 2India eases rules for old oil, gas blocks; to unlock $21 bln reserves 3Armenia arrests opposition activist for weapon smuggling 4Utilities index hits highest level since August 5Raw sugar rebounds above 10-month low, arabica coffee dips Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament Shooting CM Adityanath UP Cabinet Ministers Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Live: Shooting in UK Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Yogi Adityanath Trivendra Singh Rawat Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold rallies Shares1 Wed, 22 Mar 2017-11:39pm , Reuters Most U.S. and European share indexes fell or were little changed on Wednesday as concerns over potential delays to President Donald Trump's pro-growth policies again unnerved investors, while safe-haven gold, U.S. Treasuries, and the yen rallied. The benchmark U.S. S&P 500 stock index briefly hit its lowest level in five weeks, while the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares hit a roughly two-week low as investors increasingly worried about whether Trump would be able to push ahead with his pro-growth policies. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer than expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. Caution continued to prevail a day after the S&P 500 closed down 1.2 percent in its worst daily performance since Oct. 11. CBOE's VIX index, known as the "fear gauge", briefly topped 13 for the first time since mid-January on Wednesday, but was last down 1 percent at 12.31. U.S. and European shares were little affected by an attack in London near the British parliament which left several people injured and, according to Sky News, two people dead. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materialize as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." MSCI's all-country world equity index was last down 1.33 points, or 0.3 percent, at 446.72. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was last down 34.5 points, or 0.17 percent, at 20,633.51. The S&P 500 was up 1.08 points, or 0.05 percent, at 2,345.1. The Nasdaq Composite was up 12.26 points, or 0.21 percent, at 5,806.08. Europe's broad FTSEurofirst 300 index closed down 0.37 percent, at 1,475.46. The cautious mood stoked demand for gold, U.S. government debt, and the Japanese yen, with spot gold prices touching a three-week high of $1,250.51 an ounce and the dollar hitting a four-month low against the yen of 110.76 yen. Yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes hit a more than three-week low of 2.375 percent as their prices rallied. Benchmark Brent crude oil prices fell to a nearly four-month low of $49.71 a barrel and U.S. crude prices hit their own nearly four-month trough of $47.01 a barrel after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected, piling pressure on OPEC to extend output cuts beyond June. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was last down 0.2 percent at 99.600 after hitting a nearly seven-week low of 99.563 earlier. "People are losing confidence in a swift moving set of congressional reform," said Ian Lyngen, head of U.S. rates strategy at BMO Capital Markets in New York. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Is your sensitive data like Aadhaar, PAN card details safe with the government? Money Skoda sold 11.26 lakh vehicles globally in 2016 Money Dollar edges up from 4-month low; Trump's healthcare bill in focus Money Rupee rebounds 5 paise in early trade Money BSE recoups losses, up 87 points in early trade Money Finance Bill 2017: Govt proposes lower cap on cash transactions at Rs 2 lakh Related Sensex slumps 318 points, Nifty goes below 9100 on global clues Reliance Industries' Mukesh Ambani is India's richest on Forbes list Asian shares near 15-month high, dollar soft on less hawkish US Fed Video It's time to end gender stereotyping roles for parenting! Watch: Unrepentant, Shiv Sena MP admits to beating Air India staff 25 times with his slipper! Anushka Sharma and Diljit Dosanjh REVEAL secrets playing 'Never Have I Ever' with DNA! View all Tags Donald Trump Europe Houston London MSCI New York Opec Sky News U. S. S&P U. S. Treasuries U. S. Treasury BMO Capital Benchmark Brent CBOE CBOE VIX Dow Jones Industrial Average Ian Lyngen J. P. Morgan Private Bank Nasdaq Composite Obamacare republican SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News "Medical attention cannot wait": HC, directs striking doctors Yogi's slaughterhouse ban hits Lucknow's 'Tunday Kababi' Greek objections mar preparations for EU's 60th birthday Gaikwad writes to Aviation Minsiter, LS Speaker justifying his assault on AI staffer Siemens wins order from Bangladesh Rural Electrification Board Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Is Aishwarya Rai Bachchan MIFFED with Karan Johar for skipping her father's funeral?KJo missed Krishnaraj Rai funeral last weekend... Piracy, TV telecast of films biggest concern for producers Telugu film producer, Daggubati Suresh Babu, says that I don't consider myself a tech-savvy person: Deepika Padukone Wait, WHAT?? Hazel Keech RUBBISHES rumours of her and Yuvraj Singh doing 'Nach Baliye 8' Money AI mulling preparing a no-fly list for unruly passengers Airtel to acquire Tikona Networks' 4G biz for about Rs 1,600cr Finmin, bankers to meet on utilising excess liquidity Govt sanctions Rs 5,021 crore to 10 states hit by disasters Singh said under the Comprehensive Telecom Development Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold rallies Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Apple unveils red iPhones Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold rallies GLOBAL-MARKETS:Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold ralliesReuters | Mar 22, 2017, 11.40 PM IST By Sam Forgione NEW YORK (Reuters) - Most U.S. and European share indexes fell or were little changed on Wednesday as concerns over potential delays to President Donald Trump's pro-growth policies again unnerved investors, while safe-haven gold, U.S. Treasuries, and the yen rallied. The benchmark U.S. S&P 500 stock index briefly hit its lowest level in five weeks, while the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares hit a roughly two-week low as investors increasingly worried about whether Trump would be able to push ahead with his pro-growth policies. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer than expected to pass, then Trump's tax reform policies may face setbacks. Caution continued to prevail a day after the S&P 500 closed down 1.2 percent in its worst daily performance since Oct. 11. CBOE's VIX index , known as the "fear gauge", briefly topped 13 for the first time since mid-January on Wednesday, but was last down 1 percent at 12.31. U.S. and European shares were little affected by an attack in London near the British parliament which left several people injured and, according to Sky News, two people dead. "The markets were reminded yesterday the 'Trump trade' is not a one-way trade and there's room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materialize as quickly as we want," said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. "The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either." MSCI's all-country world equity index was last down 1.33 points, or 0.3 percent, at 446.72. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was last down 34.5 points, or 0.17 percent, at 20,633.51. The S&P 500 was up 1.08 points, or 0.05 percent, at 2,345.1. The Nasdaq Composite was up 12.26 points, or 0.21 percent, at 5,806.08. Europe's broad FTSEurofirst 300 index closed down 0.37 percent, at 1,475.46. The cautious mood stoked demand for gold, U.S. government debt, and the Japanese yen, with spot gold prices touching a three-week high of $1,250.51 an ounce and the dollar hitting a four-month low against the yen of 110.76 yen . Yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes hit a more than three-week low of 2.375 percent as their prices rallied. Benchmark Brent crude oil prices fell to a nearly four-month low of $49.71 a barrel and U.S. crude prices hit their own nearly four-month trough of $47.01 a barrel after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected, piling pressure on OPEC to extend output cuts beyond June. The dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was last down 0.2 percent at 99.600 after hitting a nearly seven-week low of 99.563 earlier. "People are losing confidence in a swift moving set of congressional reform," said Ian Lyngen, head of U.S. rates strategy at BMO Capital Markets in New York. (Additional reporting by Nigel Stephenson in London, Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru and Karen Brettell in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP 4 Hidden Shores Calling Your Name VSPC The Jaw Dropping Reason ‘Magnum P.I.’ Went Off The Air DailyDisclosure More from The Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Navya Naveli Nanda chills with her new friend in New York Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab From the Web More From The Times of India Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter!Milaap This Single Father needs help to fight cancerMILAAP 8 Adorable '90s Couples Who Are Still Happily MarriedLivingly These Are the Poorest Countries in the WorldFindTheData — By Graphiq His Insane Backyard Pool Idea is Actually Genius (Pics)Grizly OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide The rise and rise of Yogi Adityanath Mollywood's lesbian outing ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Help 7-year-old Sanpreet fight blood cancer! Ad: MILAAP Exclusive US NRI payment plan. Pay 20% now and 80% on Poss Ad: Kanakia Group Hindustan Zinc announces special interim dividend of Rs 27.50/share Hindustan Zinc today announced a one-time interim dividend of Rs 13,985 crore for the financial year 2016-17. Sensex cracks 317 points, Nifty slips below 9,050 The domestic equity market succumbed to the weak global cues and saw its biggest fall of the year as telecom, banking and auto stocks came under heavy selling pressure. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 318 points to settle at 29,167 with ITC, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors contributing most to the fall. The 30-share index, which opened at 29,341 against the previous close of 29,485, hit an intraday high and low of 29,341 and 29,137, respectively. From around the Web Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Milaap Kanakia Miami - Mahim. Pay 10% now and 90% on Possession Kanakia Group 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Top 10 Bollywood Actresses who are paid the highest paycheck BOLLYWOODUNION More From The Times of India Kangana to walk out of Rani Laxmi Bai biopic? Times of India Taimur isn’t the only star kid in town: Saif Ali Khan Times of India Panneerselvam seeks security from Centre Times of India Read MoreYorku s treasuriesu s s&pTrumpstocks Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Europe Gasoline/Naphtha-Gasoline barge crack edges lower Revolutionary overhaul of dinosaur family tree proposed Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold rallies Generali picks Rothschild to sell three Latam units - sources 1Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold rallies 2Europe Gasoline/Naphtha-Gasoline barge crack edges lower 3Revolutionary overhaul of dinosaur family tree proposed 4Stocks slip on doubts over Trump policies, gold rallies 5Generali picks Rothschild to sell three Latam units - sources Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends PM Modi Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament Shooting CM Adityanath UP Cabinet Ministers Navjot Singh Sidhu D-Mart Maharashtra Doctors strike Live: Shooting in UK Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Vodafone Idea merger Live: India vs Australia Jat Protest Yogi Adityanath Breaking News India vs Aus 2017 Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics D-Mart Ram Mandir dispute Yogi Adityanath UP CM IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
topamax recall Thursday, Mar. 23, 2017 News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Arts Statistics Real Estate Youth Church Obituaries Farm Business-Employment Community & Columns Calendar About Us Submit Stories Archives RSS Real Estate Transfers 3/22/17 Digg this post Recommend on Facebook Share via MySpace Tweet about it Print for later Tell a friend Delores A. Hartman to FFF Properties LLC, lot 8-3, Van Wert subdivision 5. Sierra Burnett to Van Wert County Land Reutilization Corporation, inlot 1309, Van Wert. Jennifer L. Carder and Jennifer L. Ditto to David V. Ditto, inlot 814, Delphos. James L. Finkhousen, Nancy Finkhousen, and Nancy K. Finkhousen to Stephen D. Finkhousen, portion of inlot 1178, Van Wert. Estate of Gail M. Packer and Estate of Gail Marie Leiter to David E. Packer, portion of section 21, Pleasant Township (lot 6 Pleasant View Acres). Estate of Frederick H. Germann to Jane L. Germann, portion of section 35, Tully Township, portion of inlots 121, 122, Convoy. Grace B. Miller Revocable Trust to James D. Miller, portion of section 25, Tully Township. Michael E. Miller and Debra L. Miller to Kenneth L. Parsons and Tracy A. Gibson, inlot 463, portion of inlot 464, Delphos. Kelly A. Adams to Linda K. Jones, inlot 3897, Van Wert. Robert C. Adams II and Madison J. Adams to Bradly A. Balliet, portion of inlot 1123, Van Wert.Estate of Elmer E. Freund to Margene M. Freund, Timothy L. Freund, Jane J. Clevenger, Elaine S. Twigg, Elaine Freund Twigg, Christine M. Fischer, and Amelia M. Miller, portion of section 12, Washington Township. Estate of Leila Annette Brown and estate of Leila A. Brown to Rockey E. Taylor, outlets 141-3, 141-5, Van Wert. Rockey E. Taylor and Debora L. Taylor to Derek Joseph Miller and Samantha Lee Miller, portion of section 22, York Township. James Lloyd, Bonnie Lloyd, and Courtney Lloyd to Michael Mangen, portion of inlot 56, Willshire. Michael Mangen and Amber Mangen to Marilyn J. Tumblern, portion of inlot 56, Willshire. Four B’s Real Estate to Slippery Fish LLC, inlot 5, Delphos. JPMorgan Chase Bank to Debra Long, inlots 1302, 1303, Van Wert. Chris H. Reichert and Barbara J. Reichert to Kyle L. Price, portion of section 35, Pleasant Township. Roxann Bonifas, Karen L. Bruns, Thomas B. Reindel, Margie R. Basinger, Louis Bonifas, Louis J.Bonifas, Rick Bruns, Gregory Basinger and Gregory S. Basinger to Reindel Four LLC, portion of section 26, Ridge Township, portion of section 28, Washington Township. Margene M. Freund, Timothy L. Freund, Jane J. Clevenger, Elaine S. Twigg, Elaine Freund Teig, Christine M. Fischer, Amelia M. Miller, Joyce Freund, Robert Fischer, and Larry Miller to Alyssa M. Miller, portion of section 12, Washington Township.   POSTED: 03/22/17 at 12:39 pm. FILED UNDER: Real Estate Transfers Copyright © 2010-2017 The Van Wert Independent — Subscribe to our RSS feed — Web Site Design by J. DeWert Enterprises, LLC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dril-Quip Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dril-Quip Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Dril-Quip, Inc. (DRQ) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Dril-Quip, Inc. (NYSE:DRQ) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “Dril-Quip’s stock showed significant pricing weaknesses over the last one year. During the aforesaid period, the company’s shares slipped 13%, whereas the Zacks categorized Oil Field Machinery & Equipment industry gained more than 3%. Dril-Quip’s earnings surprise history is is also disappointing. Earnings missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in three of the last four quarters with an average negative surprise of 4.81%. Moreover, The Zacks Consensus Estimate for first-quarter 2017 has been revised downward over the last 30 days. Lower oil prices than mid-2014 may also hinder the company’s earnings potential. This is beacuse weak crude may lead to lower exploration and production activities, in turn, limiting contracts for the Oil Field Machinery & Equipment industry.” DRQ has been the subject of a number of other reports. Barclays PLC raised Dril-Quip from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and increased their target price for the stock from $54.00 to $77.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. Guggenheim cut Dril-Quip from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Scotiabank set a $65.00 target price on Dril-Quip and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. Dril-Quip currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $62.89. Dril-Quip (NYSE:DRQ) traded down 1.91% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $51.25. The stock had a trading volume of 171,483 shares. Dril-Quip has a 1-year low of $46.90 and a 1-year high of $69.40. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $59.76 and a 200-day moving average of $57.31. The firm has a market cap of $1.94 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.75 and a beta of 0.73. Your IP Address: A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in DRQ. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Dril-Quip during the fourth quarter worth approximately $24,435,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in Dril-Quip by 25,556.5% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 305,825 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,047,000 after buying an additional 304,633 shares during the period. First Quadrant L P CA raised its stake in Dril-Quip by 14,549.2% in the third quarter. First Quadrant L P CA now owns 292,984 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,331,000 after buying an additional 290,984 shares during the period. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Dril-Quip by 17.4% in the third quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 1,897,147 shares of the company’s stock worth $105,747,000 after buying an additional 281,198 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Dril-Quip by 40.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 743,417 shares of the company’s stock worth $41,438,000 after buying an additional 214,640 shares during the period. About Dril-Quip Dril-Quip, Inc (Dril-Quip) designs, manufactures, sells and services engineered offshore drilling and production equipment. The Company’s principal products consist of subsea and surface wellheads, subsea and surface production trees, subsea control systems and manifolds, mudline hanger systems, specialty connectors and associated pipe, drilling and production riser systems, liner hangers, wellhead connectors and diverters. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Dril-Quip (DRQ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Dril-Quip Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dril-Quip Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
