WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Emerging Markets Wary EM Investors Should Consider Citi Shares The global bank has a big developing-market presence but fewer dollar, volatility risks than the markets themselves. By Dimitra DeFotis Biography Updated Feb. 11, 2017 1:26 a.m. ET Emerging Markets From one perspective, Citigroup shares look risky because about half of its profits come from outside the U.S., well above the level of most of its big domestic peers. JPMorgan Chase, for example, derives roughly 25% from... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Provident Financial Services Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial Services Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) Price Target at $65.57 Brokerages Set Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JNP) Target Price at $18.75 Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives GBX 249 Average PT from Brokerages KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss ArcelorMittal (MT) Receives $5.79 Average PT from Analysts Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sabre Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SABR) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) 603,635 Shares in Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new stake in shares of Provident Financial Services, Inc (NYSE:PFS) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 603,635 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,815,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company owned approximately 0.95% of Provident Financial Services as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of PFS. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Provident Financial Services by 32.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 129,862 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,758,000 after buying an additional 31,630 shares during the period. LSV Asset Management boosted its position in shares of Provident Financial Services by 26.4% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 70,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,492,000 after buying an additional 14,700 shares during the period. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC boosted its position in shares of Provident Financial Services by 2,035.5% in the second quarter. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC now owns 392,726 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,626,000 after buying an additional 374,336 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Provident Financial Services by 3.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 825,111 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,517,000 after buying an additional 26,011 shares during the period. Finally, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its position in shares of Provident Financial Services by 4.6% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 79,527 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,685,000 after buying an additional 3,508 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 61.91% of the company’s stock. Provident Financial Services, Inc (NYSE:PFS) traded up 0.97% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $26.15. 121,983 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $27.16 and its 200 day moving average is $23.92. Provident Financial Services, Inc has a 52 week low of $18.32 and a 52 week high of $28.92. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.95 and a beta of 0.99. Provident Financial Services (NYSE:PFS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 27th. The company reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.01. Provident Financial Services had a return on equity of 7.11% and a net margin of 24.55%. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.34 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Provident Financial Services, Inc will post $1.47 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 28th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.18 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 13th. This represents a $0.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.75%. Provident Financial Services’s payout ratio is 52.17%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/603635-shares-in-provident-financial-services-inc-pfs-acquired-by-the-manufacturers-life-insurance-company.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Provident Financial Services from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $25.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. In other news, Director Frank L. Fekete sold 5,871 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.50, for a total transaction of $155,581.50. Following the sale, the director now owns 46,005 shares in the company, valued at $1,219,132.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP James D. Nesci sold 26,598 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.03, for a total value of $692,345.94. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 27,603 shares in the company, valued at approximately $718,506.09. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 52,589 shares of company stock worth $1,381,107 in the last 90 days. Insiders own 3.30% of the company’s stock. About Provident Financial Services Provident Financial Services Inc is a holding company for The Provident Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a New Jersey-chartered capital stock savings bank. As a community and customer-oriented institution, the Bank provides personal service and customer convenience in serving the financial needs of the individuals, families and businesses residing in its primary markets areas. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PFS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Provident Financial Services, Inc (NYSE:PFS). Receive News & Ratings for Provident Financial Services Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial Services Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Increased by Two Sigma Advisers LP February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Two Sigma Advisers LP raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 114.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 720,180 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 384,012 shares during the period. Two Sigma Advisers LP’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $47,957,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of JPM. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.7% in the second quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 2,014 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $125,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. CT Financial Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 4.2% in the third quarter. CT Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,187 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $146,000 after buying an additional 89 shares in the last quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 82.2% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 2,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. Hanson McClain Inc. increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 1.3% in the second quarter. Hanson McClain Inc. now owns 2,384 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 31 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Reilly Financial Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 13.0% in the third quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,444 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 281 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.65% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) traded down 0.23% on Friday, hitting $87.00. The stock had a trading volume of 10,992,466 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $310.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.05 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 1-year low of $54.33 and a 1-year high of $88.17. The company’s 50 day moving average is $85.92 and its 200-day moving average is $74.65. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The business earned $24.30 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.48 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.68 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.55 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 6th were given a dividend of $0.48 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, January 4th. This represents a $1.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.21%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Increased by Two Sigma Advisers LP” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stake-increased-by-two-sigma-advisers-lp.html. A number of research analysts have commented on JPM shares. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “outperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $70.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $78.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. FBR & Co restated an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Vetr downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $71.84 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and twenty have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $77.05. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 6,728 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total transaction of $566,228.48. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 115,938 shares in the company, valued at $9,757,342.08. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 21,532 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $1,801,582.44. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 86,338 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,223,900.46. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 202,699 shares of company stock valued at $17,009,515. Company insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature How to Invest With Ackman, Loeb, and Einhorn at a Discount Publicly traded closed-end funds offer a chance to invest with high-profile hedge fund managers. By Andrew Bary Biography February 11, 2017 A pair of European-listed, closed-end funds offers individuals a cheap way to invest with prominent hedge-fund managers Bill Ackman and Daniel Loeb. These closed-ends, Ackman’s Pershing Square Holdings (ticker: PSH.Netherlands) and Loeb’s Third Point Offshore Investors (TPOU.UK), both trade at sizable discounts to net asset value. They offer other advantages as well, including daily liquidity and no investment minimums. The... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ArcelorMittal - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) ArcelorMittal (MT) Receives $5.79 Average PT from Analysts February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet ArcelorMittal (NYSE:MT) has been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the nineteen analysts that are presently covering the stock. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, ten have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating on the company. The average 12-month price objective among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $6.03. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on MT shares. Bank of America Corporation cut ArcelorMittal from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $7.70 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of ArcelorMittal in a report on Wednesday, November 9th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $10.00 price target on ArcelorMittal and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of ArcelorMittal in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut ArcelorMittal from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, November 14th. ArcelorMittal (NYSE:MT) opened at 8.76 on Wednesday. ArcelorMittal has a one year low of $3.17 and a one year high of $8.84. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $7.90 and a 200 day moving average of $6.93. The firm’s market capitalization is $26.80 billion. ArcelorMittal (NYSE:MT) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, November 8th. The company reported $0.22 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.04. ArcelorMittal had a negative net margin of 9.37% and a positive return on equity of 4.14%. The company had revenue of $14.52 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.59 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.09) EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that ArcelorMittal will post $0.51 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “ArcelorMittal (MT) Receives $5.79 Average PT from Analysts” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/arcelormittal-mt-receives-5-79-average-pt-from-analysts.html. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Stevens Capital Management LP acquired a new stake in shares of ArcelorMittal during the third quarter valued at about $4,923,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal by 73.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,607,239 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,868,000 after buying an additional 2,368,359 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co. increased its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal by 4,654.4% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 353,493 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,135,000 after buying an additional 346,058 shares during the period. SG Americas Securities LLC increased its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal by 15.3% in the third quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 1,186,806 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,168,000 after buying an additional 157,554 shares during the period. Finally, Highland Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal by 0.7% in the third quarter. Highland Capital Management LLC now owns 45,035 shares of the company’s stock valued at $272,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. 3.59% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. ArcelorMittal Company Profile ArcelorMittal SA is a Luxembourg- based holding company. It is an integrated steel and mining company. It operates through five segments: NAFTA; Europe; Brazil; Africa and Commonwealth of Independent States (ACIS) and Mining. The NAFTA segment produces flat, long and tubular products. The Brazil segment includes the flat operations of Brazil, and the long and tubular operations of Brazil and neighboring countries. Receive News & Ratings for ArcelorMittal Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature How to Invest With Ackman, Loeb, and Einhorn at a Discount Publicly traded closed-end funds offer a chance to invest with high-profile hedge fund managers. By Andrew Bary Biography February 11, 2017 A pair of European-listed, closed-end funds offers individuals a cheap way to invest with prominent hedge-fund managers Bill Ackman and Daniel Loeb. These closed-ends, Ackman’s Pershing Square Holdings (ticker: PSH.Netherlands) and Loeb’s Third Point Offshore Investors (TPOU.UK), both trade at sizable discounts to net asset value. They offer other advantages as well, including daily liquidity and no investment minimums. The... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW) Stake Increased by BlackRock Inc. February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in ACI Worldwide Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) by 4.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 51,554 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,193 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc.’s holdings in ACI Worldwide were worth $999,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in ACI Worldwide by 0.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 8,661,190 shares of the company’s stock valued at $168,979,000 after buying an additional 38,457 shares during the period. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of ACI Worldwide by 13.1% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 444,717 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,677,000 after buying an additional 51,536 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of ACI Worldwide by 0.3% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,555,779 shares of the company’s stock valued at $49,862,000 after buying an additional 8,733 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its stake in shares of ACI Worldwide by 13.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 16,615 shares of the company’s stock valued at $324,000 after buying an additional 2,002 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of ACI Worldwide by 47.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 323,799 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,318,000 after buying an additional 103,492 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 99.88% of the company’s stock. ACI Worldwide Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW) traded up 0.32% during trading on Thursday, reaching $18.88. 326,254 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. ACI Worldwide Inc. has a 12 month low of $15.07 and a 12 month high of $22.00. The company has a 50-day moving average of $18.66 and a 200 day moving average of $18.85. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.00 and a beta of 1.47. ACI Worldwide (NASDAQ:ACIW) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported ($0.04) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.16 by $0.20. The firm had revenue of $217 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $246.61 million. ACI Worldwide had a return on equity of 4.27% and a net margin of 10.97%. The firm’s revenue was down 9.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.13 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that ACI Worldwide Inc. will post $0.41 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Several analysts recently commented on ACIW shares. Monness Crespi & Hardt reduced their price objective on shares of ACI Worldwide from $26.00 to $24.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of ACI Worldwide from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Stephens upgraded shares of ACI Worldwide from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. ACI Worldwide presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $22.67. About ACI Worldwide ACI Worldwide, Inc develops, markets, installs and supports a line of software products and services primarily focused on facilitating electronic payments. The Company also distributes or acts as a sales agent for software developed by third parties. These products and services are used principally by financial institutions, retailers, billers and electronic payment processors, both in domestic and international markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ACIW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ACI Worldwide Inc. (NASDAQ:ACIW). Business Post navigation The BlackRock Inc. Purchases 882 Shares of Esterline Technologies Corp. (ESL) The BlackRock Inc. Purchases 8,538 Shares of G-III Apparel Group Ltd. (GIII) Related posts February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The Aegion Corp. (AEGN) Receives $26.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Aegion Corp. (NASDAQ:AEGN) has received an average rating of “Buy” from the eight analysts that are... February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The MPLX LP (MPLX) Receives $37.31 Average PT from Brokerages Shares of MPLX LP (NYSE:MPLX) have been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the nineteen... February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The Brokerages Set Radius Health Inc. (RDUS) PT at $61.50 Shares of Radius Health Inc. (NASDAQ:RDUS) have been given an average rating of “Hold” by the... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Aegion Corp. (AEGN) Receives $26.00 Average Price Target from Analysts The MPLX LP (MPLX) Receives $37.31 Average PT from Brokerages The Brokerages Set Radius Health Inc. (RDUS) PT at $61.50 The Analysts Issue Forecasts for Statoil ASA’s Q4 2016 Earnings (STO) The National Retail Properties (NNN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research The Jefferies Group Comments on Pioneer Natural Resources Co.’s FY2016 Earnings (PXD) The Gerdau SA (GGB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages The Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ZYNE) Receives $30.43 Consensus PT from Brokerages The Brokerages Set EVRAZ plc (EVR) PT at $106.40 The Avago Technologies’ (AVGO) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Loop Capital The Pearson PLC (PSO) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research The Century Aluminum Co. (CENX) Receives $7.13 Average Target Price from Analysts The Analysts Set Universal Display Corp. (OLED) Target Price at $67.00 The TerraForm Global Inc. (GLBL) Receives $6.17 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages The Analysts Set Harris Corp. (HRS) Target Price at $101.50 The Zacks: WD-40 Co. (WDFC) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts The Zacks: Sundance Energy Australia Ltd. (SNDE) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages The Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. (PKOH) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts The Zacks: City Holding Co. (CHCO) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts The KeyCorp Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Halyard Health Inc. (HYH) © DailyQuint.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Ahead of the Crowd 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Big corporate tax changes proposed by the House of Representatives would significantly help these firms. By Jack Hough Biography Feb. 10, 2017 5:54 a.m. ET Regeneron Pharmaceuticals stock (ticker: REGN) is down 4% since Election Day. Yet it popped up in a recent screen for companies poised to benefit from sweeping corporate tax changes proposed by the U.S. House of Representatives. (And Regeneron shares popped Thursday.) On the other hand, Deere (DE) is up 22% over that stretch, yet it screens as a company that could get pinched by the new tax plan. It’s early to speculate on precisely how corporate taxes will change. But Donald Trump is reportedly warming to a House plan... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Model N Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Model N Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Model N, Inc. (NYSE:MODN) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a note issued to investors on Saturday. The brokerage presently has a $11.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 8.91% from the stock’s previous close. According to Zacks, “Model N, Inc. provides revenue management solutions for the life science and technology industries. It develops applications, such as managed care and government pricing for life science companies; and channel incentives based on design wins for technology companies. In addition, it offers implementation, managed, strategic, and customer support services. Model N, Inc. is headquartered in Redwood Shores, California. “ MODN has been the subject of several other reports. JMP Securities restated a “hold” rating on shares of Model N in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Stifel Nicolaus upped their target price on shares of Model N from $9.00 to $11.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Model N from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $12.00 price target on the stock in a report on Friday, November 11th. Finally, Craig Hallum cut shares of Model N from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their price target for the company from $14.00 to $10.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Model N currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $12.00. Model N (NYSE:MODN) opened at 10.10 on Friday. The stock’s market capitalization is $282.87 million. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $8.96 and its 200 day moving average is $9.90. Model N has a 12 month low of $6.97 and a 12 month high of $13.98. Model N (NYSE:MODN) last announced its earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported ($0.15) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.17) by $0.02. The business earned $28.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $27.32 million. Model N had a negative net margin of 29.77% and a negative return on equity of 42.79%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 14.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.16) earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Model N will post ($0.70) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-model-n-inc-modn-to-buy.html. In other news, CEO Zack Rinat acquired 2,905 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 10th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $10.09 per share, with a total value of $29,311.45. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, SVP Christopher Larsen sold 8,523 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.53, for a total transaction of $72,701.19. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 160,995 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,373,287.35. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 20.40% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Trellus Management Company LLC purchased a new stake in Model N during the third quarter worth $199,000. Spark Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in Model N during the third quarter worth $458,000. Cowen Prime Services LLC purchased a new stake in Model N during the third quarter worth $583,000. Pier 88 Investment Partners LLC purchased a new stake in Model N during the fourth quarter worth $770,000. Finally, Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio boosted its stake in Model N by 10.5% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 74,923 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,000,000 after buying an additional 7,100 shares during the period. 66.34% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Model N Model N, Inc is a provider of revenue management solutions for life science and technology companies. The Company’s solutions enable its customers to maximize revenues and reduce revenue compliance risk by transforming their revenue life cycle from a series of tactical, disjointed operations into a strategic end-to-end process. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Model N (MODN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Model N Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Model N Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Chandigarh Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events Elections 2017 ALL News » City News » Chandigarh News » Schools & Colleges » IIM Rohtak student skips placement for own start-up IIM Rohtak student skips placement for own start-upSat Singh | TNN | Feb 11, 2017, 11.13 AM IST (Representative image) ROHTAK: A final year student at Indian Institute of Management, Rohtak, has opted out of campus placement process to start his venture. Srinikith Raparthi, 23, claims he is keen on creating jobs in energy conservation sector. Over 57 companies, including JP Morgan Chase, ICICI Bank, RBL Bank, Thomson Reuters, Arcesium, SBI, Yes Bank, Amazon, L&T, Azure Power, IDFC Bank and Idea Cellular, have visited the IIM Rohtak campus this time to hire fresh pass-outs from the post graduate programme in management (PGPM). Students of the 2017batch of PGPM at the institute have got an average salary of Rs 12.3 lakh in the campus placements. "Working for something, which I believe in, gives me greater satisfaction than working for an MNC. I believe in creating a sustainable business that can have a social impact. I believe in creating employ ment rather than seeking one.And when you believe something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favour," said Srinikith. Hailing from Hyderabad, Srinikith did his engineering from National Institute of Technology (NIT), Agartala, before cracking CAT. He said he was almost ready to set up his prototype of installing solar panels on house rooftops at his hometown initially . Once it succeeds in Hyderabad, he plans to replicate the model at other locations. "Experience and expertise are two things that are needed to get a big project. I believe my start-up would give me both," claimed Srinikith, whose father is also a businessman in Hyderabad. Srinikith said his company will provide energy solutions to residential households and businesses through grid-connected solar rooftop systems.The company will also sell solar power to government distribution companies. Bizdome Incubation Centre at IIM Rohtak, which has already approved his solar project, has offered mentorship and patching up with prospective investors to adopt the idea. "Every one of the wannabe managers from IIM Rohtak would like to start an own venture but doing it right after the PGPM degree remains a big challenge," Bizdome Incubation Centre managing director Prof Venkatesh Murty said. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION Gopal needs your support for an heart surgery Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdown CRITICSUNION More from The Times of India Is Mollywood high on drugs? CID's Inspector Purvi is holidaying in Dubai, see pics Barack Obama goes kitesurfing during private island getaway From the Web More From The Times of India Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became BlockbustersBollywood Union Save Mother of two young boys from Cancer!Milaap Pre-Launch Godrej Greens @ Undri Pune 2 BHK from 40Lac+Godrej Pune Properties Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In BollywoodBollywoodUnion Save Shrayansh from a life-crippling disorderMilaap NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved The Indira Gandhi the world will never know Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends All is well between Tejashree and Shashank? Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Bhabani attend counselling session Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Budget Live India Budget 2017 Income Tax Slab 2017-18 Budget 2017 News Budget 2017 Highlights Most Popular Not prudent to call Sasikala to form govt, Governor concludes: Sources VK Sasikala's hopes of taking over as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister seem to have gone up in smoke. Governor Vidyasagar Rao is learnt to have concluded that it would be imprudent to invite her to form the government. India formally protests to China for blocking ban on Masood Azhar India has issued a demarche (diplomatic missive) to China regarding its continued block on a UN ban on Jaish-e-Muhammed+ leader Masood Azhar. The MEA confirmed on Thursday demarches had been served to the Chinese embassy in New Delhi and in the foreign office in Beijing by the Indian embassy. Sasikala calls Panneerselvam a liar, says his interactions with Stalin destroyed meaning of Amma’s sacrifice Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Ad: Milaap Karnataka City Corporation installs e-toilets at public places Taking a cue from Swacchh Bharat campaign, Karnataka City Corporation has installed e-toilets at public places in Karnataka's Kalaburagi so that clean and effective management is carried out. Meteorological dept in Kashmir comes to rescue of locals Latest technologies at the meteorological department in Srinagar is helping locals as well as government officials keep a track about the changing of weather across Kashmir valley in advance. From around the Web Help this 11-year-old fight acute Cancer! Milaap Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir Desai Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+ Godrej Pune - New Projects She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap More From The Times of India Is Virat Kohli risking his relationship with Anushka? Times of India Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks TOI Website ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' TOI Website Read Morevenkatesh murtyThomson ReutersNational Institute of TechnologyIdea Cellularhyderabad srinikith Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Chandigarh Chandigarh Travel Guide How to reach Chandigarh Hotels in Chandigarh Restaurants in Chandigarh Places to visit in Chandigarh Things to do in Chandigarh Shopping in Chandigarh Nightlife in Chandigarh Weekend getaways from Chandigarh Itineraries Chandigarh Map Chandigarh Photos Download Chandigarh Travel Guide From our Global Partners Lawyer on higher pedestal than nambardar, says Haryana high court Jat outfits divided on dialogue 2 gangsters shot dead near Gohana 1IIM Rohtak student skips placement for own start-up 2Lawyer on higher pedestal than nambardar, says Haryana high court 3Jat outfits divided on dialogue 42 gangsters shot dead near Gohana About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Score: India vs Bangladesh Sasikala Live: Assembly Elections 2017 Panneerselvam Live: UP Elections 2017 UP Election Jolly LLB 2 Audience Review Jolly LLB 2 Review India vs Bangladesh 2017 Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RR Donnelley & Sons Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RR Donnelley & Sons Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet UBS Group AG decreased its position in RR Donnelley & Sons Co (NASDAQ:RRD) by 11.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 285,097 shares of the company’s stock after selling 35,584 shares during the period. UBS Group AG owned approximately 0.41% of RR Donnelley & Sons Co worth $4,482,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co by 34.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 17,243,194 shares of the company’s stock valued at $271,063,000 after buying an additional 4,416,517 shares during the period. Epoch Investment Partners Inc. increased its stake in shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co by 1.7% in the third quarter. Epoch Investment Partners Inc. now owns 10,011,426 shares of the company’s stock valued at $157,380,000 after buying an additional 162,703 shares during the period. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co by 6.4% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 4,210,508 shares of the company’s stock valued at $71,409,000 after buying an additional 251,516 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co by 13.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3,631,140 shares of the company’s stock valued at $57,081,000 after buying an additional 432,678 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co by 21.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,594,400 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,784,000 after buying an additional 460,629 shares during the period. Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (NASDAQ:RRD) traded down 1.17% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $17.81. 1,097,624 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. RR Donnelley & Sons Co has a 12 month low of $12.56 and a 12 month high of $32.83. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $17.03 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.43. The firm has a market cap of $1.24 billion, a PE ratio of 14.07 and a beta of 1.74. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be given a dividend of $0.14 per share. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.14%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 13th. RR Donnelley & Sons Co’s payout ratio is presently 196.23%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/ubs-group-ag-sells-35584-shares-of-rr-donnelley-sons-co-rrd.html. About RR Donnelley & Sons Co R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company helps organizations communicate by working to create, manage, produce, distribute and process content on behalf of its customers. The Company operates through segments, which include Publishing and Retail Services, Variable Print, Strategic Services, International and Corporate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RRD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for RR Donnelley & Sons Co (NASDAQ:RRD). Receive News & Ratings for RR Donnelley & Sons Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RR Donnelley & Sons Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Investing Trading Strategies0 A Lightning-Fast Trade to Play "Animal Spirits" Trading Strategies0 The Real Value in Owning Wall Street’s Most Dangerous Stock Trading Strategies0 How the "Era of Apple" Can Come Roaring Back Trading Strategies0 How to Profit from Trump's Immigration Policies Trading Strategies1 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Trump's Latest Order May Unleash America's Big Banks – Here's What You Need to Know Investing Ideas0 Making Wall Street "Great" Again: The Fate of the Fiduciary Rule Apple3 This Is Already the Best Value Stock on the Market – and Just Wait Until Trump Cuts Taxes Investing Ideas0 Trumponomics: Jump into the Market Now and Change Your Future Investing Ideas0 How to Turn a Profit from the Market's Unknowns Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 A Transcript of My Market Brainstorming Session with Peter Boockvar Global Markets0 Stop Hyperventilating – Trump Isn't Planning to "Cheat Retirees" Global Markets0 Here's Why The EU Won't Last Another Five Years Global Markets0 The One Sector That Hasn't Been Fooled by "Dow 20,000 Fever" Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The Truth About the Most Notorious Trades on Wall Street Options0 The Best Stock to Buy This Quarter Options1 Wall Street Is Terrified of These Dynamite Growth Stocks Options0 Why "Buy and Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 This Guy Is Going to Be the Tom Brady of High Tech Technology0 Why "Don't Panic" Is the Best Advice You'll Ever Get Technology0 Trump's Chinese Policy Can't Touch This 40%-per-Year Sector Technology0 This Firm Touches 25% of Home Loans – and It Will Double in 3 Years Technology1 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks8 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 What Next Week's Crucial Energy Summit Means for You Oil0 Why Your Utility Bill Could Be About to Go Up Oil0 Paris Energy Update: I've Never Seen Anything Like This Before… Energy0 This "Classic" Energy Play Is About to Make a Comeback Oil0 Unanticipated Energy Consequences in the "City of Light" Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Don't Count This "Rocky Stock" Out Just Yet No matter how you look at it, The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) is a stock that keeps coming back time and time again. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 A Lightning-Fast Trade to Play "Animal Spirits" Trading Strategies0 The Real Value in Owning Wall Street’s Most Dangerous Stock Trading Strategies0 How the "Era of Apple" Can Come Roaring Back Trading Strategies0 How to Profit from Trump's Immigration Policies Trading Strategies1 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Trump's Latest Order May Unleash America's Big Banks – Here's What You Need to Know Investing Ideas0 Making Wall Street "Great" Again: The Fate of the Fiduciary Rule Apple3 This Is Already the Best Value Stock on the Market – and Just Wait Until Trump Cuts Taxes Investing Ideas0 Trumponomics: Jump into the Market Now and Change Your Future Investing Ideas0 How to Turn a Profit from the Market's Unknowns Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 A Transcript of My Market Brainstorming Session with Peter Boockvar Global Markets0 Stop Hyperventilating – Trump Isn't Planning to "Cheat Retirees" Global Markets0 Here's Why The EU Won't Last Another Five Years Global Markets0 The One Sector That Hasn't Been Fooled by "Dow 20,000 Fever" Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The Truth About the Most Notorious Trades on Wall Street Options0 The Best Stock to Buy This Quarter Options1 Wall Street Is Terrified of These Dynamite Growth Stocks Options0 Why "Buy and Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 This Guy Is Going to Be the Tom Brady of High Tech Technology0 Why "Don't Panic" Is the Best Advice You'll Ever Get Technology0 Trump's Chinese Policy Can't Touch This 40%-per-Year Sector Technology0 This Firm Touches 25% of Home Loans – and It Will Double in 3 Years Technology1 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks8 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 What Next Week's Crucial Energy Summit Means for You Oil0 Why Your Utility Bill Could Be About to Go Up Oil0 Paris Energy Update: I've Never Seen Anything Like This Before… Energy0 This "Classic" Energy Play Is About to Make a Comeback Oil0 Unanticipated Energy Consequences in the "City of Light" Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Stock Market Today Rallies Higher on Trump’s “Phenomenal” Tax Tease Message: URL: https://mney.co/2kWU65j  −  four  =  3 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Stock Market Today Rallies Higher on Trump’s “Phenomenal” Tax Tease Message: URL: https://mney.co/2kWU65j  ×  4  =  32 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Dow Jonesno responses Stock Market Today Rallies Higher on Trump’s “Phenomenal” Tax Tease By Garrett Baldwin, Economist, Money Morning • February 10, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 6  +  9  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The stock market today was back in record territory Friday thanks to increased optimism over President Trump's economic policies and a multiday rally in the price of crude oil. Markets were also aided by an uptick in the Japanese and Chinese markets. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is expected to introduce a new plan to bolster job creation and increase stimulus in order to support its economy. Meanwhile, stronger Chinese trade data indicated that the world's second-largest economy is resilient against growing concerns about President Trump's proposed trade policies. On Thursday, the Dow Jones added another 117 points after President Trump promised to make an announcement on tax reform and investors pushed stocks to record highs. Let's look at the numbers from Thursday for the Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq: Dow Jones: 20,172.33; +117.99; +0.59% S&P 500: 2,307.87; +13.20; +0.58% Nasdaq: 5,715.18; +32.73; +0.58% Here's a look at today's most important market events and stocks, plus a look at Friday's economic calendar. What's Ahead for the Stock Market Today The Dow Jones Industrial Average projected a 34-point gain thanks to increased optimism over Trump's proposed tax policies. The markets are on pace for another record day as banking and energy stocks climb. Just Released: These "Second Salary" Plays Could Make You and Your Grandkids Rich Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS), Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC), and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) all ticked higher in pre-market hours. Despite the sharp rise in U.S. stocks, markets are keeping a close eye on the European financial sector as concerns about Greece are starting to rise again. This morning, the International Monetary Fund and European leaders announced that they had reached an agreement to provide a "common stance" on Greece's required reforms to maintain fiscal solvency in the future. Greek bonds slid on the news. Crude oil prices were pushing higher again thanks to improving signs that OPEC members are on pace to comply with its deal to cap excessive production. According to Reuters, 11 OPEC countries have proven capable of showing a 92% compliance rate with its targeted production cuts. The International Energy Agency indicated that Saudi Arabia, the cartel's largest producer, slashed its production levels by more than the deal required. Trending Now: Three Social Security Secrets the Government Doesn't Want You to Know The rally could be a short one as Baker Hughes Inc. (NYSE: BHI) prepares to report its weekly production rig count later today. The number of energy platforms has increased in five of the last six reports, a sign that U.S. shale producers are pouring back into the market with crude prices above $50 per barrel. On Wednesday, the Energy Information Administration reported a sharp rise in domestic inventory levels. The WTI crude oil price today is up 1.5%. Brent crude gained 1.8%. Shares of Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) and Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) both pushed higher on the news. But the big story is President Donald Trump… During a meeting with airline executives, Trump promised he would soon make a "big league" announcement about U.S. taxes within the next few weeks. "Lowering the overall tax burden on American business is big league. We're way ahead of schedule, I believe," Trump said. "And we're going to announce something, I would say over the next two or three weeks, that will be phenomenal in terms of tax." While speculation will continue to swirl around Trump's tax plans, there is another major financial story surrounding the administration. A federal judge has just blocked Trump's plans to halt a major Obama-era rule designed to ensure that financial brokers place their clients' interests ahead of their own. It's known as the "fiduciary rule," and it could have a big impact on your financial future. Money Morning Capital Wave Strategist Shah Gilani explains that the new "fiduciary" rules that govern retirement accounts are well-intentioned regulations that will require some reform. Here's what this new standard means for your money and your retirement. Stocks to Watch Today, Feb. 10, 2017 Shares of Activision Blizzard Inc. (Nasdaq: ATVI) surged more than 8% after the gaming software provider announced a $1 billion stock buyback program after the firm easily topped Wall Street earnings expectations. In deal news, Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc. (LON: RB) announced it has completed its $16.6 billion deal to purchase infant formula manufacturer Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (NYSE: MJN). Shares of MJN stock added more than 5% on the news. The total value of the deal, including debt, is roughly $17.9 billion. In earnings news, shares of News Corp. (Nasdaq: NWSA) added nearly 1.9% after the media giant reported earnings per share (EPS) of $0.19. That figure topped Wall Street profit expectations by $0.01. The company's quarterly revenue fell in line with expectations. The firm said that its ad revenue struggled for the quarter. Meanwhile, shares of Interpublic Group of Companies Inc. (NYSE: IPG) added more than 3% in pre-market hours after the advertising and marketing giant easily beat Wall Street earnings forecasts. The company boosted its revenue figures thanks to stronger than expected advertising sales. Keep an eye out for additional earnings reports from Buckeye Partners LP (NYSE: BPL), Aon Plc. (NYSE: AON), American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc. (NYSE: AXL), Genpact Ltd. (NYSE: G), Calpine Corp. (NYSE: CPN), Knoll Inc. (NYSE: KNL), CB Richard Ellis Group Inc. (NYSE: CBG), Sensient Technologies Corp. (NYSE: SXT), and Essent Group Ltd. (Nasdaq: ESNT). Today's U.S. Economic Calendar (all times EST) Import and Export Prices at 8:30 a.m. Consumer Sentiment at 10 a.m. Baker Hughes Rig Count at 1 p.m. Treasury Budget at 2 p.m. Editor's Note: One of the fastest-growing tech investment segments is… cannabis? Yes, you read that right. A high-tech approach to cultivating this ancient plant – that's already legal to use in more than half of 50 states – is generating a multibillion-dollar investment opportunity for early investors. Click here to find out more, including how you can get your copy of Michael Robinson's Roadmap to Marijuana Millions. Packed with more than 30 great companies to buy, it's fast becoming "the weed investor's bible." Check it out… Follow Money Morning on Facebook and Twitter. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Stock Market Today Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 5  −   =  two Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Don't Count This "Rocky Stock" Out Just Yet Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Before the Bell Preview (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesA Lightning-Fast Trade to Play "Animal Spirits" Trading StrategiesThe Real Value in Owning Wall Street’s Most Dangerous Stock Trading StrategiesHow the "Era of Apple" Can Come Roaring Back TechnologyThis Guy Is Going to Be the Tom Brady of High Tech TechnologyWhy "Don't Panic" Is the Best Advice You'll Ever Get TechnologyTrump's Chinese Policy Can't Touch This 40%-per-Year Sector Investing IdeasTrump's Latest Order May Unleash America's Big Banks – Here's What You Need to Know Investing IdeasMaking Wall Street "Great" Again: The Fate of the Fiduciary Rule Apple3This Is Already the Best Value Stock on the Market – and Just Wait Until Trump Cuts Taxes OilWhat Next Week's Crucial Energy Summit Means for You OilWhy Your Utility Bill Could Be About to Go Up OilParis Energy Update: I've Never Seen Anything Like This Before… Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News February 10, 2017 By Michael E. Lewitt Leave a Comment A Transcript of My Market Brainstorming Session with Peter Boockvar February 10, 2017 By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment This Silver News Won't Prevent a Bull Run in 2017 February 10, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Dow Hits Another Record High on President Trump's Tax Proposal Trending Posts 9798 Reads 302 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Feb. 6) We have three of the top marijuana stocks to watch this week (Feb. 6). Here's everything you need to know about these three cannabis stocks... 4618 Reads 66 Likes Gold Price Forecast: 6 Catalysts Set to Trigger Seismic Gains The gold price forecast for the next few years is for an all-time high, thanks to six catalysts. Here's a look at each and how it will push gold prices higher. Today's Markets DJIA 96.97 (0.48%) 20,269.37 NASDAQ 18.95 (0.33%) 5,734.13 S&P 8.23 (0.36%) 2,316.10 ATVI 7.50 (18.88%) 47.23 NWSA 0.90 (7.26%) 13.29 IPG 0.96 (4.13%) 24.23 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Rippleshot rallies $2.6 mln February 8, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Chicago-based Rippleshot, a fraud analytics firm, has secured $2.6 million in funding. KDWC led the round with participation from other backers that included CMFG Ventures. In addition to the funding, Rippleshot has named Gloria Colgan to its advisory board. PRESS RELEASE CHICAGO, IL / ACCESSWIRE / February 8, 2017 / Rippleshot, a Chicago-based fraud analytics firm, today announced it has raised $2.6 million in its latest round of funding. KDWC, a Chicago-based venture capital firm which led the group of notable investors, including CMFG Ventures, which is the venture capital entity of CUNA Mutual Group. Rippleshot will use the new funding to grow its technical team of developers and data scientists in order to support the Company’s continued growth in the credit union and banking market, as well as an expansion into the merchant fraud detection space. In addition to closing this latest round of funding, Rippleshot also announced the addition of Gloria Colgan to its advisory board. Colgan is a recognized expert in the emerging payments sector having formerly served as President of PYMNTS.com, a top-ranking source of information in the payments industry, and as a senior executive at Discover Financial Services and JPMorgan Chase. “I am very pleased to join Rippleshot’s impressive board of seasoned payment veterans,” says Gloria Colgan. “This is an extremely exciting time in the company’s growth and I look forward to helping accelerate their leading position in the market.” Rippleshot is transforming the way that issuers, merchants and processors detect fraud through a cloud-based technology solution that leverages machine learning and data analytics to distinguish fraudulent activity more quickly and efficiently. Rippleshot’s award-winning technology processes millions of payment card transactions in real-time to proactively pinpoint when and where a breach of card data occurred. Following detection, Rippleshot then identifies which cards are most at risk of seeing fraudulent activity, and suggests appropriate mitigation strategies to best prevent fraud loss. “This latest round of funding comes at a time where we are in a unique place to help bridge the fraud detection gap between issuers and merchants,” said Canh Tran, CEO and co-founder of Rippleshot. “As we expand into the merchant space, we are excited to put this funding to good use as we work to encourage collaboration across the industry in order to make payments more secure for everyone. With Gloria joining our board, her impressive background will be invaluable as we take the next step in growing our footprint.” About Rippleshot Rippleshot is transforming the way that issuers, merchants and processors detect fraud through a cloud-based technology solution that leverages machine learning and data analytics to distinguish fraudulent activity more quickly and efficiently. Rippleshot’s award-winning technology processes millions of payment card transactions in real-time to proactively pinpoint when and where a breach of card data occurred. Following detection, Rippleshot then identifies which cards are most at risk of seeing fraudulent activity, and suggests appropriate mitigation strategies to best prevent fraud loss. For more information, go to www.rippleshot.com. Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now!  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: customerservice@buyoutsinsider.com. Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, Regent, McKinsey are hiring by Eamon Murphy Long-time GP skips new fund amid heavy competition by Chris Witkowsky Riverside sells YourMembership by Iris Dorbian PE investor group buys University of Phoenix owner for $10 per share by Iris Dorbian BB&T Capital Markets beefs up investment banking team with three new hires by Iris Dorbian Waud Capital invests in Minnesota Eye Consultants by Iris Dorbian Lee Equity promotes five by Iris Dorbian Carlyle to buy Golden Goose Deluxe Brand by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco Santander-Chile - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander-Chile with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Banco Santander-Chile (BSAC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Banco Santander-Chile (NASDAQ:BSAC) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued on Friday. According to Zacks, “Banco Santiago is the largest bank in Chile, in terms of assets with Ch$4,088 billion (approximately US$9.86 billion ) as of March 31, 1997. The bank is the result of the merger of two of the largest institutions in the Chilean banking system, Banco O’Higgins S.A., mainly a corporate bank, and Banco de Santiago S.A., mainly focused in consumer and middle-market lending. “ Separately, Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded Banco Santander-Chile from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their target price for the company from $20.00 to $25.00 in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Banco Santander-Chile currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $22.38. Banco Santander-Chile (NASDAQ:BSAC) traded up 1.15% during trading on Friday, reaching $22.05. The company had a trading volume of 415,455 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $10.39 billion and a P/E ratio of 13.78. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $21.82 and its 200 day moving average price is $21.62. Banco Santander-Chile has a one year low of $16.50 and a one year high of $23.50. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/banco-santander-chile-bsac-rating-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Banco Santander-Chile by 25.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 8,335,668 shares of the company’s stock worth $172,465,000 after buying an additional 1,717,114 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Banco Santander-Chile during the fourth quarter worth about $15,787,000. Todd Asset Management LLC increased its position in Banco Santander-Chile by 171.1% in the third quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC now owns 734,661 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,200,000 after buying an additional 463,643 shares during the period. Harding Loevner LP increased its position in Banco Santander-Chile by 5.1% in the third quarter. Harding Loevner LP now owns 5,715,618 shares of the company’s stock worth $118,256,000 after buying an additional 279,031 shares during the period. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its position in Banco Santander-Chile by 958.0% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 152,495 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,155,000 after buying an additional 138,082 shares during the period. About Banco Santander-Chile Banco Santander-Chile (the Bank), formerly Banco Santander Chile, is a Chilean bank. The Bank’s segments include Retail banking, Middle-market, Global Corporate Banking and Corporate Activities (Other). The Retail Banking segment consists of individuals and small to middle-sized entities (SMEs). The Middle-market segment serves companies and large corporations. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Banco Santander-Chile (BSAC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Banco Santander-Chile Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander-Chile and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What to Look For When Disney Reports Q1 Earnings After the Close By Chris Lange February 7, 2017 10:35 am EST Print Email Tweet Walt Disney Co. (NYSE: DIS) is scheduled to release its fiscal first-quarter financial results after the markets close on Tuesday. The consensus estimates from Thomson Reuters are $1.50 in earnings per share (EPS) and $15.26 billion in revenue. In the same period of last year, the entertainment giant posted EPS of $1.63 and $15.24 billion in revenue. There are a lot of things going in Disney’s favor, even if there has been a huge drag from ESPN losses on cord cutters. ESPN lost a half-million subscribers in October alone, and there are fears that cord-cutting trends will only continue in the year ahead. What if analysts and investors were just too focused on ESPN? Or what if cord cutters just do not keep following the rapid trends? Deutsche Bank in November noted that the ESPN subscriber declines have improved and should improve further. One of the big wild cards for the Mouse House has been its beloved Star Wars franchise, which it purchased for $4 billion. Unless real aliens start arriving on earth, this science fiction universe has literally endless life ahead, and Disney is the one company that can capitalize on Star Wars more than any other. We can look forward to strong numbers from this franchise in this upcoming report. On December 31, 2016, S&P reiterated its Buy rating and $110 price target on Disney. After an interstellar opening weekend for the Star Wars feature “Rogue One,” JPMorgan reiterated its Overweight rating and it named Disney as one of its top picks for 2017. The firm said: We believe this impressive opening weekend performance of the first spin-off film in the Star Wars universe solidifies it as a major franchise for Disney with great longevity that is also likely to translate into solid near-term Consumer Products sales and longer-term greater attendance and per-cap spend at the two Star Wars Lands at Disney World and Disneyland currently being built that we expect to open in 2019 at the earliest. We remain positive on Disney as one of our top picks for 2017, as the success of the company’s films and franchises continue the company’s multi-year, cross-divisional, hugely profitable strategy that should lead to outsized growth compared to peers. A few other analysts have weighed in on Disney ahead of the earnings report: Guggenheim reiterated a Neutral rating with a $118 price target. Jefferies reiterated a Buy rating with a $100 price target. Morgan Stanley has an Overweight rating with a $124 price target. Piper Jaffray has a Buy rating with a $130 target price. Evercore ISI has a Buy rating with a $120 price target. RBC Capital Markets has an Outperform rating with a $130 price target. Barclays has a Hold rating with a $99 price target. Citigroup has a Buy rating with a $124 price target. Needham reiterated a Hold rating. Goldman Sachs has a Buy rating with a $134 price target. JPMorgan reiterated an Overweight rating with a $124 price target. So far in 2017, Disney has outperformed the broad markets, with the stock up over 5%. Over the past 52 weeks, the stock is up 18%. Shares of Walt Disney were trading at $109.37 on Tuesday, with a consensus analyst price target of $114.57 and a 52-week trading range of $86.25 to $111.99. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « US Trade Deficit in 2016 Was the Biggest in 4 Years 383,000 Sign Petition Demanding Amazon Stop Advertising on Breitbart » Read more: Media, Earnings, Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Invests $11,963,000 in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new position in shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 463,701 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock, valued at approximately $11,963,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company owned approximately 0.10% of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in COG. Suntrust Banks Inc. raised its position in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 0.7% in the third quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 10,785 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $278,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD raised its position in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 0.3% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD now owns 36,500 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $941,000 after buying an additional 117 shares during the last quarter. M&T Bank Corp raised its position in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 0.7% in the third quarter. M&T Bank Corp now owns 37,373 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $965,000 after buying an additional 264 shares during the last quarter. Skba Capital Management LLC raised its position in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 2.0% in the third quarter. Skba Capital Management LLC now owns 15,600 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $402,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Capital Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 1.2% in the third quarter. Capital Investment Advisors LLC now owns 31,872 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $822,000 after buying an additional 380 shares during the last quarter. 94.12% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG) traded down 0.66% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $24.07. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,994,329 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $22.52 and a 200 day moving average price of $23.33. The stock’s market capitalization is $11.20 billion. Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation has a 52 week low of $18.48 and a 52 week high of $26.74. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, February 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, January 26th were issued a $0.02 dividend. This represents a $0.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.33%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, January 24th. Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation’s payout ratio is -14.55%. WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/the-manufacturers-life-insurance-company-invests-11963000-in-cabot-oil-gas-corporation-cog.html. A number of research analysts recently weighed in on the company. Scotiabank set a $29.00 price objective on Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc upped their price objective on Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $26.00 to $27.00 in a report on Monday. Bank of America Corporation lowered Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation from a “buy” rating to an “underperform” rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from $27.00 to $21.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Barclays PLC raised Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $22.00 to $25.00 in a report on Monday, January 23rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, eleven have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $27.30. Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Company Profile Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the development, exploitation and exploration of oil and gas properties. The Company operates in the segment of natural gas and oil development, exploitation, exploration and production, in the continental United States. Its assets are concentrated in areas with known hydrocarbon resources, which are conducive to multi-well, repeatable drilling programs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG). Receive News & Ratings for Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Century Aluminum Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Century Aluminum Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HBK Investments L P boosted its position in shares of Century Aluminum Company (NASDAQ:CENX) by 151.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 50,533 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 30,433 shares during the period. HBK Investments L P owned about 0.06% of Century Aluminum Company worth $351,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in CENX. KBC Group NV boosted its position in shares of Century Aluminum Company by 53.7% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 21,953 shares of the company’s stock worth $153,000 after buying an additional 7,666 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Century Aluminum Company by 3.4% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 240,626 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,523,000 after buying an additional 7,969 shares during the last quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. boosted its position in shares of Century Aluminum Company by 85.4% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 19,060 shares of the company’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 8,780 shares during the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Century Aluminum Company by 2.8% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 349,198 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,210,000 after buying an additional 9,429 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. boosted its position in shares of Century Aluminum Company by 23.2% in the third quarter. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. now owns 71,420 shares of the company’s stock worth $496,000 after buying an additional 13,440 shares during the last quarter. 58.73% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Century Aluminum Company (NASDAQ:CENX) traded up 1.22% on Friday, reaching $15.80. The company had a trading volume of 1,955,493 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.38 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $12.46 and a 200 day moving average price of $8.81. Century Aluminum Company has a 1-year low of $4.53 and a 1-year high of $16.53. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/hbk-investments-l-p-has-351000-stake-in-century-aluminum-company-cenx.html. A number of brokerages have commented on CENX. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating and set a $9.00 target price on shares of Century Aluminum Company in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Standpoint Research cut Century Aluminum Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Century Aluminum Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $7.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday, October 28th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Century Aluminum Company from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and six have assigned a hold rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $7.38. Century Aluminum Company Company Profile Century Aluminum Company (Century) is a holding company, which is a producer of primary aluminum and operates aluminum reduction facilities, or smelters, in the United States and Iceland. The Company operates through primary aluminum segment. Its primary aluminum facilities produce standard grade primary aluminum products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CENX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Century Aluminum Company (NASDAQ:CENX). Receive News & Ratings for Century Aluminum Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Century Aluminum Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Retail Properties of America Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Retail Properties of America Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $235,000 Position in Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank boosted its stake in shares of Retail Properties of America, Inc. (NYSE:RPAI) by 6.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 14,011 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 863 shares during the period. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank’s holdings in Retail Properties of America were worth $235,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. CWM LLC increased its stake in shares of Retail Properties of America by 54.5% in the third quarter. CWM LLC now owns 6,261 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 2,208 shares during the period. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado increased its stake in shares of Retail Properties of America by 0.4% in the third quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 7,654 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the period. Stifel Financial Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Retail Properties of America during the second quarter valued at $184,000. Suntrust Banks Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Retail Properties of America during the third quarter valued at $184,000. Finally, Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD purchased a new stake in shares of Retail Properties of America during the third quarter valued at $198,000. 80.46% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Retail Properties of America, Inc. (NYSE:RPAI) traded up 0.73% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $15.23. 766,645 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $15.11 and a 200 day moving average of $15.88. Retail Properties of America, Inc. has a 12 month low of $14.02 and a 12 month high of $17.78. The company has a market cap of $3.61 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.47 and a beta of 0.42. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $235,000 Position in Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI)” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/zurcher-kantonalbank-zurich-cantonalbank-has-235000-position-in-retail-properties-of-america-inc-rpai.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Retail Properties of America from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price target for the company in a research report on Friday, November 18th. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded shares of Retail Properties of America from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their target price for the stock from $18.00 to $16.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Retail Properties of America from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $16.50 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Retail Properties of America in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $17.69. About Retail Properties of America Retail Properties of America, Inc, formerly Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc, is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns and operates shopping centers in the United States. The Company’s retail operating portfolio includes power centers, neighborhood and community centers, and lifestyle centers and predominantly multi-tenant retail mixed-use properties, as well as single-user retail properties. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RPAI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Retail Properties of America, Inc. (NYSE:RPAI). Receive News & Ratings for Retail Properties of America Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Retail Properties of America Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Equity Investment Life Holding Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss ArcelorMittal (MT) Receives $5.79 Average PT from Analysts Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sabre Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SABR) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Short Interest Update Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) Stock Price Up 8.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zacks: RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (RXII) Given $8.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank Of Canada Increases Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Price Target to C$61.00 Eaton Vance Tax Managed Buy Write Opport (ETV) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust (EFT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Q4 2016 EPS Estimates for Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Boosted by Analyst Sysorex Global (SYRX) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Magic Software Enterprises Ltd. (MGIC) Given $8.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts FY2016 Earnings Estimate for First Majestic Silver Corp. Issued By Desjardins (FR) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Maintains Stake in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (AEL) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AMP Capital Investors Ltd held its position in shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (NYSE:AEL) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 37,691 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd’s holdings in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company were worth $658,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of AEL. ProShare Advisors LLC boosted its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 42.8% in the third quarter. ProShare Advisors LLC now owns 187,032 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,316,000 after buying an additional 56,041 shares in the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 9.6% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 652,430 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,568,000 after buying an additional 57,188 shares in the last quarter. Pacific Ridge Capital Partners LLC boosted its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 60.8% in the third quarter. Pacific Ridge Capital Partners LLC now owns 40,820 shares of the company’s stock valued at $724,000 after buying an additional 15,430 shares in the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp boosted its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 0.5% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 2,187,851 shares of the company’s stock valued at $38,790,000 after buying an additional 11,522 shares in the last quarter. Finally, American International Group Inc. boosted its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 1.5% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 60,910 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,080,000 after buying an additional 911 shares in the last quarter. 89.96% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (NYSE:AEL) traded up 1.40% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $26.10. The stock had a trading volume of 594,491 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $23.50 and a 200-day moving average price of $19.66. American Equity Investment Life Holding Company has a 52 week low of $12.74 and a 52 week high of $26.44. The stock’s market cap is $2.25 billion. American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (NYSE:AEL) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.63 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.06. American Equity Investment Life Holding Company had a return on equity of 4.79% and a net margin of 3.75%. The business earned $622.82 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $478.45 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.60 earnings per share. American Equity Investment Life Holding Company’s revenue was up 14.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that American Equity Investment Life Holding Company will post $2.38 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/amp-capital-investors-ltd-maintains-stake-in-american-equity-investment-life-holding-company-ael.html. AEL has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. TheStreet cut shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. Sandler O’Neill raised shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, November 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Finally, FBR & Co raised their target price on shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company from $23.00 to $25.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $23.13. In related news, Director Alan David Matula purchased 2,200 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 19th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $22.60 per share, for a total transaction of $49,720.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now owns 6,950 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $157,070. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Alexander Meeker Clark sold 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.57, for a total value of $61,710.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 7,600 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $156,332. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 4.43% of the company’s stock. About American Equity Investment Life Holding Company American Equity Investment Life Holding Company is engaged in the development and sale of fixed index and fixed rate annuity products. The Company issues fixed annuity and life insurance products through its life insurance subsidiaries, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company of New York and Eagle Life Insurance Company. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AEL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (NYSE:AEL). Receive News & Ratings for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EPR Properties - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EPR Properties with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 4,887 Shares of EPR Properties (EPR) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hsbc Holdings PLC reduced its position in shares of EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) by 46.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 5,739 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,887 shares during the period. Hsbc Holdings PLC’s holdings in EPR Properties were worth $452,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its stake in shares of EPR Properties by 1.3% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 22,536 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,774,000 after buying an additional 290 shares in the last quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd raised its stake in shares of EPR Properties by 28.3% in the third quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd now owns 28,090 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,233,000 after buying an additional 6,200 shares in the last quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of EPR Properties during the third quarter worth approximately $980,000. Uniplan Investment Counsel Inc. raised its stake in shares of EPR Properties by 4.2% in the third quarter. Uniplan Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 1,083,454 shares of the company’s stock worth $85,310,000 after buying an additional 43,445 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Pacer Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of EPR Properties by 1.3% in the third quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 4,841 shares of the company’s stock worth $381,000 after buying an additional 61 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 95.19% of the company’s stock. Shares of EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) traded up 1.63% on Friday, hitting $75.33. The stock had a trading volume of 289,743 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $73.16 and its 200-day moving average is $74.64. The company has a market cap of $4.79 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.15 and a beta of 0.69. EPR Properties has a one year low of $59.98 and a one year high of $84.67. The company also recently declared a feb 17 dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.34 per share. This represents a yield of 5.51%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, January 27th. This is an increase from EPR Properties’s previous feb 17 dividend of $0.32. EPR Properties’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 130.35%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 4,887 Shares of EPR Properties (EPR)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/hsbc-holdings-plc-sells-4887-shares-of-epr-properties-epr.html. A number of brokerages recently commented on EPR. Zacks Investment Research upgraded EPR Properties from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $82.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded EPR Properties from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $78.00 price target for the company. in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, FBR & Co set a $80.00 price target on EPR Properties and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $83.43. In related news, CFO Mark Alan Peterson sold 13,645 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $74.61, for a total transaction of $1,018,053.45. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, SVP Thomas B. Wright III sold 4,350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.62, for a total value of $315,897.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 15,896 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,154,367.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 39,467 shares of company stock worth $2,881,810 in the last 90 days. 1.70% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About EPR Properties EPR Properties (EPR) is a self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s investment portfolio includes entertainment, education and recreation properties. The Company operates in four segments: Entertainment, Education, Recreation and Other. The Company’s Entertainment segment consists of investments in megaplex theatres, entertainment retail centers, family entertainment centers and other retail parcels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR). Receive News & Ratings for EPR Properties Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EPR Properties and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ambev S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ambev S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Sells 110,751 Shares of Ambev S.A. (ABEV) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Investec Asset Management North America Inc. decreased its stake in Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) by 2.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 3,647,287 shares of the company’s stock after selling 110,751 shares during the period. Ambev accounts for 2.7% of Investec Asset Management North America Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 3rd largest position. Investec Asset Management North America Inc.’s holdings in Ambev were worth $17,908,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Stephens Inc. AR boosted its stake in shares of Ambev by 4.3% in the third quarter. Stephens Inc. AR now owns 34,185 shares of the company’s stock valued at $208,000 after buying an additional 1,421 shares during the last quarter. Cutler Investment Counsel LLC boosted its stake in shares of Ambev by 6.2% in the third quarter. Cutler Investment Counsel LLC now owns 29,510 shares of the company’s stock valued at $180,000 after buying an additional 1,710 shares during the last quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. boosted its stake in Ambev by 2.4% in the second quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. now owns 81,217 shares of the company’s stock worth $480,000 after buying an additional 1,927 shares in the last quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. boosted its stake in Ambev by 0.3% in the third quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. now owns 588,256 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,582,000 after buying an additional 1,935 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Naples Global Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Ambev by 1.4% in the third quarter. Naples Global Advisors LLC now owns 142,285 shares of the company’s stock worth $867,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 7.28% of the company’s stock. Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) traded up 2.25% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $5.46. The stock had a trading volume of 9,000,415 shares. The stock has a market cap of $85.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.47 and a beta of 0.72. Ambev S.A. has a one year low of $4.33 and a one year high of $6.34. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $5.27 and a 200 day moving average price of $5.60. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 2nd. Investors of record on Thursday, January 26th will be given a dividend of $0.0213 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, January 24th. This represents a $0.09 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.56%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/investec-asset-management-north-america-inc-sells-110751-shares-of-ambev-s-a-abev.html. A number of analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Ambev from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Ambev from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $5.60 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Barclays PLC assumed coverage on Ambev in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $6.00 price target on the stock. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Ambev from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, October 28th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $6.16. Ambev Company Profile Ambev SA, formerly Inbev Participacoes Societarias SA, is a Brazil-based company engaged in the brewing sector. The Company produces and sells beer, carbonated soft drinks (CSDs) and other non-alcoholic and non-carbonated (NANC) beverages across the Americas. The Company’s activities are divided into three segments: Latin America North, including sell of beer, CSD and NANC drinks in Brazil, as well as operations in Dominican Republic, Saint Vincent, Antigua, Dominica, Guatemala, El Salvador, Nicaragua and Cuba; Latin America South, distributing products in Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Chile, Ecuador, Peru and Colombia, and Canada, represented by Labatt’s operations, which comprises sales in Canada. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ABEV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV). Receive News & Ratings for Ambev S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ambev S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Investing Trading Strategies0 A Lightning-Fast Trade to Play "Animal Spirits" Trading Strategies0 The Real Value in Owning Wall Street’s Most Dangerous Stock Trading Strategies0 How the "Era of Apple" Can Come Roaring Back Trading Strategies0 How to Profit from Trump's Immigration Policies Trading Strategies1 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Trump's Latest Order May Unleash America's Big Banks – Here's What You Need to Know Investing Ideas0 Making Wall Street "Great" Again: The Fate of the Fiduciary Rule Apple3 This Is Already the Best Value Stock on the Market – and Just Wait Until Trump Cuts Taxes Investing Ideas0 Trumponomics: Jump into the Market Now and Change Your Future Investing Ideas0 How to Turn a Profit from the Market's Unknowns Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 A Transcript of My Market Brainstorming Session with Peter Boockvar Global Markets0 Stop Hyperventilating – Trump Isn't Planning to "Cheat Retirees" Global Markets0 Here's Why The EU Won't Last Another Five Years Global Markets0 The One Sector That Hasn't Been Fooled by "Dow 20,000 Fever" Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The Truth About the Most Notorious Trades on Wall Street Options0 The Best Stock to Buy This Quarter Options1 Wall Street Is Terrified of These Dynamite Growth Stocks Options0 Why "Buy and Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 This Guy Is Going to Be the Tom Brady of High Tech Technology0 Why "Don't Panic" Is the Best Advice You'll Ever Get Technology0 Trump's Chinese Policy Can't Touch This 40%-per-Year Sector Technology0 This Firm Touches 25% of Home Loans – and It Will Double in 3 Years Technology1 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks8 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 What Next Week's Crucial Energy Summit Means for You Oil0 Why Your Utility Bill Could Be About to Go Up Oil0 Paris Energy Update: I've Never Seen Anything Like This Before… Energy0 This "Classic" Energy Play Is About to Make a Comeback Oil0 Unanticipated Energy Consequences in the "City of Light" Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Don't Count This "Rocky Stock" Out Just Yet No matter how you look at it, The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) is a stock that keeps coming back time and time again. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 A Lightning-Fast Trade to Play "Animal Spirits" Trading Strategies0 The Real Value in Owning Wall Street’s Most Dangerous Stock Trading Strategies0 How the "Era of Apple" Can Come Roaring Back Trading Strategies0 How to Profit from Trump's Immigration Policies Trading Strategies1 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 Trump's Latest Order May Unleash America's Big Banks – Here's What You Need to Know Investing Ideas0 Making Wall Street "Great" Again: The Fate of the Fiduciary Rule Apple3 This Is Already the Best Value Stock on the Market – and Just Wait Until Trump Cuts Taxes Investing Ideas0 Trumponomics: Jump into the Market Now and Change Your Future Investing Ideas0 How to Turn a Profit from the Market's Unknowns Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 A Transcript of My Market Brainstorming Session with Peter Boockvar Global Markets0 Stop Hyperventilating – Trump Isn't Planning to "Cheat Retirees" Global Markets0 Here's Why The EU Won't Last Another Five Years Global Markets0 The One Sector That Hasn't Been Fooled by "Dow 20,000 Fever" Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 The Truth About the Most Notorious Trades on Wall Street Options0 The Best Stock to Buy This Quarter Options1 Wall Street Is Terrified of These Dynamite Growth Stocks Options0 Why "Buy and Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 This Guy Is Going to Be the Tom Brady of High Tech Technology0 Why "Don't Panic" Is the Best Advice You'll Ever Get Technology0 Trump's Chinese Policy Can't Touch This 40%-per-Year Sector Technology0 This Firm Touches 25% of Home Loans – and It Will Double in 3 Years Technology1 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks8 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 What Next Week's Crucial Energy Summit Means for You Oil0 Why Your Utility Bill Could Be About to Go Up Oil0 Paris Energy Update: I've Never Seen Anything Like This Before… Energy0 This "Classic" Energy Play Is About to Make a Comeback Oil0 Unanticipated Energy Consequences in the "City of Light" Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: In Saudi Aramco IPO News Today, New Adviser Is Chosen Message: URL: https://mney.co/2lptSoB 4  ×   =  24 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: In Saudi Aramco IPO News Today, New Adviser Is Chosen Message: URL: https://mney.co/2lptSoB  ×  7  =  fourteen Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter IPOsno responses In Saudi Aramco IPO News Today, New Adviser Is Chosen By Dustin Parrett, Associate Editor, Money Morning • February 8, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website eight  −  four  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter There is big Saudi Aramco IPO news today as the oil company chose the bank Moelis & Co. (NYSE: MC) as its independent adviser. With a potential valuation of over $2 trillion, the Saudi Aramco IPO will be the biggest initial public offering of all time. That means every step in the process is major news. Choosing an adviser to manage the sale of the company is a big step forward as the Saudi Aramco IPO date nears. And it was a step many Wall Street banks hoped to be part of. "Every bank in the world is going to want to have a role in this," reported the Financial Times last month. That's because the IPO is expected to generate up to $1 billion in fees for banks helping Aramco go public. And that doesn't include future contracts with the company after its public sale. Now, as investors consider whether to buy into Aramco, they'll want to be as up to date on Saudi Aramco news as possible. That's why we're going to show what Moelis will be doing and why it matters for the IPO… Why Did Moelis Create Saudi Aramco IPO News Today? Moelis is an independent investment bank founded in 2007. The choice of Moelis to advise the Aramco IPO was somewhat surprising. Bloomberg says Moelis winning the contract amounts to a coup, considering it was up against Wall Street giants like Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS). And Moelis winning the advisory role in the world's largest IPO will surely boost its profile. Moelis stock is up 5% on the news today. Forecast: There Are Big Changes and Big Profits Coming to the Oil Sector in 2017 But the most important part of the Saudi Aramco IPO news today is what hiring an IPO adviser means for the company. One of the main functions of an IPO adviser is to help the company hire and negotiate with an underwriter, a function traditionally performed by banks. Before Moelis was chosen as the IPO adviser, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) was expected to win the underwriting job due to the bank's longstanding ties with Saudi Arabia. It's not clear whether Moelis will sway Aramco toward another underwriter or not. But what is clear is that the company is moving forward with the IPO even as oil prices rise after the first OPEC production cut since 2008. That means investors need to prepare for the IPO to happen soon. Here's when you can expect Aramco to go public… When Is the Saudi Aramco IPO Date? Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: saudi aramco ipo Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 1  ×  8  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Don't Count This "Rocky Stock" Out Just Yet Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Oil and Gas Alerts (this article) IPO Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesA Lightning-Fast Trade to Play "Animal Spirits" Trading StrategiesThe Real Value in Owning Wall Street’s Most Dangerous Stock Trading StrategiesHow the "Era of Apple" Can Come Roaring Back TechnologyThis Guy Is Going to Be the Tom Brady of High Tech TechnologyWhy "Don't Panic" Is the Best Advice You'll Ever Get TechnologyTrump's Chinese Policy Can't Touch This 40%-per-Year Sector Investing IdeasTrump's Latest Order May Unleash America's Big Banks – Here's What You Need to Know Investing IdeasMaking Wall Street "Great" Again: The Fate of the Fiduciary Rule Apple3This Is Already the Best Value Stock on the Market – and Just Wait Until Trump Cuts Taxes OilWhat Next Week's Crucial Energy Summit Means for You OilWhy Your Utility Bill Could Be About to Go Up OilParis Energy Update: I've Never Seen Anything Like This Before… Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News February 10, 2017 By Michael E. Lewitt Leave a Comment A Transcript of My Market Brainstorming Session with Peter Boockvar February 10, 2017 By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment This Silver News Won't Prevent a Bull Run in 2017 February 10, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Dow Hits Another Record High on President Trump's Tax Proposal Trending Posts 9798 Reads 302 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Feb. 6) We have three of the top marijuana stocks to watch this week (Feb. 6). Here's everything you need to know about these three cannabis stocks... 4618 Reads 66 Likes Gold Price Forecast: 6 Catalysts Set to Trigger Seismic Gains The gold price forecast for the next few years is for an all-time high, thanks to six catalysts. Here's a look at each and how it will push gold prices higher. Today's Markets DJIA 96.97 (0.48%) 20,269.37 NASDAQ 18.95 (0.33%) 5,734.13 S&P 8.23 (0.36%) 2,316.10 GS 1.17 (0.48%) 242.72 MC 0.05 (0.13%) 37.60 JPM 0.20 (0.23%) 87.00 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vishay Precision Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vishay Precision Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Short Interest Update Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) Stock Price Up 8.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zacks: RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (RXII) Given $8.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank Of Canada Increases Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Price Target to C$61.00 Eaton Vance Tax Managed Buy Write Opport (ETV) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust (EFT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Q4 2016 EPS Estimates for Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Boosted by Analyst Sysorex Global (SYRX) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Magic Software Enterprises Ltd. (MGIC) Given $8.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts FY2016 Earnings Estimate for First Majestic Silver Corp. Issued By Desjardins (FR) Treehouse Foods, Inc. (THS) Trading 12.4% Higher Following Earnings Beat Investors Sell Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) on Strength on Insider Selling Traders Buy Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Nokomis Capital, L.L.C. Acquires 4,418 Shares of Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG) Stock February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (NYSE:VPG) major shareholder Nokomis Capital, L.L.C. purchased 4,418 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was bought at an average price of $16.43 per share, for a total transaction of $72,587.74. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Major shareholders that own at least 10% of a company’s stock are required to disclose their transactions with the SEC. Nokomis Capital, L.L.C. also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, February 7th, Nokomis Capital, L.L.C. purchased 12,340 shares of Vishay Precision Group stock. The stock was bought at an average price of $16.40 per share, for a total transaction of $202,376.00. Shares of Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (NYSE:VPG) traded up 1.19% during trading on Friday, reaching $17.05. 14,557 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s market capitalization is $224.92 million. Vishay Precision Group, Inc. has a 1-year low of $10.61 and a 1-year high of $19.44. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $17.66 and a 200 day moving average price of $16.53. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Nokomis Capital, L.L.C. Acquires 4,418 Shares of Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG) Stock” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/nokomis-capital-l-l-c-acquires-4418-shares-of-vishay-precision-group-inc-vpg-stock.html. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Orinda Asset Management LLC bought a new position in Vishay Precision Group during the second quarter valued at approximately $1,397,000. Royal Bank of Canada raised its position in shares of Vishay Precision Group by 13.1% in the second quarter. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 153,195 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,056,000 after buying an additional 17,764 shares during the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System raised its position in shares of Vishay Precision Group by 0.8% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 93,700 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,502,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Vishay Precision Group by 88.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 51,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $830,000 after buying an additional 24,286 shares during the last quarter. Finally, LSV Asset Management raised its position in shares of Vishay Precision Group by 9.6% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 433,040 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,941,000 after buying an additional 37,922 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 82.14% of the company’s stock. Separately, B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $17.00 price target on shares of Vishay Precision Group in a research note on Friday, November 4th. About Vishay Precision Group Vishay Precision Group, Inc (VPG) is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of sensors and sensor-based measurement systems, as well as specialty resistors and strain gages. The Company operates through three business segments: Foil Technology Products, Force Sensors, and Weighing and Control Systems. Receive News & Ratings for Vishay Precision Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vishay Precision Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Meridian Investment Counsel Inc. Has $326,000 Stake in Canon, Inc. (CAJ) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Meridian Investment Counsel Inc. lowered its position in Canon, Inc. (NYSE:CAJ) by 4.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 11,600 shares of the company’s stock after selling 600 shares during the period. Meridian Investment Counsel Inc.’s holdings in Canon were worth $326,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. US Bancorp DE raised its stake in Canon by 16.9% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 661,606 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,929,000 after buying an additional 95,561 shares in the last quarter. Water Island Capital LLC raised its stake in Canon by 276.4% in the second quarter. Water Island Capital LLC now owns 117,601 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,365,000 after buying an additional 86,357 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP raised its stake in Canon by 21.4% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 459,676 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,344,000 after buying an additional 81,144 shares in the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC raised its stake in Canon by 3.8% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 1,999,435 shares of the company’s stock worth $58,044,000 after buying an additional 73,167 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rikoon Group LLC acquired a new stake in Canon during the third quarter worth approximately $1,544,000. 1.49% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Canon, Inc. (NYSE:CAJ) traded down 0.17% during trading on Friday, reaching $28.91. 259,684 shares of the company were exchanged. Canon, Inc. has a 52-week low of $27.18 and a 52-week high of $30.93. The firm has a market cap of $31.57 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.64 and a beta of 0.60. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $28.94 and its 200-day moving average is $28.78. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Meridian Investment Counsel Inc. Has $326,000 Stake in Canon, Inc. (CAJ)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/meridian-investment-counsel-inc-has-326000-stake-in-canon-inc-caj.html. A number of analysts have commented on CAJ shares. CLSA raised shares of Canon from an “underperform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, November 25th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Canon from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Canon from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Bank of America Corporation lowered shares of Canon from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, TheStreet lowered shares of Canon from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 1st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating, one has given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $33.00. Canon Company Profile Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CAJ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Canon, Inc. (NYSE:CAJ). Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Manitowoc Company Inc. (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc. (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) (MTW) Stake Lowered by Van Den Berg Management I Inc. February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Van Den Berg Management I Inc. decreased its position in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) (NYSE:MTW) by 2.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 1,568,333 shares of the company’s stock after selling 40,742 shares during the period. Van Den Berg Management I Inc. owned about 1.13% of Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) worth $9,379,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its stake in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) by 14.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 18,276 shares of the company’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 2,336 shares during the last quarter. Global Endowment Management LP acquired a new stake in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) during the third quarter worth approximately $106,000. Catalyst Capital Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) during the third quarter worth approximately $129,000. Financial Architects Inc boosted its stake in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) by 5,010.0% in the third quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 30,660 shares of the company’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 30,060 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sei Investments Co. boosted its stake in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) by 0.7% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 31,686 shares of the company’s stock worth $152,000 after buying an additional 215 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 75.08% of the company’s stock. Shares of Manitowoc Company, Inc. (NYSE:MTW) remained flat at $6.26 during mid-day trading on Friday. The company had a trading volume of 883,623 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $869.43 million. Manitowoc Company, Inc. has a 52-week low of $3.31 and a 52-week high of $7.57. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $6.27 and a 200-day moving average of $5.30. Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) (NYSE:MTW) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported ($0.23) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.16) by $0.07. Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) had a negative return on equity of 9.94% and a negative net margin of 23.70%. The company earned $378.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $390.18 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.43 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 30.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Manitowoc Company, Inc. will post ($0.26) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/manitowoc-company-inc-the-mtw-stake-lowered-by-van-den-berg-management-i-inc.html. MTW has been the topic of a number of research reports. OTR Global upgraded Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) to a “positive” rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $5.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Vetr upgraded Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.04 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) from $7.00 to $7.25 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $5.33. Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) Company Profile The Manitowoc Company, Inc (MTW) is a multi-industry, capital goods manufacturer. The Company operates in two principal markets: Cranes and Related Products (Crane) and Foodservice Equipment (Foodservice). Crane is a provider of engineered lifting equipment for the global construction industry, including lattice-boom cranes, tower cranes, mobile telescopic cranes and boom trucks. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) (NYSE:MTW). Receive News & Ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close KDC Developers and construction firms team up for new homeless and counseling center Filed under Real Estate at 14 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now The developer and construction companies building some of North Texas' largest corporate campuses gathered Friday for another groundbreaking. The same team that's building new offices for Toyota and Liberty Mutual Insurance was on Ross Avenue east of downtown to kick off the project: a 14,000-square-foot facility that serves substance-addicted homeless residents. The Dallas 24 Hour Club's new residential and counseling project at Ross and Grigsby Street replaces an older building that was torn down late last year. "We took the plans for the building and went to all the subcontractors that are doing work with us for State Farm, Toyota, Liberty Mutual and JPMorgan Chase and asked them to help," said Steve VanAmburgh, CEO of Dallas' busiest developer, KDC. "We asked those subcontractors and those general contractors if they would all get together and scratch their heads and see how much of the project they could do pro bono. "When they came out of the room after collaborating and talking to suppliers, they had roughly 80 to 90 percent of all the costs covered," VanAmburgh said. Founded in 1969, the 24 Hour Club provides transitional housing for recovering alcoholics and substance abusers. The organization annually serves 300 to 400 people from its location on Ross. Blow: 24 Hour Club seeks to build recovery center on old ground The previous building — old apartments — was only 6,900 square feet and was totally outdated. "I can't begin to say how grateful we are by what's been done," said 24 Hour Club executive director Marsha Williamson. "We were struggling to raise enough money for a new building. "Our century-old building was physically failing and our days were numbered." VanAmburgh said he became involved after Williamson sought construction advice. "She came to me for ideas on how to build the facility," he said. "They had accumulated about 25 percent of the funds. "I asked her if she would give me the budget and plans that had been provided by HKS for free. A lot of individuals close to us have been generous and we are almost 100 percent done with our fundraising. " The two-story project will include housing for 75 people, a commercial kitchen and dining area, a large meeting room, a community room, meditation rooms, indoor and outdoor activity space and parking. Almost four dozen construction and development-related firms have donated time, labor, materials or products. "It's remarkable that so many of the companies that have done well by the city all got together and said, 'We are going to give back,'" Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings said at Friday's groundbreaking. "Money is not the issue in Dallas. "We have the money if we get organized and get stuff done. You guys are an example of that and making this happen on this key spot." The firms that provided support to the 24 Hour Club project include: KDC, Austin Commercial, Balfour Beatty, The Beck Group, HKS, Acme Brick, Azteca Steel, Baker Triangle, Baring Industries, Brandt Engineering, Brightview, Capform, Carrco Painting, Cemco, CMC Steel Fabricators, Cowtown Materials, D'Ambra Construction, Dee Brown Inc., Drywall Interiors, Elite Fire Protection, Energy by 5, Greater Metroplex Interiors, Harmon, Intertech, Jackson Walker, Kimley-Horn & Associates, KPost, Lasco Acoustics & Drywall, Laticrete, L&W Supply, Martin Marietta, Miscellaneous Steel Industries, Otis Elevators, Pacheco Koch, Performance Door & Hardware, Precision Demolition, Redi-Mix Concrete, SDI, Sigma, TDIndustries, Terracon, True-Potter Concrete, Vilhauer Enterprises, Walker Engineering, Woodhaus, Wylie Drilling and Wright Construction. The new 24 Hour Club building replaces an old apartment project. (KDC) View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Logitech International S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Logitech International S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Insider Selling: Logitech International S.A. (LOGI) CFO Sells 41,068 Shares of Stock February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Logitech International S.A. (NASDAQ:LOGI) CFO Vincent Pilette sold 41,068 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $29.05, for a total value of $1,193,025.40. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 446,985 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,984,914.25. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Shares of Logitech International S.A. (NASDAQ:LOGI) traded up 0.72% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $29.37. The company had a trading volume of 206,985 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $26.55 and a 200 day moving average price of $23.57. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.75 billion, a PE ratio of 24.89 and a beta of 0.47. Logitech International S.A. has a 12-month low of $13.95 and a 12-month high of $29.90. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/insider-selling-logitech-international-s-a-logi-cfo-sells-41068-shares-of-stock.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Logitech International by 113.4% in the third quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 5,620 shares of the company’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 2,987 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Logitech International by 5.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 5,682 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 272 shares in the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Logitech International during the third quarter valued at approximately $155,000. Comerica Bank increased its position in shares of Logitech International by 12.9% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 9,795 shares of the company’s stock valued at $250,000 after buying an additional 1,121 shares in the last quarter. Finally, SG Americas Securities LLC bought a new position in shares of Logitech International during the third quarter valued at approximately $232,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 37.32% of the company’s stock. Several brokerages have commented on LOGI. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Logitech International from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $18.00 to $14.00 in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Logitech International from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Finally, Brean Capital reissued a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price on shares of Logitech International in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, two have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Logitech International has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $25.55. Logitech International Company Profile Logitech International SA is a holding company. The Company designs, manufactures and markets products that allow people to connect through music, gaming, video, computing, and other digital platforms. The Company operates through peripheral segment. The Company offers its products to a network of domestic and international customers, including direct sales to retailers, e-tailers, and indirect sales through distributors. Receive News & Ratings for Logitech International S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Logitech International S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Stock Picks Noah Holdings Shares Can Rise 35% in Coming Year Despite China’s rout, the Shanghai investment advisor should prosper from China’s passion for investing. By Jack Hough Biography Aug. 4, 2015 9:20 p.m. ET Amid chaos in China’s stock market, a Shanghai-based investment advisor is prospering. On Monday, Noah Holdings reported second-quarter profit that was 19% higher than a year earlier. Yet its American depositary receipts (ticker: NOAH) have tumbled of late. On Tuesday, one U.S. investment bank recommended a purchase, predicting upside of more than 35% over the next year. Noah Holdings was founded a decade ago and went public on the New York Stock Exchange in 2010. Its ADRs were initially priced at $12 apiece and closed... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
