Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cross Country Healthcare Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corp. (MNR) Director Matthew I. Hirsch Buys 2,841 Shares Peregrine Capital Management LLC Buys New Stake in IAC/InterActive (IAC) Burlington Stores Inc. (BURL) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy Raytheon Co. (RTN) Lowered to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Israel Chemicals Ltd. (ICL) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Huron Consulting Group Inc. (HURN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (MDRX) Pandora Media Inc. (P) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Goldman Sachs Group (GS) Pioneer Energy Services Corp. (PES) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research PBF Logistics LP (PBFX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group Reiterates “€58.60” Price Target for Societe Generale SA (GLE) FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Weatherford International Ltd. Issued By Griffin Securities (WFT) Ardsley Advisory Partners Purchases Shares of 515,000 Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) Constellation Brands Inc. (STZ) VP F Paul Hetterich Acquires 752 Shares of Stock Viavi Solutions Inc. (VIAV) SVP Susan Louise Spradley Sells 13,110 Shares Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings Inc. (LTRPA) Insider Richard N. Baer Sells 9,301 Shares NxStage Medical Inc. (NXTM) CEO Jeffrey H. Burbank Sells 7,500 Shares Symantec Corp. (SYMC) EVP Scott C. Taylor Sells 8,000 Shares of Stock SECOR Capital Advisors LP Sells 10,794 Shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet SECOR Capital Advisors LP decreased its position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCRN) by 26.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 29,545 shares of the company’s stock after selling 10,794 shares during the period. SECOR Capital Advisors LP owned 0.09% of Cross Country Healthcare worth $348,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in CCRN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Cross Country Healthcare by 2.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,751,066 shares of the company’s stock worth $32,407,000 after buying an additional 53,740 shares in the last quarter. Falcon Point Capital LLC increased its position in Cross Country Healthcare by 18.3% in the second quarter. Falcon Point Capital LLC now owns 87,915 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,224,000 after buying an additional 13,630 shares in the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Cross Country Healthcare during the second quarter worth $5,777,000. Swiss National Bank increased its position in Cross Country Healthcare by 5.9% in the second quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 61,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $849,000 after buying an additional 3,400 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its position in Cross Country Healthcare by 3.4% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 230,569 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,210,000 after buying an additional 7,485 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 98.34% of the company’s stock. Shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCRN) traded up 0.55% on Wednesday, reaching $14.50. 243,201 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $15.03 and a 200 day moving average of $13.55. Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. has a 52-week low of $9.72 and a 52-week high of $16.00. The stock’s market cap is $478.65 million. WARNING: “SECOR Capital Advisors LP Sells 10,794 Shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/secor-capital-advisors-lp-sells-10794-shares-of-cross-country-healthcare-inc-ccrn.html. A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on CCRN shares. BMO Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price target on shares of Cross Country Healthcare in a report on Monday, January 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Cross Country Healthcare from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $17.00 target price on the stock in a report on Friday, January 13th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Cross Country Healthcare from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald set a $17.00 target price on shares of Cross Country Healthcare and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Cross Country Healthcare has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $17.00. In other news, insider Vickie Anenberg sold 40,882 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, November 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.92, for a total value of $609,959.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 173,717 shares in the company, valued at $2,591,857.64. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 4.20% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Cross Country Healthcare Cross Country Healthcare, Inc (CCRN) is engaged in providing healthcare recruiting, staffing and workforce solutions. The Company operates in three segments: Nurse and Allied Staffing, Physician Staffing and Other Human Capital Management Services. Its nurse and allied staffing segment is engaged in providing traditional staffing, including temporary and permanent placement of travel nurses and allied professionals, and branch-based local nurses and allied staffing through its Cross Country Staffing brand, MSN, AHG, Mediscan and DirectEd brands. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CCRN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCRN). Receive News & Ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investing Ideas JPMorgan: MSCI to Snub China A-Shares Broker says mainland stocks may not be included in the key index this time given restrictive trading quotas. By Daniel Shane Biography Jan. 17, 2017 10:32 p.m. ET China’s onshore stock markets are unlikely to be green-lighted for inclusion in MSCI’s emerging market indices this year, according to JPMorgan’s top strategist in the region. The index compiler knocked back mainland-listed equities, known as A-shares, for the third time in a row following its 2016 review. MSCI cited restricted... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Yahoo! Investors Could See Stock Rise Over 20% Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 10 Things We’ve Learned About Donald Trump Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Wells Fargo Stock Is Weaker Than Understood Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. One Crucial Sign Nike May be Losing Confidence Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. T-Mobile, Sprint Have AT&T’s, Sprint’s Numbers Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Revlon, Peabody Energy 2 Saudi Oil Minister Sees Rising Costs for U.S. Shale 3 Scaramucci: Trump Administration Wants an Independent Fed Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Wells Fargo Stock Is Weaker Than Understood The options market offers ways for investors to insulate the stock from the unexpected and the undesirable. By Steven M. Sears Biography Jan. 18, 2017 2:00 p.m. ET Wells Fargo has generally been treated as a near-messianic stock. But the fake-account scandal has prompted many investors to view one of Warren Buffett’s top holdings with skepticism – and even derision. Wells Fargo’s shares (ticker: WFC) have gained about 18% since Donald Trump won the presidential election. But JPMorgan is telling clients to be wary. The bulk of Wells Fargo’s gains, it notes, occurred in the first two days after... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Yahoo! Investors Could See Stock Rise Over 20% Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 10 Things We’ve Learned About Donald Trump Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Wells Fargo Stock Is Weaker Than Understood Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. One Crucial Sign Nike May be Losing Confidence Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. T-Mobile, Sprint Have AT&T’s, Sprint’s Numbers Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Revlon, Peabody Energy 2 Saudi Oil Minister Sees Rising Costs for U.S. Shale 3 Scaramucci: Trump Administration Wants an Independent Fed Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Wells Fargo Stock Is Weaker Than Understood The options market offers ways for investors to insulate the stock from the unexpected and the undesirable. By Steven M. Sears Biography Jan. 18, 2017 2:00 p.m. ET Wells Fargo has generally been treated as a near-messianic stock. But the fake-account scandal has prompted many investors to view one of Warren Buffett’s top holdings with skepticism – and even derision. Wells Fargo’s shares (ticker: WFC) have gained about 18% since Donald Trump won the presidential election. But JPMorgan is telling clients to be wary. The bulk of Wells Fargo’s gains, it notes, occurred in the first two days after... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Yahoo! Investors Could See Stock Rise Over 20% Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 10 Things We’ve Learned About Donald Trump Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Wells Fargo Stock Is Weaker Than Understood Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. One Crucial Sign Nike May be Losing Confidence Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. T-Mobile, Sprint Have AT&T’s, Sprint’s Numbers Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Revlon, Peabody Energy 2 Saudi Oil Minister Sees Rising Costs for U.S. Shale 3 Scaramucci: Trump Administration Wants an Independent Fed Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Avalanche Iran Donald Trump Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009, causing them to pay an average of an extra thousand dollars. Ken Sweet and Larry Neumeister, The Associated Press Published Wednesday, January 18, 2017 7:28PM EST NEW YORK -- JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. While the settlement is not a big financial dent to the giant bank, the cases illustrate the depth of the mortgage quagmire that has trailed the financial sector for a decade. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009, causing them to pay an average of an extra thousand dollars. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. The lawsuit said Chase originated about 260,000 wholesale mortgage loans during those years, with 40,000 of the loans going to black applicants and another 66,000 going to Hispanic borrowers. It said the pricing discretion was not based on borrower risk. The New York bank denied wrongdoing and shifted the blame. "We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," said JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." While JPMorgan said those involved were independent brokers working under contract for the bank, federal prosecutors said that Chase maintained ultimate control and was "directly and extensively involved" in setting up the deals. "Chase could have, but failed, to better monitor its wholesale brokers to discourage discrimination against borrowers based on race or national origin," the lawsuit said. Meanwhile, the Labor Department on Wednesday said it is suing JPMorgan Chase for discriminating against female workers. The agency said that it found that at least 93 female workers in an investment-bank division earned less than comparable men in the same jobs since at least May 2012. JPMorgan said it tried to work with the agency and was disappointed that it filed the complaint. Related Stories U.S. Labor Department sues JPMorgan over sexual discrimination Report Error MOST WATCHED false Cougar caught on camera Air Date: January 18, 2017 false CTV Ottawa: Chilling new video Air Date: January 18, 2017 false CTV National News for Wednesday, January 18, 2017 Air Date: January 18, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Quebec hikes minimum wage to $11.25 as of May 1 North Dakota landowners sue over Access easements Saudi Arabia says compliance to oil output cut 'very strong' Theresa May seeks to convince business of a 'global Britain' U.S. stock indexes still treading water; bond yields climb Ex-VW CEO Winterkorn denies knowing early about cheating Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Saving for your child's education without losing any sleep BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: McCreath: Follow Hunter Harrison into CSX, but don't abandon CP Rail _ WATCH: How trading algorithms are taking Donald Trump into account _ WATCH: Pierre Poilievre: U.S. border tax could cost Canadian jobs _ WATCH: Pattie Lovett-Reid: How Trump could impact personal finance CTV News Video Network false LIVE NOW: Addressing First Nations suicide crisis CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 30 missing after avalanche buries hotel in Italy 1 2 Collapse of burning Tehran high-rise kills 30 firefighters 3 Ottawa's travel advisory for Mexico updated in wake of recent shootings 4 Hardworking Winnipeg server gets life-changing $1,000 tip 1 5 Ont. teen subject of Amber Alert wasn't actually abducted, police say 6 Trump escalates Tom Ford fashion feud 7 PM defends French response to anglo Quebecer 2 8 Donald Trump's inauguration: a full list of who's playing and who isn't 9 PM Trudeau lured with selfie, caught on question of indigenous rights 1 10 Kevin O'Leary enters Conservative leadership race: 'I'm in' 7 Don't Miss false Caught on cam: Calgary man comes face to face with a cougar false LGBT activists hold Dance Party outside Mike Pence's house false Hope and change: Looking back on Barack Obama's presidency You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA P.E.I. premier takes aim at outlaw motorcycle gangs moving into province No parole for convicted killer and new mother Kelly Ellard N.S. store owner funding alternative prom for students affected by teachers' dispute WORLD Collapse of burning Tehran high-rise kills 30 firefighters New clash erupts at Brazil prison where 26 killed Even before taking office, Trump has changed the presidency ENTERTAINMENT 'This is Us' renewed for two more seasons Rock supergroup Audioslave reunites for anti-Trump show After short hiatus, Lady Antebellum is back with new music HEALTH Illicit drug deaths reach record high in B.C. Many youth with ADHD given antipsychotic drugs: study Windsor family seeking stem cell donors to help save baby girl POLITICS Monsef says 'it's an important time for women' as she preps for new role Kevin O'Leary enters Conservative leadership race: 'I'm in' Advocates call for holdout provinces to sign health transfer deals SCI-TECH Canada's first woman in space celebrates 25th anniversary Beijing to spend $2.7 billion on cleaning capital's air 'Super Mario Run' leaps onto Android devices in March BUSINESS Quebec hikes minimum wage to $11.25 as of May 1 North Dakota landowners sue over Access easements Saudi Arabia says compliance to oil output cut 'very strong' AUTOS Ex-VW CEO Winterkorn denies knowing early about cheating Motor sport's governing body gives approval to Liberty sale Alfa Romeo ready to launch Stelvio SUV SPORTS Montreal Expos star Tim Raines elected to Baseball Hall of Fame UEFA president says travel tricky for fans at Euro 2020 Raonic tops Muller to head to clinch spot in third round at Australian Open Lifestyle Resolution weary? 8 workouts that might rev up your routine Hardworking Winnipeg server gets life-changing $1,000 tip Granny chic: Headscarves hit playful Paris catwalks CTV News on the Go false Morning Minute: Trump to review NAFTA, Italian avalanche Ontario to look at hiking water-bottling fee 2016 was the hottest year ever recorded In Pictures   Correfoc: Spain's run with fire party Trudeau takes cross-country tour to the Maritimes Skygazers treated to full moon, pink skies over B.C. Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget News More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Companies Last Modified: Thu, Jan 19 2017. 05 35 AM IST JP Morgan’s property fund seeks to exit Trident, Oberoi hotels in Hyderabad JPMorgan India Property Fund’s investment in the said Oberoi and Trident hotels has been plagued by delays and high debt Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Swaraj Singh Dhanjal While Trident hotel in Hyderabad has been functional since late 2013, the Oberoi property is yet to be completely developed. Mumbai: JPMorgan’s India Property Fund is in talks to sell its investment in two five star hotels in Hyderabad, according to two people aware of the development. The fund is seeking an enterprise valuation of Rs800-850 crore for the two properties, they said, requesting anonymity. The two hotels are part of the Trident and Oberoi chains and are located in the Hitec city area of Hyderabad, one of the two people cited above said, requesting anonymity as the talks are private. “They have been speaking with various parties over the last few months.” The two hotels are operated by a special purpose vehicle Golden Jubilee Hotels Pvt. Ltd. EIH Ltd, the company that owns the Trident and Oberoi hotel brands, owns a 16% stake in Golden Jubilee with the rest being owned by Core Hotel Ventures Pvt. Ltd, the holding company. JPMorgan had invested around Rs100 crore in Core Hotel Ventures and owns a 47% stake, according to documents filed by the company with the Registrar of Companies (RoC). The remaining stake is held by Maha Hotel Projects Pvt. Ltd, the lead developer of the project. Golden Jubilee was set up to build two five star hotels (324 rooms Trident and 221 rooms Oberoi) on a 4.33 acre plot of land in Hyderabad. JPMorgan declined to comment on the development. “Financial outlook of the company’s shareholders are their own private matters for which the company has no comments to offer,” said a spokesperson for Golden Jubilee Hotels in an emailed response. The JPMorgan fund’s investment in these properties has been plagued by delays and high debt. While the Trident has been functional since late 2013, the Oberoi property is yet to be completely developed. The initial plan entailed starting the Trident in 2012 and the Oberoi in the following year. The overall development cost of these projects is estimated to be Rs1,087.81 crore, funded by debt of Rs650 crore and equity of Rs437.81 crore, according to data from the company’s filings with the RoC. As of 30 June 2015, the latest available financial statements with the RoC, the hotel had a revenue of Rs71.7 crore and a loss of Rs15.6 crore. “The incoming investor will have to put up some equity to make the Oberoi property operational. This could be in tune of Rs100-150 crore,” said the second person cited above. In August, Mint reported that EIH, in line with the company’s policy of taking “abundant caution” with accounting, has provided Rs41 crore in its books towards full erosion in the value of its investment in the Hyderabad property. The investment hasn’t yet been written off, the report added. According to data from Venture Intelligence, PE/VC investments witnessed a year-on-year decline of more than 60% in the hospitality space. About $242 million PE/VC investments were recorded across 27 deals in 2016 as against $663 million across 47 deals in 2015. Last week, Paris-based Louvre Hotels Group acquired a controlling stake in Indian hospitality chain Sarovar Hotels Pvt. Ltd, both firms said in a statement on Thursday, without disclosing financial terms of the deal. As part of the transaction, Sarovar’s existing investors—US-based venture capital firm Bessemer Venture Partners and private equity firm New Vernon Private Equity—are exiting the firm. The firms had bought a 28% stake in Sarovar Hotels for about $8 million in December 2005. Swaraj Singh Dhanjal Topics: JPMorgan India Property Fund Oberoi hotels Trident hotels Hyderabad More From Livemint READ MORE Bharti Airtel plans to raise funds via debentures, bonds What Donald Trump has said so far on India, Modi and outsourcing Stempeutics gets EU process patent for drug Stempeucel First Published: Thu, Jan 19 2017. 12 19 AM IST Editor's Picks How independent is RBI? Has Amazon overestimated the size of India’s e-commerce market? Chandra’s true test will be shutting down Tata’s loss-making businesses: Aswath Damodaran Latest News Bharti Airtel plans to raise funds via debentures, bonds What Donald Trump has said so far on India, Modi and outsourcing Stempeutics gets EU process patent for drug Stempeucel Competition Commission slaps Rs206 crore fine on seven cement companies Pakistan accuses India of perpetrating and funding terrorism Mint On Sunday How Aryabhata got the earth's circumference right  Of Firuz Shah, the other Tughlaq Letter from... my social media feeds  Be afraid. But don’t be very afraid. The best new Indian restaurants in London Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget News Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store January 19, 2017 10:51 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement National briefs: Court questions law barring offensive trademarks January 19, 2017 12:00 AM Compiled from news services WASHINGTON — In a First Amendment clash over a law barring offensive trademarks, the Supreme Court on Wednesday raised doubts about a government program that favors some forms of speech but rejects others that might disparage certain groups. The justices heard arguments in a dispute involving an Asian-American band called the Slants that was denied a trademark because the U.S. Patent and Trademark office said the name is offensive to Asians. Justice Elena Kagan reflected the concerns of several justices when she said government programs are not supposed to make a distinction based on viewpoint.  The Oregon-based band says the 70-year-old law violates free-speech rights. A federal appeals court had ruled that the law is unconstitutional, but the government appealed. But the justices also seemed concerned that imposing no limits on trademark names might go too far. The Supreme Court also considered whether high-level U.S. government officials can be held liable for the alleged unconstitutional treatment of a group of Muslim noncitizens after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer seemed particularly troubled during oral arguments Wednesday about the length of their incarceration and treatment even after government officials knew the men had no ties to terrorism. JPMorgan bias claims WASHINGTON — The Obama administration accused JPMorgan Chase in separate lawsuits of discriminating against minorities in home lending and against its own female employees by paying them less than male counterparts. The nation’s biggest bank has confronted claims of bias since at least 2009. The bank disputed both sets of claims and pledged to fight the gender lawsuit, while agreeing to pay $55 million to settle the race case, according to a person familiar with the matter. JPMorgan said in a statement it’s committed to diversity in the workplace. USDA rules on eggs, meat WASHINGTON — Organic meat and egg producers will have to abide by stricter animal welfare standards under a new rule announced by the Agriculture Department. The rule is a victory for animal rights groups. The regulations will ensure that organically grown livestock have enough space to lie down, turn around, stand up and fully stretch their limbs. Poultry will have enough room to move freely and spread their wings. Beaks can’t be removed and cattle tails can’t be cut. Living conditions will have to include fresh air, proper ventilation and direct sunlight. Oldest zoo gorilla dies COLUMBUS, Ohio — On Tuesday, the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium announced that Colo, the oldest known living gorilla in the country, had died. She departed in her sleep overnight, less than a month after celebrating her 60th birthday. In 1956, Colo made history, becoming the world’s first gorilla born in a zoo. Also in the nation ... The Orlando nightclub gunman’s widow pleaded not guilty to charges of aiding and abetting her husband’s support of the Islamic State group and hindering the investigation of the attack that killed 49 people and injured 53. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit for $55M Reuters | Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017, 11:42 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 11 hours ago NEW YORK — JPMorgan Chase & Co. has agreed to pay $55 million to settle a Justice Department lawsuit accusing it of discriminating against minority borrowers by allowing mortgage brokers to charge them more for home loans, a person familiar with the matter said Wednesday. The Justice Department complaint, filed in Manhattan federal court, accused the bank of willfully violating the Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act between 2006 and 2009 and showing “reckless disregard” for the rights of at least 53,000 blacks and Hispanic borrowers. “We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers,” JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour said. “We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit.” A spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara had no immediate comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to help originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. As a result of that discretion, minorities were charged more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile, paying tens of millions of dollars in additional mortgage costs, the complaint said. An African American taking out a $191,100 loan on average paid $1,126 more over the first five years of the loan than a white borrower. A Hispanic borrower with a $236,800 loan paid on average $968 more than a white borrower, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said. The Justice Department has been pursuing a number of banks over alleged discrimination. From 2010 to 2014, the agency's Civil Rights Division obtained more than $1.4 billion in relief under fair housing laws, according to an August report. In one case, Wells Fargo agreed to pay $175 million to settle allegations that it charged African American and Hispanic borrowers higher rates and fees on mortgages. Cities around the country, including Miami, Baltimore and Los Angeles, have filed lawsuits claiming that major banks targeted minorities for high-cost loans that often ended in foreclosures. The bank first disclosed Bharara's lawsuit in a quarterly filing in 2015. More Business Netflix's DVD service faces uncertain future Markets remain stuck in neutral Yellen expects Fed to gradually hike rates over next 3 years Student loan titan Navient accused of cheating borrowers Amazon opens 'machine translation' office in Pittsburgh TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending For Steelers fans, it's so easy to hate Brady, Belichick and the Patriots Pittsburgh Mills mall in Frazer sells for $100 Florida receiver with 'freakish athleticism' verbally commits to Pitt Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Steeler Nation, wildlife and high school hoops (Jan. 9 - Jan. 16) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices In final news conference, Obama defends a free press, his last acts in office The Washington Post David Nakamura, Juliet Eilperin 13 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL British OAP jailed in US for travelling there to prey on young boys Giant cream blob among possible Trafalgar Square plinth artworks Replay Video TD Ameritrade CEO: Trump Rally 'Got Ahead of Itself' Jan.18 -- TD Ameritrade CEO Tim Hockey discusses his outlook for the markets pre and post-election. He speaks on "What'd You Miss?" Bloomberg Wilbur Ross: Nafta Logically First Thing to Deal With Jan.18 -- Wilbur Ross, President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for Commerce secretary, discusses renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement during his confirmation hearing in Washington on Wednesday. Bloomberg Trump Looms Large as O’Leary Joins Conservative Race Jan.18 -- O’Leary declared his candidacy for leadership of the Conservative Party on Wednesday morning, joining a field of 13 other candidates -- some of whom are invoking parts of the U.S. president-elect’s insurgent messaging in a bid to distinguish themselves. Bloomberg News' Josh Wingrove reports. Bloomberg SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO President Obama held his final news conference at the White House on Wednesday, defending the importance of the free press and some of the final decisions he has made before leaving office. But even as touted some of the advances that had been made under his watch — such as Americans’ growing acceptance of members of the LGBT community — he warned of turmoil in the Middle East and unintended consequences of policy shifts President-elect Donald Trump might trigger once he takes office. Obama suggested the “moment may be passing” for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying his administration took the unusual step last month of not vetoing a U.N. resolution criticizing the expansion of Israeli settlements in Palestinian territory in order to issue “a wake-up call” to people in the region. © AP Photo US President Barack Obama. Given all the factors that have complicated the quest for peace there, the president said, the least they could do “is to preserve the possibility of a two-state solution, because we do not see an alternative to it.” Echoing the earlier comments of Secretary of State John F. Kerry, Obama said that in the absence of a two-state solution, “I don’t see how this issue gets resolved in a way that maintains Israel as both Jewish and a democracy.” Administration aides have begun to pack up in preparation for the handoff, with most of the West Wing staff scheduled to move out late Thursday. Officials said a small number of Obama aides will remain on the job through noon Friday, when Trump takes the oath of office. The president addressed his decision Tuesday to commute the 35-year prison sentence of Chelsea Manning, an Army private convicted of taking troves of secret diplomatic and military documents and disclosing them to WikiLeaks, after deciding that Manning had served enough time. “Let us be clear: Chelsea Manning has served a tough prison sentence,” Obama said, adding, “It made sense to commute — and not pardon her sentence . . . I feel very comfortable that justice has been served, and a message has still been sent.” He dismissed the idea that his act of clemency was aimed at securing the extradition of WikiLeaks’ founder Julian Assange, who has taken refuge in the Ecuadoran Embassy in London. “I don’t pay a lot of attention to Julian Assange’s tweets, so that wasn’t a consideration in this decision,” the president said. The president chose to field questions from reporters in the White House briefing room, a location chosen by aides in part for its symbolism of having the working press in proximity to those in power. Trump aides have alarmed reporters by suggesting that they could be moved out of the West Wing, with fewer chances to question senior officials. And as if to reinforce his message that diversity is an essential part of the American identity, Obama called on journalists from a range of outlets — from Latino, LGBT, African American and foreign outlets — during his news conference. In his opening statement, Obama praised reporters for “asking tough questions” of him and his aides, and serving as a conduit of information to ordinary citizens. “You’re not supposed to be sycophants, you’re supposed to be skeptics,” he said. “And having you in this building has helped this place work better. When reporters queried him on issues such as why he hadn’t done more to curb the spread of Ebola in 2014 or the oil leaking into the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, “It allows me to go back to my team and say, ‘Will you get this solved before the next press conference?’” © Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP President Obama speaks during his farewell address at McCormick Place in Chicago. The outgoing president somberly ruminated about the fragility of democracy and earnestly implored Americans to reject corrosive political dialogue. “So America needs you, and our democracy needs you,” he told the dozens of reporters gathered in the room. Obama also addressed the transition of power, and faced questions from reporters over the growing number of Democrats who have announced that they plan to boycott the inaugural ceremonies over differences with Trump. The president-elect and Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) have traded insults after Lewis questioned Trump’s electoral legitimacy in the wake of reports that Russian operatives meddled in the 2016 campaign in an effort to help Trump beat Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. “With respect to the inauguration, I’m not going to comment on those issues,” Obama said. “All I’m going to say is I’m going to be there, as is Michelle.” And while Obama said he had offered Trump his “best counsel,” he acknowledged the limits of that advice. Full Screen 1/24 SLIDES © Alex Wong/Getty Images As Barack Obama prepares to be a private citizen once again, we take a look at some of the highs and lows of his presidency. 2/24 SLIDES © Jim Bourg/Reuters January 2009 Following a tough campaign against Republican John McCain, Barack Obama was inaugurated as the 44th President of the United States. He made history as the first African-American president. (Pictured) Obama takes the oath of office as the 44th president of the United States from the U.S. Chief Justice John Roberts as his wife Michelle holds the Bible during the inauguration ceremony in Washington, on Jan. 20, 2009. 3/24 SLIDES © Helen H. Richardson/Denver Post via Getty Images February 2009 Obama’s presidency came at a time of severe economic recession and one of his first acts after taking office was to sign a $787 billion (£646 billion) economic stimulus bill into law, despite opposition from the Republicans. (Pictured) Obama signing the economic stimulus bill in Denver, Colorado, U.S. on Feb. 17, 2009. Vice-president Joe Biden looks on. 4/24 SLIDES © John McConnico/AP Photo October 2009 Obama became only the fourth U.S. President after Theodore Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson and Jimmy Carter to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. The Norwegian Nobel Committee said: “The Nobel Peace Prize for 2009 is to be awarded to President Barack Obama for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples.” 5/24 SLIDES © J. Scott Applewhite/AP Images March 2010 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which came to be known as Obamacare, was passed. It provided healthcare for more Americans than any other healthcare plan in the past. However, it had its fair share of critics and the incoming presidential regime is already on its way to repeal Obamacare. (Pictured) In this March 23, 2010 photo, Obama signs the Affordable Care Act in the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S.  6/24 SLIDES © MCT via Getty Images May 2011 Osama bin Laden – the Al-Qaeda chief and the mastermind behind the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks in the U.S. – was killed in a raid by the Navy Seals in his hideout in Abbottabad, Pakistan. It was seen as a major landmark in the U.S.-led war on terror. (Pictured) Obama and Joe Biden, along with with members of the national security team, receive an update on the mission against Bin Laden in the Situation Room of the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on May 1, 2011. 7/24 SLIDES © Jason Reed/Reuters October 2011 Following U.S. intervention in Libya, in conjunction with several western and Arab regimes, the Libyan leader Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was killed. However, the death of Gaddafi has thrown Libya into turmoil with no signs of normality in the country on the horizon just yet. (Pictured) Obama arrives at the Rose Garden of the White House, to make a statement to the press on the death of Libya's former leader Muammar Gaddafi, in Washington, U.S., on Oct. 20, 2011. 8/24 SLIDES © Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images December 2011 America invaded Iraq in 2003 and the withdrawal of the American troops was one of Obama's campaign promises. He ordered the last American troops to leave Iraq in 2011. On Dec. 18, 2011 the last of the American soldiers left the country ahead of a deadline set by then-President George W. Bush. (Pictured) Obama and Biden (L) take part in a ceremony to mark the return of the U.S. Forces on Dec. 20, 2011 at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland, U.S. 9/24 SLIDES © Reynolds/REX/Shutterstock September 2012 The Benghazi attack of Sept. 11, 2012, when militants attacked the American diplomatic compound in Libya and killed the American ambassador Chris Stevens and three others, was one of the low points during the Obama presidency and would come back to tarnish Hillary Clinton. (Pictured) Obama delivers remarks beside then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on the killing of Chris Stevens and three embassy staff in the Rose Garden of the White House, on Sept. 11, 2012. 10/24 SLIDES © Rex Shutterstock November 2012 Obama was re-elected to a second term as President in 2012, beating Republican nominee Mitt Romney. (Pictured) Barack Obama delivers his inaugural address after he was ceremonially sworn in for a second term by Chief Justice John Roberts as the 44th President of the United States in Washington D.C,  Jan. 21, 2013. 11/24 SLIDES © Reynolds/REX/Shutterstock December 2012 In one of the deadliest mass shootings in the U.S., Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut came under attack on Dec. 14. The shooter, Adam Lanza, killed 20 children between seven and eight years old as well as six adult staff members. Obama famously broke down (pictured) while talking about the shooting and went on to say: “As a country, we have been through this too many times.” 12/24 SLIDES © Pete Marovich/REX/Shutterstock January 2013 Obama took office on Jan. 20 to begin his second term as the U.S. President, becoming the third successive president – after Bill Clinton and George W. Bush – to be elected for a second term. (Pictured) Obama and first lady Michelle Obama leave the inaugural ball at the Walter E Washington Convention Center in Washington D.C., U.S. on Jan. 21, 2013. 13/24 SLIDES © Shawn Thew/REX/Shutterstock February 2013 One of Obama’s first acts in his second term as U.S. President was the signing of the No Budget, No Pay Act of 2013 into law. It placed a temporary restriction on Congressional salaries and suspended the U.S. debt ceiling from Feb. 4, 2013 until May 18, 2013. 14/24 SLIDES © Ken Cedeno/Corbis via Getty Images March 2013 Obama signed an expanded Violence Against Women Act in March. Originally passed in 1994, the act provides support for women suffering from domestic violence. (Pictured) Obama signs the Violence Against Women Act at the Dept. of Interior in Washington D.C., U.S. on March 7, 2013. 15/24 SLIDES © Win McNamee/Getty Images April 2013 At the finish line of the 2013 Boston Marathon, two pressure cooker bombs exploded, killing three people and injuring nearly 200. The perpetrators were brothers Tamerlane and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The former was killed in an intense shootout while the latter was captured in a Boston suburb and was sentenced to death in May 2015. (Pictured) Obama makes a statement in the White House briefing room about the Boston Marathon bombing on April 15, 2013. 16/24 SLIDES © Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images February 2014 Russian military intervened in the Ukraine and subsequently annexed the Ukrainian territory of Crimea much to the chagrin of a majority of the international community. Obama proceeded to impose various sanctions against "individuals and entities" responsible for the Russian intervention in Crimea. (Pictured) Russian President Vladimir Putin and Obama greet each other. 17/24 SLIDES © Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images April 2014 The Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act signed into law in April. It ended the Presidential Election Campaign Fund and also authorized a pediatric research initiative. (Pictured) Obama speaks with Jake Miller (L) before he signs the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, into law in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on April 3, 2014. 18/24 SLIDES © Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images March 2015 The New York Times revealed that the eventual 2016 Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, broke official rules by maintaining a personal email account for official correspondence. The revelation would continue to haunt the Democrats throughout Clinton’s failed bid for presidency. (Pictured) Clinton takes the phone of an employee to have a picture taken at a restaurant in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S. on Oct. 31, 2016. 19/24 SLIDES © Anadolu Agency/Getty Images July 2015 In a landmark achievement, the Obama administration succeeded in getting Iran to clamp down its nuclear program in exchange for relaxation in the sanctions imposed on the country. (Pictured) Obama speaks about the nuclear agreement that was reached with Iran at American University in Washington, U.S., on Aug. 5, 2015. 20/24 SLIDES © Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images December 2015 The Paris Agreement, which came into effect on Nov. 4, 2016, was adopted by consensus in December 2015. The agreement was negotiated between representatives from 195 countries and aims to bring into effect measures that deal with containing global warming. Obama hailed the agreement as “a turning point for the world.” (Pictured) Obama speaks about the Paris Agreement from the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Oct. 5, 2016. 21/24 SLIDES © Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images March 2016 In his continued efforts to normalize relations with its neighbor Cuba, Obama became the first U.S. President since Calvin Coolidge in 1928 to make a trip to Havana. (Pictured) Cuban President Raul Castro (L) greets U.S. Obama and first lady Michelle Obama before a state dinner at the Palace of the Revolution March 21, 2016 in Havana, Cuba. 22/24 SLIDES © Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images May 2016 Obama became the first sitting U.S. President to visit Hiroshima – one of the two cities that bore the brunt of the Unites States nuclear attacks in 1945. He went on to say that memory of the tragic strikes “must never fade.” (Picrtured) Obama hugs Shigeaki Mori, a survivor of the 1945 atomic bombing of Hiroshima, during a visit to the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park in Japan on May 27, 2016. 23/24 SLIDES © Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images July 2016 At the Democratic convention leading to the 2016 Presidential election, Obama put his full support behind Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and urged his former Secretary of State to defeat Donald Trump. (Pictured) Obama and Democratic Presidential nominee Clinton wave to the crowd on the third day of the Democratic National Convention at the Wells Fargo Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S., on July 27, 2016. 24/24 SLIDES © Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images December 2016 Following credible proof of Russian hand in the hacking into the 2016 U.S. Presidential election, Obama expelled 35 Russian diplomats and shut down several of their compounds in the U.S. 24/24 SLIDES “I can’t tell you how convincing I have been. I think you’d have to ask him,” the president said, noting that since the president-elect had campaigned on a platform that was contrary to many of his top priorities, “It is appropriate for him to go forward with his vision and his values, and I don’t expect that there’s going to be enormous overlap.” White House aides said the president has instructed his staff to “set aside” their personal feelings and work to ensure “that the next administration can get off to a running start,” press secretary Josh Earnest said in an interview on “CBS This Morning.” Obama’s participation in the inaugural ceremonies will be “the culmination of that effort to put the country’s interests ahead of his personal political interests.” Obama is leaving office on a high note, with 6 in 10 Americans approving of his job performance, moving him ahead of the average final mark for modern presidents, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll. By comparison, the poll showed that Trump is the least-popular incoming president in at least four decades, even as a majority of Americans expressed optimism that he will be able to fulfill his campaign pledges to boost the economy and deal with terrorist threats. Obama and his wife, Michelle, are scheduled to fly to Palm Springs, Calif. for a vacation Friday afternoon after Trump is sworn in. The Obamas are relocating to a private residence in Washington’s Kalorama neighborhood while their younger daughter, Sasha, finishes her final 2½ years of high school. Full Screen 1/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Amanda Lucidon Barack Obama, the 44th president of the U.S., held office for eight years. We take a look back at a selection of images during his presidency captured by the official White House photographers. (Pictured) "First Lady Michelle Obama snuggles against the president during a video taping for the 2015 World Expo in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House on March 27, 2015." *The descriptions are all provided by the White House chief photographer Pete Souza. 2/95 SLIDES © GES 3/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza Jan. 20, 2009 "President-elect Barack Obama was about to walk out to take the oath of office. Backstage at the U.S. Capitol, he took one last look at his appearance in the mirror." 4/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza Jan. 20, 2009 "We were on a freight elevator headed to one of the Inaugural Balls. It was quite chilly, so the president removed his tuxedo jacket and put it over the shoulders of his wife. Then they had a semi-private moment as staff member and Secret Service agents tried not to look." 5/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza Feb. 1, 2009 "During a Super Bowl watching party in the White House Theater, the president and first lady join their guests in watching one of the TV commercials in 3D." 6/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza Feb. 4, 2009 "The president talks with aides during an impromptu meeting around the Resolute desk." 7/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza April 7, 2009 "President Obama fist-bumps a U.S. soldier at Camp Victory in Baghdad. The president was treated to an overwhelming reception by the troops." 8/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza May 8, 2009 "A temporary White House staffer, Carlton Philadelphia, brought his family to the Oval Office for a farewell photo with President Obama. Carlton’s son softly told the president he had just gotten a haircut like President Obama, and asked if he could feel the president’s head to see if it felt the same as his." 9/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza July 8, 2009 "This was a great scene just before dinner at the G8 summit in L’Aquila, Italy. As the leaders arrived, they spontaneously moved to a small patio outside. Several different conversations were taking place. Finally as dusk settled in, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, at far right, motioned for everyone to move inside for the dinner." 10/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza Oct. 8, 2009 "The president jockeys for a rebound with congressmen during a basketball game at the White House. I think opponents are always surprised at how tough and competitive he can be." 11/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza Oct. 29, 2009 "This photo was taken about 4 a.m. after the president made an unannounced trip to Dover Air Force Base to pay respects to fallen troops coming back from Afghanistan. After meeting privately with the families, the president walked alone up the ramp of the cargo plane carrying the 18 caskets, all draped in American flags. I could see the emotion on his face as he walked from casket to casket, leaving a presidential coin on each. When he was done, he paused for a few minutes, head bowed in prayer. I heard him tell others later how that was the most difficult moment of his presidency thus far. Out of respect for the families, not all of who wanted their ceremony photographed, we can’t show those pictures." 12/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza Dec. 1, 2009 "He and the vice president were headed for the short walk from the White House to the Eisenhower Executive Office building to brief congressional leaders on his new Afghanistan strategy that he would publicly unveil at West Point that night. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton had just pulled up in her motorcade and the vice president congratulated her that her daughter, Chelsea, had just gotten engaged." 13/95 SLIDES © Official White House photo by Pete Souza Dec. 10, 2009 “Before the Nobel Peace Prize dinner in Oslo, Norway, the president and first lady wave from a balcony to the crowd gathered below in the town square. Not only did I have a unique vantage point, I was also able to keep warm on a very chilly night.” 14/95 SLIDES © GES 15/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza March 22, 2010 "The day after the health care bill passed, the president greeted Sen. Tom Harkin at the door of the Oval Office before a meeting with the Senate Democratic Leadership." 16/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza April 28, 2010 "Sometimes the unexpected happens. At a cafe in Missouri, I was trying to capture patrons snapping photos of each other with the President when this guy did what wise-guys do." 17/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 31, 2010 "The skies opened up on Memorial Day outside of Chicago, Illinois. When the lightning began, the Secret Service told the president that it was too dangerous to proceed. He took the stage by himself and informed the audience that his speech was canceled and that for everyone's safety, they should return to their buses. Later, he boarded a few of the buses to thank them for attending and apologized for not being able to speak." 18/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Aug. 8, 2010 "We were walking through a locker room at the University of Texas when White House Trip Director Marvin Nicholson stopped to weigh himself on a scale. Unbeknownst to him, the president was stepping on the back of the scale, as Marvin continued to slide the scale lever. Everyone but Marvin was in on the joke." 19/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Sept. 16, 2010 "We had arrived back at the Westchester County Airport in New York, headed back to Washington. Because of the configuration of the helicopter, everyone had to board before the president. So he waited for a few minutes in the motorcade, illuminated by the interior light, until everyone was situated." 20/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Nov. 14, 2010 "Visiting the Great Buddha of Kamakura, in Japan, the president had a green tea ice cream bar with his hosts. He had visited this Buddha as a young child and said he remembered sitting in the exact same place having an ice cream bar." 21/95 SLIDES © GES 22/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza March 19, 2011 "The late afternoon light was bouncing off the glass and steel at the Palácio do Alvorada in Brasilia, Brazil, as the president and his family arrived to greet Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff and Foreign Minister Antonio Patriota. I was backpedaling as I made this picture and in retrospect wish that I had taken this at a lower angle." 23/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 1, 2011 "Much has been made of this photograph that shows the president and vice president and the national security team monitoring in real time the mission against Osama bin Laden. Seated in this picture from left to right: Vice President Biden, the president, Brig. Gen. Webb, Deputy National Security Advisor Denis McDonough, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates. Standing, from left, are: Admiral Mike Mullen, then Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; National Security Advisor Tom Donilon; Chief of Staff Bill Daley; Tony Blinken, National Security Advisor to the Vice President; Audrey Tomason, Director for Counterterrorism; John Brennan, Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism; and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper." 24/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 23, 2011 "This was one of the great trips of the year, albeit brief, when we visited Ireland in May. This rope line in Moneygall was particularly fun as people reacted so jubilantly to the president and first lady. It was somewhat unusual, though, in that the sun kept coming in and out, and at times it was even pouring rain." 25/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 29, 2011 "The president visited Joplin, Missouri, following a devastating tornado. Here he greets Hugh Hills, 85, in front of his home. Hills told the President he hid in a closet during the tornado, which destroyed the second floor and half the first floor of his house." 26/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza June 9, 2011 "The president had attended the fourth grade closing ceremony for his daughter Sasha at her school in Bethesda, Maryland. As he was departing, he noticed some pre-school children peering out of a window at a child care facility adjacent to Sasha's school so he walked over to say hello to them." 27/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Samantha Appleton June 21, 2011 "Samantha Appleton, who has since left the White House, photographed the first lady as she met with former South African President Nelson Mandela at his home in Houghton, South Africa." 28/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Sept. 27, 2011 "The president shakes hands with students before he delivers remarks on the American Jobs Act at Abraham Lincoln High School in Denver, Colorado. The wider view also shows security personnel on the roof." 29/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Oct. 10, 2011 "The president walks into a hospital room at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, where he presented a wounded warrior with a Purple Heart." 30/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Oct. 25, 2011 "Even backstage, Jay Leno is a hoot. Here he tells the punch line to a funny story as the president waits to tape 'The Tonight Show' in Burbank, California." 31/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Nov. 21, 2011 "The president reacts jokingly after the first lady in her remarks called Jill Biden, 'my favorite person here,' despite the fact that her husband was standing next to her. All in good fun, the president then spoke at the signing ceremony for the Veterans Opportunity to Work to Hire Heroes Act of 2011 in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building." 32/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Nov. 24, 2011 "I photograph a lot of presidential phone calls from the Oval Office. But rarely is the light like this, backlit and reflecting back from a briefing paper. On Thanksgiving Day, the president made phone calls to 10 U.S. military service members — two each from the Army, Air Force, Coast Guard, Marine Corps and Navy — to thank them for their service in Iraq and Afghanistan and wish them a Happy Thanksgiving." 33/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Dec. 10, 2011 "Attending the annual Army vs. Navy football game at FedEx Field outside Washington, the president spent part of the first half watching the game with midshipmen from the Naval Academy. During the second half, he crossed the field and watched with cadets from the U.S. Military Academy (pictured here)." 34/95 SLIDES © GES 35/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Jan. 1, 2012 "A nice way to celebrate the New Year for the president was to jump in the ocean in his native state of Hawaii. He was on his annual Christmas vacation with family and friends, and went swimming at Pyramid Rock Beach in Kāneʻohe Bay." 36/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Jan. 24, 2012 "One of the most memorable moments of the year was when the president hugged Rep. Gabrielle Giffords as he walked onto the floor of the House Chamber at the U.S. Capitol to deliver his annual State of the Union address." 37/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy Jan. 25, 2012 "Chuck Kennedy made this amusing photograph of First Lady Michelle Obama participating in a potato sack race with Jimmy Fallon in the East Room of the White House during a 'Late Night with Jimmy Fallon' taping for the second anniversary of the Let’s Move! initiative." 38/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Feb. 21, 2012 "Egged on by B.B. King, at right, the president joins in singing 'Sweet Home Chicago' during the In Performance at the White House: Red, White and Blues concert in the East Room. Participants include, from left: Troy 'Trombone Shorty' Andrews, Jeff Beck, Derek Trucks, B.B. King, and Gary Clark, Jr." 39/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 1, 2012 "In Afghanistan, there was virtually no light inside the helicopter as we flew from Kabul back to Bagram Air Field after the president had met with Afghan President Hamid Karzai. (For the photo buffs, this photograph was taken at ISO 6400, 1/5 second at f/1.4.) Flanking the president are General John Allen, Commanding General of U.S. Forces in Afghanistan, and U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Ryan Crocker. Denis McDonough, Deputy National Security Advisor, is at left." 40/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 20, 2012 "'How cool is this,' the president said after he threw a football at Soldier Field following the NATO working dinner in Chicago, Illinois. I think he was especially excited to be on the home turf of his beloved Chicago Bears." 41/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souz June 15, 2012 "We had just arrived at the helicopter landing zone in Chicago and instead of walking right to the motorcade, the president and first lady walked past their vehicle to the edge of Lake Michigan to view the skyline of their home town." 42/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza July 5, 2012 "'Anyone want to try a piece of my strawberry pie,' the president asked those at adjacent tables during a stop for lunch at Kozy Corners restaurant in Oak Harbor, Ohio. A young boy said yes and came over for a big bite of pie." 43/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Sept. 14, 2012 "The president grasps the hand of the secretary of state after his remarks during the ceremony at Joint Base Andrews, marking the return to the United States of the remains of J. Christopher Stevens, U.S. Ambassador to Libya; Sean Smith, Information Management Officer; and Security Personnel Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods, who were killed in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya." 44/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Oct. 26, 2012 "The president pretends to be caught in Spider-Man's web as he greets Nicholas Tamarin, 3, just outside the Oval Office. Spider-Man had been trick-or-treating for an early Halloween with his father, White House aide Nate Tamarin in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. I can never commit to calling any picture my favorite, but the President told me that this was HIS favorite picture of the year when he saw it hanging in the West Wing a couple of weeks later." 45/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Nov. 15, 2012 "The president had just met with the U.S. Olympics gymnastics team, who because of a previous commitment had missed the ceremony earlier in the year with the entire U.S. Olympic team. The president suggested to McKayla Maroney that they recreate her 'not impressed' photograph before they departed." 46/95 SLIDES © GES 47/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Jan. 25, 2013 "On a cold day, the president races down the Colonnade with Denis McDonough's children en route to the announcement that Denis would become the new Chief of Staff." 48/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Feb. 14, 2013 "The president genuinely enjoys being with kids. Here, he played a magnifying glass game with children during a visit to a pre-kindergarten classroom at the College Heights Early Childhood Learning Center in Decatur, Georgia." 49/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza March 22, 2013 "The president was visiting the Yad Vashem Holocaust History Museum with Israeli President Shimon Peres, Israeli Prime Minster Benjamin Netanyahu, and others. When the president asked a question about the cityscape in the background, the sunlight lit up his hands adding another dimension to this photograph." 50/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza April 24, 2013 "The first lady reacts while talking with a youngster along a rope line with the president at Love Field Airport in Dallas, Texas." 51/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza April 25, 2013 "Four presidents. One funny story. Presidents Carter, Clinton, Obama and Bush wait backstage to be introduced during the dedication of the George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum on the campus of Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas." 52/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 26, 2013 "The president and members of the White House staff look out the window of Air Force One to view tornado damage over Moore, Oklahoma. After landing at Tinker Air Base, the president did a walking tour of the damage and met with those affected." 53/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza June 14, 2013 "The president called me over to pose for a photo with a young boy who had fallen asleep during the Father's Day ice cream social in the State Dining Room of the White House." 54/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy Aug. 28, 2013 "Chuck Kennedy worked with the National Park Service to be able to photograph from this angle at the Lincoln Memorial as the president, first lady, and former Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter walked to the stage during the ceremony for the 50th anniversary of the historic 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom." 55/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Sept. 20, 2013 "A Ford truck was stationed near the podium while the president delivered remarks on the economy at the Ford Kansas City Stamping Plant in Liberty, Missouri. After the speech, I positioned myself near the truck guessing that the president might lean over the hood of the truck to shake hands with Ford employees. Instead he opened the passenger door and slid over to the driver's seat so he could get even closer to the employees." 56/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Oct. 30, 2013 "The president hugs former Boston Celtics Hall of Fame basketball player Bill Russell during a stop to view the statue of Russell before its unveiling at City Hall Plaza in Boston, Massachusetts." 57/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Dec. 10, 2013 "South Africans cheer as President Obama waits in a tunnel at the soccer stadium before taking the stage to speak at Nelson Mandela's memorial service. It was a long overnight flight to Johannesburg, a few hours on the ground in the pouring rain, and then a long flight back to Washington." 58/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Dec. 25, 2013 "When little kids are around, you never know what will happen. On Christmas Day, the president and first lady were greeting almost 600 active duty troops and their families at Marine Corps Base Hawaii Kaneohe (known locally as K-Bay). This youngster gave the president a look, which he returned." 59/95 SLIDES © GES 60/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Feb. 11, 2014 "Ever the gentleman, the president helps the first lady off the stage after she thanked the White House chefs during the State Dinner for President François Hollande of France on the South Lawn of the White House." 61/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza April 4, 2014 "Despite the haphazard framing, I love the expressions on the president and one-year-old Lincoln Rose Smith as she learns to walk in the Oval Office. This moment happened when former Deputy Press Secretary Jamie Smith and her family stopped by for a departure greet and photograph with the president." 62/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza April 28, 2014 "'Help me up!', the president beckoned after posing for a photograph with children at the U.S. Embassy in Manila, the Philippines." 63/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 6, 2014 "Aides laugh as the president swats a fly that was invading his space in the Oval Office." 64/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 16, 2014 "Call it the Shake Shack slide. As he is wont to do, the president normally does a group photo with restaurant staff when he stops for lunch or dinner somewhere. After having lunch with Vice President Biden at a Shake Shack in Washington, D.C., the president asked me where he should stand for the photo. Before I could even reply, the president jumped on the counter and slid onto the other side. The vice president soon followed." 65/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza June 9, 2014 "The president sits for a 3D portrait being produced by the Smithsonian Institution. There were so many cameras and strobe lights flashing but the end result was kind of cool. 66/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson June 23, 2014 "This was a photograph that went viral when we posted it on Flickr. Lawrence Jackson captured a young boy face-planting himself onto the sofa in the Oval Office as the president greets his parents – a departing U.S. Secret Service agent and his wife." 67/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson Sept. 27, 2014 "Lawrence Jackson captured the first lady backstage watching the president deliver remarks at the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation's 44th Annual Legislative Conference Phoenix Awards Dinner in Washington D.C." 68/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Nov. 14, 2014 "The president walks with Aung San Suu Kyi back into her residence following their joint press conference in Yangon, Myanmar." 69/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson Nov. 19, 2014 "Lawrence Jackson captured the president bursting out in laughter as he and the first lady recorded a holiday video message in the Map Room of the White House." 70/95 SLIDES © GES 71/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza March 7, 2015 "I was moving around trying to capture different scenes away from the stage during the event to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of Bloody Sunday and the Selma to Montgomery civil rights marches. When I glanced back towards the stage, I noticed the president and first lady holding hands as they listened to the remarks of Rep. John Lewis. I managed to squeeze off a couple of frames before they began to applaud, and the moment was gone." 72/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Chuck Kennedy March 24, 2015 "Chuck Kennedy triggered a remote camera as the president concluded a joint press conference with President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan in the East Room of the White House." 73/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza April 17, 2015 "Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes needed some assistance with his wardrobe so the president joined Brian Mosteller, director of Oval Office operations, and Personal Aide Ferial Govashiri in helping to spruce him up." 74/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson March 7, 2015 "For presidential trips, I usually have another White House photographer accompany me so he or she can preset with the press and obtain angles that I can't, as I usually stay close to the president. Lawrence Jackson made this iconic image from the camera truck as the First Family joined others in beginning the walk across the Edmund Pettus Bridge." 75/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza April 9, 2015 "The president's wave aligns with a rainbow as he boards Air Force One at Norman Manley International Airport prior to departure from Kingston, Jamaica." 76/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza May 18, 2015 "After returning on Marine One, the president walks from the helicopter to the Oval Office holding an umbrella for aides Valerie Jarrett and Anita Decker Breckenridge." 77/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza June 8, 2015 "We were at the G7 summit in Krün, Germany. Chancellor Angela Merkel asked the leaders and outreach guests to make their way to a bench for a group photograph. The president happened to sit down first, followed closely by the chancellor. I only had time to make a couple of frames before the background was cluttered with other people." 78/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Sept. 2, 2015 "'He was just excited to see you,' one of the salmon fisherwoman exclaimed after a salmon spawned on the president's feet at Kanakanak Beach in Bristol Bay, Alaska." 79/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson Oct. 27, 2015 "The president participates in a group selfie in the East Room with the U.S. Women's National Soccer Team celebrating their victory in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup." 80/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Oct. 30, 2015 "This is the first time the same child has made two appearances in the Year in Photos. But it was difficult to not again include Ella Rhodes, daughter of Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes, after the president lifted her in her elephant costume that she was wearing for a Halloween event at the White House." 81/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Nov. 17, 2015 "The president talks with Captain Vince Sibala during a tour of the BRP Gregorio del Pilar (PF-15) in Manila Harbor, Philippines. The ship was a former U.S. Coast Guard cutter acquired by the Philippines after it was decommissioned." 82/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Dec. 7, 2015 "Comedian Jerry Seinfeld knocks on the Oval Office window to begin a segment for his series, ‘Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee.’" 83/95 SLIDES © GES 84/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Jan. 5, 2016 "With sunlight streaming through a window in the Green Room, President Obama listens to his introduction by Mark Barden, whose 7-year-old son Daniel was killed during the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. Later, as he made remarks in the East Room, he began to cry as he recalled the day of the shootings; he called it the worst day of his presidency." 85/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Feb. 16, 2016 "President Obama reacts as his putt falls just short during an impromptu game of golf with staffers Joe Paulsen, left, and Marvin Nicholson after the U.S.-ASEAN Summit at the Annenberg Retreat at Sunnylands in Rancho Mirage, California." 86/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Feb. 18, 2016 "I had my eye on this youngster while President Obama spoke during a reception at the White House celebrating African American History Month. When the president started greeting audience members along the rope line, I bent down in front of the young man and captured this moment of the president touching his face before he too bent down to greet him. Afterwards, I tracked down his name, Clark Reynolds, and had the president sign a copy for him." 87/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza April 22, 2016 "Originally it was unclear whether I would be permitted to photograph the president meeting Prince George. But the night before, our advance team called and said they had gotten word from Kensington Palace that they would allow me access to make candid photographs during their visit. Afterwards, this photograph garnered the most attention but at the time all I could think was how the table at right was hindering my ability to be at the optimum angle for this moment." 88/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Aug. 24, 2016 "President Obama watches a virtual reality film captured during his trip to Yosemite National Park earlier this summer as Personal Aide Ferial Govashiri continues working at her computer.” 89/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Oct. 3, 2016 "The White House was hosting South by South Lawn, an event based on the infamous South by Southwest event in Austin, Texas. Just before lunch that day, the president was checking out the setup from a window in the Oval Office before the gates were opened. ‘Hey Pete,’ he said to me, ‘let’s go take a picture with the LEGO® men.’ And so we did." 90/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Oct. 14, 2016 "There was almost no light remaining at the end of the day when the president and first lady walked out to the South Lawn for a ‘Fourth Quarter’ toast to White House staff." 91/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Oct. 31, 2016 "The president was about to welcome local children for Halloween trick-or-treating when he ran into Superman Walker Earnest, son of Press Secretary Josh Earnest, in the Ground Floor Corridor of the White House. ‘Flex those muscles,’ he said to Walker." 92/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Nov. 10, 2016 "Two days after the election, the president meets with President-elect Donald Trump." 93/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Nov. 11, 2016 "The excitement in his face says it all. Bill Mohr, 108 years old (not a typo), was the oldest living World War II veteran when he met President Obama after a Veterans Day breakfast at the White House. When Bill passed away, his family released a statement including this sentence: ‘Meeting a sitting president was the fulfillment of a lifelong dream for our father, who was a true patriot.’" 94/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Nov. 22, 2016 "Bruuuuuce! The president reaches out to shake hands with Bruce Springsteen in the Blue Room of the White House prior to the Presidential Medal of Freedom ceremony. I’m so happy for Bruce, having been a fan of his for almost 30 years during which I’ve seen at least 35 of his concerts." 95/95 SLIDES © Official White House Photo by Pete Souza Dec. 27, 2016 "President Obama and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan toss flowers at the wishing well after laying a wreath at the USS Arizona Memorial in Pearl Harbor." 95/95 SLIDES Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Washington Post Why European leaders fear the uncertain Trump era The Washington Post 'His presidency is doomed' The Washington Post Clue that could blow 45-year-old mystery wide open The Washington Post Humans have destroyed 7 percent of Earth’s pristine forest landscapes just since 2000 The Washington Post The Washington Post View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Supported by the University of Pittsburgh School of Law    Home News All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News News Archive This Day at Law Commentary All Commentary Academic Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Contributing Editors Features Documents US Executive Orders US Federal Rulemaking US Presidential Memoranda Support Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Sponsorship About FAQ Staff Contact Transparency Sutin Prize Shawl Award J20 Election 2000 Famous Trials Staff Retrospective Follow Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Contact Feeds Paper Chase Serious law. Primary sources. Global perspective. advertisement JPMorgan agrees to settlement on mortgage discrimination complaint Wednesday 18 January 2017 at 3:35 PM ET by Justin Cosgrove ©  WikiMedia (Joe Mabel) [JURIST] JPMorgan Chase & Co [corporate website] agreed Wednesday to pay $55 million to settle a lawsuit [complaint, PDF] by the US Department of Justice (DOJ) [official website]. The lawsuit accuses [Reuters report] JPMorgan of discriminating against minority borrowers by allowing mortgage brokers to charge them more for home loans. The lawsuit accused the bank of violating the US Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act by charging thousands of minorities more money for home loans through wholesale loans. JPMorgan allegedly allowed their brokers to change the rates charged for such loans without documenting the reasons for the changing rates. US banking companies [JURIST backgrounder] have been under intense scrutiny in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ordered [JURIST report] Bank of America to pay $727 million for its illegal credit card practices. The DOJ criticized [JURIST report] the US Sentencing Commission in March 2015 after a federal panel introduced a proposal which would reduce prison time for white-collar criminals. In July 2015 Citigroup, Inc. agreed [JURIST report] to pay USD $7 billion to settle a federal inquiry into mortgage-backed securities sold by the bank prior to the financial crisis. The US Supreme Court granted certiorari [JURIST report] in April 2015 to hear a mortgage lending case in which Countrywide failed to provide required information and the borrowers attempted to rescind the loan. In February 2015 the Supreme Court heard oral arguments [JURIST report] on a subprime mortgage fraud case. Earlier that month JPMorgan Chase paid [JURIST report] a USD $614 million settlement to the US government for its role in approving unqualified mortgages for government insurance. Posted in Paper Chase Latest Commentary prevnext Safe Spaces and First Amendment Rights: Do Safe Spaces Belong on College Campuses? Fuad Rafidi Valparaiso University School of Law Thinking Beyond the ICJ's Marshall Islands Judgment Mohit Gupta South Asian University Sixth Circuit Undermines Labor Statute Angela B. Cornell Cornell Law School No Ordinary Lawsuit: Juliana v. United States is a Landmark Precedent for Climate Change Legislation Gabriela Steier Duquesne University School of Law Benny King and the criminalization of addiction in America Stephen Cooper What the Federal Court Decision Against Blanket Drug Testing Means for Students More Commentary About Paper Chase Paper Chase is JURIST's real-time legal news service, powered by a team of 30 law student reporters and editors led by law professor Bernard Hibbitts at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. As an educational service, Paper Chase is dedicated to presenting important legal news and materials rapidly, objectively and intelligibly in an accessible format. Contact Paper Chase >> advertisement Recent Legal News Tags General Motors complies with SEC order over accounting failures in defect case 3:53 PM ET, 18 January 2017 JPMorgan agrees to settlement on mortgage discrimination complaint 3:35 PM ET, 18 January 2017 Gambia president declares state of emergency 3:04 PM ET, 18 January 2017 Amnesty calls on Bahrain authorities to commute death sentences 2:41 PM ET, 18 January 2017 Malaysia court rules opposition leader can challenge rejection of royal pardon 2:23 PM ET, 18 January 2017 US appeals court revives FDIC suit against banks over mortgage-backed securities sales 1:54 PM ET, 18 January 2017 domestic GM SEC settlement advertisement About JURIST JURIST is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to bringing objective legal news and reasoned expert analysis to the public. E-mail inquiries, changes, news tips, URLs, corrections, etc. to JURIST@jurist.org. Legal Disclaimer JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help. Questions × Your message has been sent. Thank you! © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Home News Commentary Features Podcasts Support About © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Legal Disclaimer Please note that JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corp. (MNR) Director Matthew I. Hirsch Buys 2,841 Shares Peregrine Capital Management LLC Buys New Stake in IAC/InterActive (IAC) Burlington Stores Inc. (BURL) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy Raytheon Co. (RTN) Lowered to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Israel Chemicals Ltd. (ICL) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Huron Consulting Group Inc. (HURN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (MDRX) Pandora Media Inc. (P) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Goldman Sachs Group (GS) Pioneer Energy Services Corp. (PES) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research PBF Logistics LP (PBFX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group Reiterates “€58.60” Price Target for Societe Generale SA (GLE) FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Weatherford International Ltd. Issued By Griffin Securities (WFT) Ardsley Advisory Partners Purchases Shares of 515,000 Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) Constellation Brands Inc. (STZ) VP F Paul Hetterich Acquires 752 Shares of Stock Viavi Solutions Inc. (VIAV) SVP Susan Louise Spradley Sells 13,110 Shares Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings Inc. (LTRPA) Insider Richard N. Baer Sells 9,301 Shares NxStage Medical Inc. (NXTM) CEO Jeffrey H. Burbank Sells 7,500 Shares Symantec Corp. (SYMC) EVP Scott C. Taylor Sells 8,000 Shares of Stock United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (UDR) Shares Bought by DnB Asset Management AS January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet DnB Asset Management AS boosted its stake in shares of United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:UDR) by 5.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 20,444 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. DnB Asset Management AS’s holdings in United Dominion Realty Trust were worth $736,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Westpac Banking Corp boosted its position in shares of United Dominion Realty Trust by 8.3% in the second quarter. Westpac Banking Corp now owns 155,752 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $5,750,000 after buying an additional 11,947 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of United Dominion Realty Trust by 13.7% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 358,927 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $13,251,000 after buying an additional 43,300 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of United Dominion Realty Trust by 7.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 243,483 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $8,989,000 after buying an additional 17,711 shares during the period. Telos Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of United Dominion Realty Trust by 2.8% in the second quarter. Telos Capital Management Inc. now owns 15,414 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $569,000 after buying an additional 427 shares during the period. Finally, Forsta AP Fonden purchased a new position in shares of United Dominion Realty Trust during the second quarter valued at about $4,342,000. Institutional investors own 99.47% of the company’s stock. Shares of United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:UDR) traded up 0.39% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $36.07. The stock had a trading volume of 813,423 shares. United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. has a 12-month low of $32.79 and a 12-month high of $38.61. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $35.12 and its 200-day moving average price is $35.40. The stock has a market capitalization of $9.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 43.67 and a beta of 0.36. United Dominion Realty Trust (NYSE:UDR) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.01. The company earned $243.25 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $239.85 million. United Dominion Realty Trust had a net margin of 22.79% and a return on equity of 7.52%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.42 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. will post $0.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, January 10th will be given a dividend of $0.295 per share. This represents a $1.18 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.27%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, January 6th. United Dominion Realty Trust’s payout ratio is 145.68%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (UDR) Shares Bought by DnB Asset Management AS” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/united-dominion-realty-trust-inc-udr-shares-bought-by-dnb-asset-management-as.html. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on UDR. Mizuho reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of United Dominion Realty Trust in a research report on Friday, December 23rd. J P Morgan Chase & Co cut United Dominion Realty Trust from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $40.00 to $37.00 in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Morgan Stanley cut United Dominion Realty Trust from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. BMO Capital Markets cut United Dominion Realty Trust from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $38.00 to $35.00 in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. Finally, Evercore ISI upgraded United Dominion Realty Trust from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, November 28th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $38.40. In other United Dominion Realty Trust news, SVP Harry G. Alcock sold 7,082 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.00, for a total transaction of $254,952.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 113,063 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,070,268. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Warren L. Troupe sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.15, for a total transaction of $542,250.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 538,422 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,463,955.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 2.79% of the company’s stock. About United Dominion Realty Trust UDR, Inc is a real estate investment trust. The Company owns, operates, acquires, renovates, develops, redevelops and manages multifamily apartment communities generally located in various markets across the United States. The Company operates through two segments: Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UDR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:UDR). Receive News & Ratings for United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Davos Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  'This is just outrageous': Tensions flare even before Treasury pick Mnuchin's opening remarks × × × Brexit HSBC, UBS to shift 1,000 jobs each from UK in Brexit blow to London 15 Hours AgoReuters SHARES Ben Stansall | AFP | Getty Images The financial offices of banks, including JPMorgan Chase, Citi, HSBC, and other institutions in the financial district of Canary Wharf, are pictured from Greenwich Park in London on January 17, 2017. Two of Europe's biggest banks warned on Wednesday that they could each move about 1,000 jobs out of London as they prepare for expected disruption caused by Britain's exit from the European Union. UBS Chairman Axel Weber said that about 1,000 of the Swiss bank's 5,000 employees in London could be affected by Brexit, while HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said his bank will relocate staff responsible for generating around a fifth of its UK-based trading revenue to Paris. Germany's Handelsblatt newspaper also reported that Goldman Sachs is considering halving its London workforce to 3,000 and moving key operations to New York and continental Europe, particularly Frankfurt, where it could move up to 1,000 staff. A Goldman Sachs spokeswoman in Frankfurt said the bank does not recognize the numbers in the Handelsblatt report and that it has yet to make a decision on the matter. Leading financial firms warned for months before Britain's June referendum on European Union membership that they would move jobs out of the country if there was a vote to leave but have set out few details since on how many will go or where to. "We will move in about two years time when Brexit becomes effective," HSBC's Gulliver told Reuters at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. show chapters Liberty Global CEO: Brexit 'trickle-down' effect could harm consumers    Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 9:53 AM ET | 00:52 And in another potentially damaging blow to London's status as Europe's main financial centre, UBS's Weber told the BBC in Davos that 1,000 staff working in businesses that would be hit by Britain losing its 'passport' to sell financial services in Europe would be affected. Other banks are expected to announce more concrete plans for how they will adapt to Brexit in the coming months after Prime Minister Theresa May confirmed in a speech on Tuesday that Britain would leave the European single market. Frankfurt subsidiary Goldman staff moving to Frankfurt would include traders and managers responsible for regulation and compliance, financial sources told Handelsblatt. The bank is setting up a new subsidiary in Frankfurt to bring European operations together. Back-office personnel would move to Warsaw and investment bankers who advise French and Spanish companies would move to those countries, Handelsblatt reported, while trading staff who develop new products would move to New York. HSBC, Europe's biggest bank, is at an advantage to its major U.S. rivals as it already has a large subsidiary in Paris that holds most of the licences needed by an investment bank, meaning that Gulliver has been able to set out more detailed plans. It is expected to move about 1,000 staff involved in trading products, such as European stocks, that are regulated by the EU. HSBC's global banking and markets division, which houses those roles, made a $384 million profit in the UK in 2015, a company filing showed. In 2016 UBS set up a bank in Frankfurt to consolidate most of its European wealth management operations in an effort to conserve capital and simplify its structure. show chapters UBS AG CEO: We need more details on Brexit    Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 | 7:36 AM ET | 00:28 Meanwhile, Lloyds Banking Group is considering setting up a subsidiary in Frankfurt, though no final decision has been taken, according to a person familiar with the plans. The shift of jobs will be a blow to the City of London, which has been lobbying since the Brexit vote for financial firms in Britain to retain the EU 'passporting rights' that allows them to sell their services across the bloc. But passporting is unlikely to continue with Britain outside the European single market and companies say they are now likely to press ahead with plans to move staff, even though May said she would try to negotiate some form of market access. The City's best hope will be for the government to agree a transitional arrangement whereby financial businesses can continue to operate out of Britain across the EU for a number of years after Brexit, in the hope that a favorable access deal is achieved in the interim. "We would like to see a transitional agreement announced as soon as possible," Mark Boleat, policy chairman at the City of London Corporation, said in a statement after May's speech. HSBC shares closed 1.8 percent up, against a 0.2 percent fall in the broader European banks index. UBS shares were down 2.1 percent. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business JPMorgan settles federal mortgage discrimination suit UPDATED: WEDNESDAY, JAN. 18, 2017, 6:40 P.M. By Renae Merle Washington Post Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS NEW YORK – JPMorgan Chase said Wednesday that it had agreed to settle a federal lawsuit accusing the bank of working with mortgage brokers who discriminated against minority borrowers for years by charging them $1,000 more than white customers. The case was settled for $55 million, according to a person familiar with the settlement who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the details are not yet public. Between 2006 and 2009, JPMorgan charged at least 53,000 black and Hispanic borrowers more than white borrowers with the same credit and risk profiles, according to a lawsuit filed by U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan. Black borrowers were charged an average of about $1,126 more for a $191,100 mortgage loan, while Hispanic customers were charged about $968 more on an average loan of about $236,800. These borrowers, the lawsuit alleged, collectively suffered “tens of millions of dollars in damages” in violation of the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. In a statement, JPMorgan denied the allegations, saying: “We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers. We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit.” In its response filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan, the bank said that it had a “robust monitoring program” and that it was not responsible “for acts of independent, third party brokers.” Bharara’s office declined to comment on the settlement, which has not been approved by a judge. JPMorgan, the largest bank in the country by assets, is also one of the largest mortgage lenders. Through the third quarter of 2016, JPMorgan originated about $75 billion in mortgage loans, putting it second in the market to Wells Fargo, according to the trade publication Mortgage Daily. For years, JPMorgan used a network of mortgage brokers throughout the country, according to the federal lawsuit. Those brokers were given leeway on what interest rates and fees they charged customers. When brokers secured higher interest rates, the lawsuit claims, they were rewarded with a bonus. The bank did not require the mortgage brokers to explain why they were charging some customers more than others, according to the lawsuit. But JPMorgan should have known that minority borrowers were routinely being discriminated against through its “wholesale” lending program. (JPMorgan ended the program in 2009.) JPMorgan’s pattern “of discrimination has been intentional and willful, and has been implemented with reckless disregard of the rights of African-American and Hispanic borrowers,” the lawsuit says. U.S. officials have reached similar settlements with other large banks, including Wells Fargo, for mortgage practices dating to the housing boom and the financial crisis that followed. The settlement amount is small, especially for a bank as big as JPMorgan, said Carl Tobias, a professor at University of Richmond School of Law. “One question is whether the case and the settlement will 1/8deter 3/8 other instances of alleged mortgage discrimination,” he said. Also Wednesday, the Labor Department filed an administrative complaint against JPMorgan, accusing the bank of paying some female employees in technology-related positions less than their male counterparts. The pay disparities, which were not detailed in the complaint, violate a 2012 executive order for government contractors, according to the Labor Department’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. JPMorgan was alerted to the problem in 2015, the complaint claims. In a statement, JPMorgan denied the allegations and said it was committed to corporate diversity. “We tried to work with the Labor Department regarding this matter and resolve any concerns,” the statement said. “We are disappointed that the OFCCP chose to file a complaint, but look forward to presenting our evidence to a neutral decision maker.” Updated: Jan. 18, 2017, 6:40 p.m.  Tags: discrimination, JPMorgan Chase, lawsuit, minority borrowers, Mortgage brokers Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Cooper Tire & Rubber Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Anadarko Petroleum Corp. (APC) Given “Outperform” Rating at RBC Capital Markets American Water Works (AWK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Hilliard Lyons Alaska Air Group Inc. (ALK) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Insight Enterprises, Inc. (NSIT) Given Average Recommendation of “Sell” by Brokerages Shaftesbury plc (SHB) PT Raised to GBX 879 National Grid plc (NG) Raised to “Buy” at Investec Numis Securities Ltd Downgrades Land Securities Group plc (LAND) to Reduce Short Interest in Magnetek Inc (MAG) Decreases By 7.8% Direct Line Insurance Group PLC’s (DLG) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt National Steel Company (SID) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Zacks: Axa SA (AXAHY) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Lloyd I. Miller III Sells 50,000 Shares of Straight Path Communications (STRP) Stock Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for J.C. Penney (JCP) BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Given a GBX 1,550 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Pure Storage, Inc. (PSTG) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Q4 2016 EPS Estimates for Canadian National Railway Co. Raised by Desjardins (CNI) Q4 2016 EPS Estimates for Secure Energy Services Inc Boosted by Analyst (SES) Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Hansard Global plc (HSD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Liberum Capital Reiterates Sell Rating for Pets at Home Group PLC (PETS) Zacks Investment Management Cuts Stake in Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (CTB) Posted by William Strong on Jan 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Management lowered its position in Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE:CTB) by 3.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 25,130 shares of the company’s stock after selling 983 shares during the period. Zacks Investment Management’s holdings in Cooper Tire & Rubber Company were worth $955,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of CTB. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company by 1.5% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,224,648 shares of the company’s stock worth $66,338,000 after buying an additional 32,409 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company by 1.4% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,974,094 shares of the company’s stock worth $58,867,000 after buying an additional 27,390 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company by 5.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,960,225 shares of the company’s stock worth $74,528,000 after buying an additional 97,702 shares during the period. Fairpointe Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company by 233.6% in the second quarter. Fairpointe Capital LLC now owns 1,939,627 shares of the company’s stock worth $57,840,000 after buying an additional 1,358,165 shares during the period. Finally, Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company by 2.4% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,600,830 shares of the company’s stock worth $60,864,000 after buying an additional 37,000 shares during the period. 91.66% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE:CTB) remained flat at $36.25 during trading on Wednesday. 822,894 shares of the stock were exchanged. Cooper Tire & Rubber Company has a 52 week low of $29.29 and a 52 week high of $40.75. The company has a market cap of $1.94 billion, a PE ratio of 8.49 and a beta of 0.04. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $38.40 and its 200-day moving average is $35.70. Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE:CTB) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, October 31st. The company reported $1.04 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.01 by $0.03. Cooper Tire & Rubber Company had a net margin of 8.17% and a return on equity of 23.13%. The firm had revenue of $751 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $689.09 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.93 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 4.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Cooper Tire & Rubber Company will post $4.33 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, December 29th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 2nd were issued a dividend of $0.105 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, November 30th. This represents a $0.42 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.16%. Cooper Tire & Rubber Company’s payout ratio is presently 9.86%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/19/zacks-investment-management-cuts-stake-in-cooper-tire-rubber-company-ctb.html. CTB has been the topic of a number of research reports. Jefferies Group reissued a “hold” rating and set a $37.00 target price on shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. Off Wall Street reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $22.00 price objective on shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company in a report on Monday, November 7th. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 price objective on shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company in a report on Thursday, September 22nd. KeyCorp began coverage on shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. They issued an “overweight” rating on the stock. Finally, Standpoint Research cut shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, October 7th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $39.30. In other Cooper Tire & Rubber Company news, Director John J. Holland sold 4,000 shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Company stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.86, for a total transaction of $151,440.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,913 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $223,866.18. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Company insiders own 0.80% of the company’s stock. About Cooper Tire & Rubber Company Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (Cooper) is a manufacturer and marketer of replacement tires. The Company specializes in the design, manufacture, marketing and sales of passenger car and light truck tires. Cooper and its subsidiaries sell medium truck, motorcycle and racing tires. It has four business segments: North America, composed of its operations in the United States and Canada; Latin America, composed of its operations in Mexico, Central America and South America; Europe, and Asia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CTB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE:CTB). Receive News & Ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous 49,358 Shares in First Midwest Bancorp, Inc. (FMBI) Acquired by Zacks Investment Management Next » Trellus Management Company LLC Maintains Position in Vertex Energy, Inc (VTNR) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AU Optronics Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AU Optronics Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) Receives “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital Parkway Properties Inc. (PKY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Post Holdings, Inc. (POST) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Protagonist Therapeutics, Inc. (PTGX) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research AFH Financial Group Plc (AFHP) Given “Buy” Rating at Liberum Capital Revolution Bars Group PLC (RBG) PT Raised to GBX 245 Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Upgrades JULIUS BAER GRUPPE UNSP ADR EA REP 0.2 (JBAXY) to “Buy” Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. (ZAYO) Now Covered by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Q4 2016 Earnings Estimate for Canadian National Railway Company Issued By Desjardins (CNR) Jefferies Group Comments on Eni SpA’s Q4 2016 Earnings (E) Brokerages Set American Airlines Group Inc. (AAL) Price Target at $45.79 Groupon Inc. (GRPN) Receives $4.89 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Aetna Inc. (AET) Receives $132.86 Average Target Price from Brokerages QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Gluskin Sheff + Associates Inc (GS) PT Raised to C$18.00 Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Mirna Therapeutics, Inc. (MIRN) to Hold Vermilion Energy Inc. (VET) to Issue Monthly Dividend of C$0.22 on February 15th CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sotheby’s (BID) to “Hold” BlackRock Inc. Has $1,113,000 Stake in AU Optronics Corp (AUO) January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Inc. maintained its position in AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 304,820 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. BlackRock Inc.’s holdings in AU Optronics Corp were worth $1,113,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in AU Optronics Corp by 972.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 604,948 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,208,000 after buying an additional 548,559 shares during the period. Point72 Asia Singapore Pte. Ltd. bought a new position in AU Optronics Corp during the second quarter worth approximately $1,082,000. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in AU Optronics Corp by 3.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 9,181,419 shares of the company’s stock worth $32,043,000 after buying an additional 295,037 shares during the period. EverPoint Asset Management LLC bought a new position in AU Optronics Corp during the second quarter worth approximately $611,000. Finally, Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in AU Optronics Corp by 10.7% in the second quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 1,112,940 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,884,000 after buying an additional 107,258 shares during the period. 6.06% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO) traded up 0.74% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $4.07. The stock had a trading volume of 489,991 shares. The firm’s market cap is $3.92 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $3.71 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.78. AU Optronics Corp has a 52 week low of $2.32 and a 52 week high of $4.42. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/blackrock-inc-has-1113000-stake-in-au-optronics-corp-auo.html. Several research analysts have commented on AUO shares. Nomura downgraded AU Optronics Corp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, October 28th. Drexel Hamilton reissued a “hold” rating on shares of AU Optronics Corp in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded AU Optronics Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $3.58. AU Optronics Corp Company Profile AU Optronics Corp. is a thin-film-transistor liquid-crystal display (TFT-LCD) panel provider. The Company operates in two business segments: display business and solar business. Through Display business segment, the Company designs, develops, manufactures, assembles and markets flat panel displays and most of its products are TFT-LCD panels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AUO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO). Receive News & Ratings for AU Optronics Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AU Optronics Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance National Storage Affiliates Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Storage Affiliates Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Advisors Preferred LLC Dynamic Capital Management Ltd Takes Position in Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) SECOR Capital Advisors LP Sells 1,753 Shares of Loxo Oncology, Inc. (LOXO) Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Has $355,000 Position in Marriott International (MAR) Affinity Wealth Management Acquires New Stake in Acuity Brands Inc (AYI) Css LLC Il Sells 19,149 Shares of Liberty Media Corporation (LMCA) Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Shares Sold by Css LLC Il SECOR Capital Advisors LP Sells 10,794 Shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) Spark Investment Management LLC Reduces Stake in Dorian LPG Ltd. (LPG) WCM Investment Management CA Acquires New Position in Quaker Chemical Corporation (KWR) Vetr Inc. Lowers Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) to Hold Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Upgraded to Buy by Vetr Inc. Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS) Stake Held by Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Rocket Fuel Inc. (FUEL) Shares Sold by Spark Investment Management LLC IBM Retirement Fund Has $383,000 Stake in Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Front Barnett Associates LLC Has $406,000 Stake in Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) SECOR Capital Advisors LP Buys New Stake in Bank of the Ozarks (OZRK) Nuvectra Corporation (NVTR) Shares Sold by Spark Investment Management LLC Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW) Shares Bought by Brown Advisory Securities LLC Boeing Company (The) (BA) Shares Sold by Messner & Smith Theme Value Investment Management Ltd. CA National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Stake Boosted by BlackRock Inc. January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of National Storage Affiliates Trust (NYSE:NSA) by 101.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 52,904 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 26,599 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc.’s holdings in National Storage Affiliates Trust were worth $1,108,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in NSA. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in National Storage Affiliates Trust by 27.4% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 464,959 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $9,680,000 after buying an additional 100,000 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. purchased a new position in National Storage Affiliates Trust during the second quarter worth approximately $339,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP purchased a new position in National Storage Affiliates Trust during the second quarter worth approximately $1,065,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in National Storage Affiliates Trust by 92.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 193,968 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $4,039,000 after buying an additional 93,142 shares during the period. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its position in National Storage Affiliates Trust by 246.8% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 353,505 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7,360,000 after buying an additional 251,585 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.73% of the company’s stock. National Storage Affiliates Trust (NYSE:NSA) traded down 0.09% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $21.84. The company had a trading volume of 240,708 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $21.57 and a 200-day moving average price of $20.74. National Storage Affiliates Trust has a 52-week low of $15.67 and a 52-week high of $23.19. The company has a market capitalization of $783.97 million, a PE ratio of 66.38 and a beta of 0.74. National Storage Affiliates Trust (NYSE:NSA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.29 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.02. The firm earned $52.95 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $51.27 million. National Storage Affiliates Trust had a net margin of 7.95% and a return on equity of 2.31%. National Storage Affiliates Trust’s revenue for the quarter was up 48.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.24 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that National Storage Affiliates Trust will post $0.29 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were paid a $0.24 dividend. This is a boost from National Storage Affiliates Trust’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.22. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.40%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. National Storage Affiliates Trust’s payout ratio is presently 417.39%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/national-storage-affiliates-trust-nsa-stake-boosted-by-blackrock-inc.html. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on NSA shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered National Storage Affiliates Trust from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Vetr raised National Storage Affiliates Trust from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $22.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, October 24th. Finally, Jefferies Group raised National Storage Affiliates Trust from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $22.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Wednesday, September 21st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $23.57. About National Storage Affiliates Trust National Storage Affiliates Trust is an integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust. The Company is focused on the ownership, operation and acquisition of self-storage properties located within various metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) across the United States. The Company’s segment consists of investments in self-storage properties located in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for National Storage Affiliates Trust (NYSE:NSA). Receive News & Ratings for National Storage Affiliates Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Storage Affiliates Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Nordstrom Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nordstrom Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Atlas Energy Group LLC (ATLS) Major Shareholder Leon G. Cooperman Sells 88,535 Shares Nimble Storage Inc. (NMBL) VP Varun Mehta Sells 2,500 Shares TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Sells 479 Shares of Janus Capital Group Inc. (JNS) Carnival Corp. (CCL) Shares Sold by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Has $9,116,000 Stake in Convergys Corp. (CVG) Halliburton Co. (HAL) Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan (POT) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. (IONS) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for CBS Corp. (CBS) JetBlue Airways Corp. (JBLU) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Cynosure (CYNO) SurModics Inc. (SRDX) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Given a GBX 5,600 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Actual Experience PLC (ACT) Receives Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) EVP Alan Mateo Sells 3,748 Shares AmTrust Financial Services Inc. (AFSI) SVP Stephen Ungar Sells 5,000 Shares Imperva Inc. (IMPV) CTO Amichai Shulman Sells 3,085 Shares of Stock Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Reduces Stake in Consol Energy Inc. (CNX) Univest Corp. of Pennsylvania (UVSP) Stake Increased by Philadelphia Trust Co. Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Sold by Osborne Partners Capital Management LLC Bokf Na Acquires 2,052 Shares of Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Bokf Na increased its position in shares of Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN) by 9.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 22,798 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,052 shares during the period. Bokf Na’s holdings in Nordstrom were worth $1,182,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in JWN. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Nordstrom by 16.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 13,840,222 shares of the company’s stock worth $526,621,000 after buying an additional 1,945,151 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Nordstrom by 5.6% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 7,853,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $298,811,000 after buying an additional 414,860 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Nordstrom by 26.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,294,122 shares of the company’s stock worth $222,779,000 after buying an additional 897,203 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Nordstrom by 4.3% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 3,861,213 shares of the company’s stock worth $146,919,000 after buying an additional 160,682 shares during the period. Finally, Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Nordstrom by 34.9% in the second quarter. Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC now owns 3,594,094 shares of the company’s stock worth $136,755,000 after buying an additional 929,597 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 66.02% of the company’s stock. Shares of Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN) traded down 0.16% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $44.31. The stock had a trading volume of 3,708,381 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $51.59 and its 200-day moving average is $50.36. Nordstrom, Inc. has a 12-month low of $35.01 and a 12-month high of $62.82. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.68 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.58 and a beta of 1.00. Nordstrom (NYSE:JWN) last released its earnings results on Thursday, November 10th. The company reported $0.84 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.52 by $0.32. The business had revenue of $3.47 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.49 billion. Nordstrom had a return on equity of 58.85% and a net margin of 2.28%. Nordstrom’s quarterly revenue was up 7.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.57 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Nordstrom, Inc. will post $2.95 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/bokf-na-acquires-2052-shares-of-nordstrom-inc-jwn.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on JWN. Credit Suisse Group reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $48.00 price target on shares of Nordstrom in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Stifel Nicolaus set a $62.00 price objective on Nordstrom and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, November 11th. Vetr downgraded Nordstrom from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.90 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded Nordstrom from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from $57.00 to $56.00 in a research note on Monday, October 31st. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $55.00 price objective on shares of Nordstrom in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, sixteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $48.67. In related news, insider Scott A. Meden sold 5,000 shares of Nordstrom stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.00, for a total transaction of $300,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Michael G. Koppel sold 87,257 shares of Nordstrom stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $58.34, for a total value of $5,090,573.38. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 164,275 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $9,583,803.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 7.03% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Nordstrom Company Profile Nordstrom, Inc is a fashion specialty retailer in the United States. The company operates through two segments: Retail and Credit. The Retail segment includes approximately 123 Nordstrom branded full-line stores in the United States and Nordstrom.com, approximately 215 off-price Nordstrom Rack stores, two Canada full-line stores, Nordstromrack.com and HauteLook, and other retail channels, including five Trunk Club showrooms and TrunkClub.com, its two Jeffrey boutiques and one clearance store that operates under the name Last Chance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JWN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN). Receive News & Ratings for Nordstrom Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nordstrom Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Shares Sold by Bokf Na Next » Arista Networks, Inc. (ANET) Position Boosted by Profund Advisors LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Davos Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Jan 19 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jan 19, 2017 | 12:36am EST PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Jan 19 Jan 19 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. - Representative Tom Price, President-elect Donald Trump's pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, promised on Wednesday to make sure people do not "fall through the cracks" if the Affordable Care Act is repealed. nyti.ms/2k2rLX7 - JPMorgan Chase has agreed to pay $55 million to settle an investigation into whether it charged thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates on mortgages than white customers. nyti.ms/2jzORYx - President-elect Trump will take office on Friday with less popular support than any new president in modern times, according to an array of surveys, a sign that he has failed to rally Americans behind him. nyti.ms/2iTRfIC - A South Korean court on Thursday blocked a prosecutor's attempt to arrest Jay Y. Lee, the leader of Samsung, saying there was not enough evidence that Lee had bribed President Park Geun-hye, in a scandal that led to her impeachment. nyti.ms/2jBlmFz - Trump, in a free-flowing speech Wednesday night at a dinner honoring his running mate, Mike Pence, jabbed at his new Republican allies and his critics alike, questioned the ethics of "super PACs" and talked about creating a "merit-based" immigration system. nyti.ms/2k2eT36 - President Obama made clear on Wednesday that he finds some ideas advanced by Trump so alarming that he laid out markers that would draw him back into the fray. nyti.ms/2iDSdu1 (Compiled by Gaurika Juneja in Bengaluru) Next In Market News UPDATE 3-Ex-VW CEO denies early knowledge of diesel emissions cheating * VW has been called to explain diesel emissions cheating (Adds more comments from CEO and committee chairman, Polish consumer watchdog) UPDATE 1-Trump's energy pick Perry regrets calling for department's elimination WASHINGTON, Jan 19 Rick Perry, President-elect Donald Trump's pick to run the Energy Department, said during his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday that he regrets having called for the department's elimination during his failed bid for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012. U.S. 30-year mortgage rates fall to lowest since Dec -Freddie NEW YORK, Jan 19 Interest rates on U.S. 30-year fixed-rate mortgages declined for a third straight week to their lowest levels since early December, mortgage finance agency Freddie Mac said on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the day Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Davos Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Jan 19 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jan 19, 2017 | 12:36am EST PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Jan 19 Jan 19 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. - Representative Tom Price, President-elect Donald Trump's pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, promised on Wednesday to make sure people do not "fall through the cracks" if the Affordable Care Act is repealed. nyti.ms/2k2rLX7 - JPMorgan Chase has agreed to pay $55 million to settle an investigation into whether it charged thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates on mortgages than white customers. nyti.ms/2jzORYx - President-elect Trump will take office on Friday with less popular support than any new president in modern times, according to an array of surveys, a sign that he has failed to rally Americans behind him. nyti.ms/2iTRfIC - A South Korean court on Thursday blocked a prosecutor's attempt to arrest Jay Y. Lee, the leader of Samsung, saying there was not enough evidence that Lee had bribed President Park Geun-hye, in a scandal that led to her impeachment. nyti.ms/2jBlmFz - Trump, in a free-flowing speech Wednesday night at a dinner honoring his running mate, Mike Pence, jabbed at his new Republican allies and his critics alike, questioned the ethics of "super PACs" and talked about creating a "merit-based" immigration system. nyti.ms/2k2eT36 - President Obama made clear on Wednesday that he finds some ideas advanced by Trump so alarming that he laid out markers that would draw him back into the fray. nyti.ms/2iDSdu1 (Compiled by Gaurika Juneja in Bengaluru) Next In Market News UPDATE 3-Ex-VW CEO denies early knowledge of diesel emissions cheating * VW has been called to explain diesel emissions cheating (Adds more comments from CEO and committee chairman, Polish consumer watchdog) UPDATE 1-Trump's energy pick Perry regrets calling for department's elimination WASHINGTON, Jan 19 Rick Perry, President-elect Donald Trump's pick to run the Energy Department, said during his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday that he regrets having called for the department's elimination during his failed bid for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012. U.S. 30-year mortgage rates fall to lowest since Dec -Freddie NEW YORK, Jan 19 Interest rates on U.S. 30-year fixed-rate mortgages declined for a third straight week to their lowest levels since early December, mortgage finance agency Freddie Mac said on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the day Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Citigroup's Earnings Surge While Revenue Falls Shares of Citigroup fell after the bank’s top line dropped on a year-over-year basis. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Jan 18, 2017 at 11:18PM Image source: iStock/Thinkstock. On Wednesday, Citigroup (NYSE:C) became the last of the big four banks to report fourth-quarter earnings. But while the New York-based bank saw its bottom line climb compared to the year-ago period, its top line fell on a year-over-year basis. Citigroup earned $3.6 billion in the final three months of last year. That equated to a 5% increase over the fourth quarter of 2015, though it came up short of its competitors' earnings. The next closest bank, Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), reported net income of $4.3 billion for the same stretch. On a per-share basis, Citigroup reported earnings of $1.14 per share. That was markedly better than last year, when it earned $1.02 per share. It also beat the consensus estimate of analysts, who had predicted that the nation's fourth biggest bank by assets would earn $1.12 per share for the period. Better trading results were the primary catalyst behind the surge in Citigroup's bottom line, fueled by heightened volatility following the unexpected outcome of the presidential election in November. Its trading revenue in the fourth quarter climbed 31% year over year, excluding an accounting adjustment. While Citigroup's trading units fared better than its competitors, all three of the large universal banks benefited from the same trend. Trading revenues at JPMorgan Chase were up 24% in the quarter, while they were up 11% at Bank of America. Outside of Citigroup's trading units, the decline in its revenue was broad based. Net interest income fell, as the bank's interest expense rose much more rapidly (up 13%) than its interest income (up 3%). Noninterest income also declined by a substantial margin, falling 16% year over year. These revenue declines make Citigroup's performance last quarter look worse than it in fact was. As the bank pointed out in its earnings release, the drop in noninterest income in particular can be traced to an absence of net gains on asset sales last quarter relative to the fourth quarter of 2015. Citigroup also saw its operating expenses drop materially. In the year-ago quarter, it spent $11.1 billion on noninterest expenses compared to only $10.1 billion this year. And the bank's credit costs declined as well, with its provision for credit losses falling 29%, from $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015 down to $1.8 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016. It was these latter results which cast an optimistic tone over the quarter, as the bank heads into what many analysts and commentators expect to be a promising year for banks. "Our core businesses are beginning to produce the returns our investors expect and deserve," said CEO Michael Corbat. "In 2016, we returned nearly $11 billion in capital to our shareholders. Even with this capital return, we ended the year with a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio of 12.5%, 40 basis points higher than when we started the year, showing the capability of this franchise to consistently generate and return significant amounts of capital." It's also worth noting that the fourth quarter of last year will be the last time Citigroup breaks out the results of its Citi Holdings subsidiary, which had been created by the bank following the financial crisis in order to house toxic and noncore assets. The unit originally held more than $800 billion worth of assets, but that figure has dropped to $54 billion, or less than 3% of the company's total balance sheet. Citigroup's mixed results were reflected in its stock price Wednesday, which dropped by 1.7% in the wake of its earnings announcement. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 11:18PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.68 up $0.05 (0.22%) Citigroup NYSE:C $57.20 down $0.19 (-0.33%) Read More How Does Citigroup’s Dividend Compare to Other Bank Stocks? Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove 10 Biggest Banks in America Biggest Bank Stocks Ranked by Capital 3 Stocks With Embarrassingly Low Dividends Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Citigroup's Earnings Surge While Revenue Falls @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $C
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search Rating agencies and SA Warts and all, rating agencies kept SA on the straight and narrow, says Daniel Silke. Crisis management fail Ford SA lost the plot right after the tragic death of a Kuga owner in 2015, says Solly Moeng. Stop the roads carnage SA needs visible law enforcement to reduce our ghastly road death toll, says Mandi Smallhorne. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2016 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Q&A with Terry Bell Mini Budget Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Money Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 BizNews Finweek ZAR/AUD 10,31 (-1.05%) ZAR/EUR 14,48 (-0.40%) ZAR/GBP 16,8 (-1.01%) ZAR/JPY 0,12 (0.50%) ZAR/USD 13,66 (-1.13%) GOLD 1199,39 (-1.21%) OIL 54,58 (0.57%) PALLADIUM 748,5 (-0.27%) PLATINUM 951 (-2.21%) SILVER 16,82 (-2.49%) FTSE/JSE All Share 52900,77 (-0.06%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 15109,94 (-0.74%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 67507,55 (0.21%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 35016,86 (-0.06%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 46102,45 (-0.02%) CAC 40 4844,64 (-0.18%) DOW IND 19777,75 (-0.14%) DOW UTIL 660,51 (-0.46%) FTSE 100 7210,51 (-0.51%) NIKKEI 225 19072,25 (0.00%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team Why Davos dislikes digital currencies Jan 19 2017 05:01 Arno Lawrenz* Bitcoins. (File, AFP) Related Articles Is Bitcoin the future? 'Heroes of the economy' missing from Davos New technology poses huge global risk - WEF report Bitcoin nears all-time high as it becomes 'safe haven' asset What to consider when buying bitcoin Rand and other currency questions for the New Year   GENERALLY, one of the things politicians have to get right if they want to stay comfortably in power is to make sure that they avoid a currency collapse. Just ask politicians in Zimbabwe and Venezuela if they sleep easy at night, or Theresa May and her Brexit team whether the path the British pound has taken over the past year gives them any comfort. Here at Davos 2017, for all Mr Xi Jinping’s laudable rhetoric about commitment to globalisation the one thing China felt uncomfortable about was the renewed and sudden weakness in the Chinese yuan towards the end of 2016. Out came the new capital controls, and the yuan has promptly strengthened over 2% since. On the other end of the spectrum, we had Donald Trump and his assistants recently talking down the US dollar, warning of the dangers of a currency which is too strong. Many now believe that we are on the brink of some sort of global currency war, as many countries which experience stresses in their growth path gravitate towards some sort of export-led recovery on the back of a weaker currency. In South Africa, we know all too well though that a weak currency doesn’t always lead to an improving growth rate.  Complicating matters entirely, global central banks trying hard to guide their currencies to some perceived optimal level are now faced with a new threat to their currency management plans: digital currencies, which exist outside the usual capital controls central banks are able to enact. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon famously said at Davos 2016: “No government will ever support a virtual currency that goes around borders and doesn't have the same controls. It's not going to happen."   Well, Bitcoin dropped over 17% against the USD after that in the space of over a month, so maybe he had some influence and insights? Hold your horses… just checked the price of Bitcoin again, one year later - it’s up 96%. Hmmm... This year, at Davos 2017, Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz, one of the few economists who truly understand the prime issue of global inequality and the power of capital flows, has put it plainly:  “I believe very strongly that countries like the United States could and should move to a digital currency, so that you would have the ability to trace [this kind of] corruption. There are important issues of privacy, cyber-security, but it would certainly have big advantages.” Critics of digital currencies have pointed out that the lack of control over such currencies means they are open to being used for nefarious purposes. But then just ask Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi why he removed 86% of his country’s currency from circulation in a November 2016 surprise announcement. The reason? To tackle corruption, curb tax evasion, and shut down the shadow economy – the very things that digital currency critics point to. Digital currencies the way of the future Certainly, when one of the key benefits of a digital currency is the ability to do faster and much cheaper bank transfers – in essence by cutting out the middleman (who usually happen to be banks themselves) – it becomes obvious why banks, among others, are threatened by digital currencies. Given the technologies available, international bank transfers are archaic. Digital currencies (and the blockchain technology behind it) are the way of the future. In Africa, we have seen the success of mobile technology in promoting commerce. It’s estimated for example that roughly 60% of Kenyan commerce takes place via M-Pesa, which is a form of mobile phone credits as a form of exchange. It works well – until you want to cash in your credits, after which fees - like with banks - are very high. Again, digital currencies can be shown to provide a safe and cheap medium of exchange for the poor. In this way, digital currencies could help to expand access to financial markets, allowing even the unbanked a means of saving and transacting, at low cost.  The biggest obstacle perhaps then is that it seems the status quo suits the very 1% who are debating the topic at Davos on behalf of the 99% who need the solutions.   * Arno Lawrenz is head of Fixed Income Portfolio Management at Ashburton Investments. Opinions expressed are his own. Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    opinion  |  wef 2017  |  bitcoin  |  currencies NEXT ON FIN24X Ford Kuga: crisis management gone wrong 2017-01-18 05:01 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice WATCH: A peek inside the R150 000/day Cape Town home Stals opens up on Bankorp bailout EXCLUSIVE: Why Time put SA on risk list of shame African billionaires eye prime Gauteng properties: Look what $9m gets you in Golden City! Majozi: Why does anyone care that Christo Wiese, Stephen Saad are ‘stinking rich’? Koko unpacks Eskom’s renewable costs, but experts disagree Private schools: Price tag does not determine good education - expert Oxfam: Tax-dodging helps these 8 rich men own half world’s wealth Why SA smartphone brand AG Mobile was liquidated ANC reveals plan to eject Zuma – but corruption to stay: foundation Company Snapshot We're talking about: SMALL BUSINESS From fossils to finance – that’s been the career trajectory of Dr Merrill van der Walt, a palaeontologist until recently. She is now a statistician with a difference.   Related links: French collaboration making a difference in Mitchells Plain Tech start-up space not for the faint hearted Get the latest with Fin24 Tech State 'not seeking surveillance' with cybersecurity bill 2017-01-19 15:42 Government says the cybercrimes and cybersecurity bill’s final draft will not give any power for the State Security Agency to control the internet or spy on local users. Netflix growth surges as it adds 7 million users Anonymous hacktivists declare war on Trump MTN issues warning over 'bill shock' More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic Obtaining a credit card when self-employed Tax claims for your medical expenses Ordered to pay for a surrendered car User can barely survive, considers giving car back What is a sustainable drawing rate in retirement? Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth How did you buy your property? Cash I put down a deposit With a full home loan I don't own property Cash 17% 147 votes 17 I put down a deposit 36% 312 votes 36 With a full home loan 27% 240 votes 27 I don't own property 20% 175 votes 20 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Mercantile Bank Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercantile Bank Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Kroger’s (KR) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG First Community Co. (fcco) Increases Dividend to $0.09 Per Share Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Shares Sold by King Luther Capital Management Corp Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Shares Sold by Philadelphia Trust Co. State of Wisconsin Investment Board Acquires 14,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL) Samlyn Capital LLC Raises Stake in Macy’s Inc. (M) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Acquires 1,126 Shares of Ingredion Inc. (INGR) Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Sanchez Energy Corp. (SN) Rating Reiterated by RBC Capital Markets GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK) Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $2.57 Per Share Sanchez Energy Corp. (SN) PT Raised to $13.00 Skechers USA Inc. (SKX) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Wedbush Comments on GameStop Corp.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (GME) Boston Beer Co. (SAM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sprint Corp.’s (S) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Macquarie Bank of America Corp. Downgrades Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Inc. (RBA) to Underperform Zacks Investment Research Lowers Prudential Financial Inc. (PRU) to Hold Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (PNW) Stock Rating Upgraded by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mitchells & Butlers plc (MAB) Earns “Hold” Rating from Beaufort Securities Mercantile Bank Corporation (MBWM) Position Boosted by Spark Investment Management LLC Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Spark Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Mercantile Bank Corporation (NASDAQ:MBWM) by 56.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 13,600 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 4,900 shares during the period. Spark Investment Management LLC owned about 0.08% of Mercantile Bank Corporation worth $365,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Mercantile Bank Corporation by 5.2% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 87,336 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,083,000 after buying an additional 4,325 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank acquired a new position in shares of Mercantile Bank Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $539,000. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Mercantile Bank Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $1,009,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new position in shares of Mercantile Bank Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $667,000. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Mercantile Bank Corporation by 2.4% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 12,255 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $292,000 after buying an additional 283 shares during the period. 47.63% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Mercantile Bank Corporation (NASDAQ:MBWM) traded down 6.62% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $33.14. The stock had a trading volume of 101,315 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $36.04 and a 200-day moving average price of $29.34. Mercantile Bank Corporation has a 52 week low of $20.87 and a 52 week high of $38.68. The stock has a market capitalization of $540.25 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.92 and a beta of 0.98. Mercantile Bank Corporation (NASDAQ:MBWM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. Mercantile Bank Corporation had a return on equity of 8.87% and a net margin of 22.00%. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Mercantile Bank Corporation will post $1.92 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Investors of record on Friday, March 10th will be given a dividend of $0.18 per share. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.17%. This is a positive change from Mercantile Bank Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 8th. Mercantile Bank Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 36.56%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/19/mercantile-bank-corporation-mbwm-position-boosted-by-spark-investment-management-llc.html. MBWM has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Mercantile Bank Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $31.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Hovde Group assumed coverage on Mercantile Bank Corporation in a research report on Monday, November 21st. They set a “market perform” rating and a $32.00 target price on the stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods lowered Mercantile Bank Corporation from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $30.00 to $35.00 in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered Mercantile Bank Corporation from an “outperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a research report on Wednesday. In related news, Chairman Michael H. Price sold 9,551 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.18, for a total transaction of $336,004.18. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 56,261 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,979,261.98. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Edward B. Grant sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.92, for a total value of $65,840.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 18,987 shares in the company, valued at $625,052.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.44% of the company’s stock. About Mercantile Bank Corporation Mercantile Bank Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company owns the Mercantile Bank of Michigan (the Bank). The Bank is a state banking company. The bank, through its approximately 50 office locations, provides commercial banking services primarily to small- to medium-sized businesses and retail banking services in and around the West and Central portions of Michigan. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MBWM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercantile Bank Corporation (NASDAQ:MBWM). Receive News & Ratings for Mercantile Bank Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercantile Bank Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Schroder Investment Management Group Has $363,000 Position in Regulus Therapeutics Inc. (RGLS) Next » Two Sigma Securities LLC Invests $367,000 in Finisar Corporation (FNSR) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Thursday, Jan 19, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Economy Firms keep limited funding in reserve ‘Cash is king’ a relevant guideline ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Jan. 19, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — When Rafael Romis started his website design firm five years ago, he kept enough cash on hand to last about two weeks.  That worked well until the company’s income taxes had to be paid. Rafael Romis, owner of Weberous Web Design, has learned to keep more money in reserve and accepts smaller projects to help cash flow for the company. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge “Even if you have a good amount in the bank, it’s not really your money till you pay your taxes,” says Mr. Romis, owner of Weberous Web Design. “At the end of the year, it disappeared, and we started the new year completely strapped.” Mr. Romis, whose firm is in Los Angeles, had to use personal savings to restore Weberous’ cash reserves. “Cash is king” is an axiom business owners try to live by. If revenue isn’t coming in, and owners can’t get loans or investors, there’s no way to run day-to-day operations, buy inventory, and equipment, or hire workers.  But many companies struggle to maintain a healthy cash flow and create a buffer for an event like a storm that keeps customers home. Companies with cash problems often have overestimated how much revenue they’d have and underestimated expenses, says George Solomon, a George Washington University management professor.  It’s especially a problem for new owners. These owners may also not be prepared for the seasonality of their business, or for the slow payment practices of their customers — particularly if the customer is a government. “They can literally have millions of dollars on their book in terms of procurement [contracts] for the federal government and literally be filing for bankruptcy,” Mr. Solomon says. Businesses like restaurants with low profit margins are particularly at risk of running through their cash buffers because any interruption to their revenue can put them in danger of closing. When JPMorgan Chase & Co. studied 597,000 of its small-business customers last year, it found their cash flow was lower than expected.  Half the businesses had cash reserves that would last just 27 days. Restaurants had the smallest buffer, 16 days, while repair and maintenance businesses had 18 and retailers had 19. Service providers like hairdressers and dry cleaners had 21. The biggest buffer, 47 days, was held by real estate companies.  The median small company had an average daily cash balance of $12,100, and personal service providers averaged just $5,300. Mr. Romis says his cash flow has improved as the company has grown, and he now aims to have a two-month cash buffer.  If business slows, he takes on smaller projects — ones that will bring in $8,500 compared to $10,000 for his company’s more typical jobs — to keep cash coming in.  He considered using credit cards, but when he took a $7,500 cash advance on a card with a $15,000 credit line, the bank immediately reduced his limit to $7,500, eliminating that alternative. Related Items small businesses , JPMorgan Chase & Co Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Live Save Print Markets Live: CSL rally keeps ASX up Jens Meyer Contact via Email Follow on Twitter 18 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares trade flat, losing most of their initial strong gains, while CSL and Bega Cheese rally and the Aussie dollar stabilises following mixed jobs numbers. The jobless rate rises to 5.8% despite 13,500 new jobs, as the participation rate edges higher The Aussie dollar shrugs off the mixed jobs numbers to rise to day's high above US75.2¢ CSL stuns investors with a big profit upgrade thanks to stronger sales, sending shares rocketing Bega Cheese shares shoot higher after the dairy company buys iconic brand Vegemite Woodside and South32 put out solid quarterly production reports, not moving shares too much Fed chief Janet Yellen is upbeat about the US economy and flags 'a few rate hike' each year until 2019 Live updates Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:53pm That's all for today - thanks for reading this blog and posting your comments. We'll be back tomorrow from 9am. Have a good evening. 4:33pm Shares have closed slightly higher, propped up by massive gains in CSL and Bega Cheese. The S&P/ASX 200 index managed to salvage a 0.2 per cent gain, ending at 5692.2, but that came courtesy of a 12.5 per cent rally in CSL, which on its own contributed 21 points to the index. The blood products heavyweight stunned investors with a profit upgrade due to stronger than expected sales, driving the healthcare index 6.5 per cent higher for the day. Meanwhile, Bega Cheese jumped 15.2 per cent as it fattened its bottom line by buying Vegemite and a host of other products from Kraft for $460 million. Shares in troubled infant milk formula group Bellamy's Australia tumbled 2.5 per cent to $3.93, finishing below the $4 mark for the first time since mid-2015, as directors ratcheted up their criticism of dissident shareholders led by Kathmandu founder Jan Cameron who are seeking board control, as the company pursues plans aimed at reviving its fortunes. But aside from sporadic company news, investors failed to get excited about much else. There was a broad selloff in the big banks, except for Commonwealth Bank of Australia, and the strong US dollar weighed on gold stocks. "There's definitely a feeling that valuations have become overstretched given the lack of fundamental shifts we've witnessed over the last couple of months," said Gary Huxtable, client adviser at Atlantic Pacific Securities. "Narratives can only carry valuations so far. And with the impending inauguration of Donald Trump a potential catalyst to greatly alter the reflation trade narrative, investors are continuing to lock in recent profits," he said. 4:17pm UBS and HSBC both warned of moving 1000 jobs out of London due to Brexit, while Goldman Sachs is also reportedly ready to cut staff. UBS chairman Axel Weber said that about 1000 of the Swiss bank's 5000 employees in London could be affected by Brexit, while HSBC chief executive Stuart Gulliver said his bank will relocate staff responsible for generating around a fifth of its UK-based trading revenue to Paris. Germany's Handelsblatt newspaper also reported Goldman Sachs was considering halving its London workforce to 3000 and moving key operations to New York and continental Europe, particularly Frankfurt, where it could move up to 1000 staff. A Goldman Sachs spokeswoman in Frankfurt said the bank does not recognise the numbers in the Handelsblatt report and that it has yet to make a decision on the matter. Leading financial firms warned for months before Britain's June referendum on European Union membership that they would move jobs out of the country if there was a vote to leave but have set out few details since on how many will go or where to. "We will move in about two years time when Brexit becomes effective," HSBC's Gulliver told Reuters at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum. And in another potentially damaging blow to London's status as Europe's main financial centre, UBS's Weber told the BBC in Davos that 1000 staff working in businesses that would be hit by Britain losing its 'passport' to sell financial services in Europe would be affected. Goldman staff moving to Frankfurt would include traders and managers responsible for regulation and compliance, financial sources told Handelsblatt. The bank is setting up a new subsidiary in Frankfurt to bring European operations together. Back-office personnel would move to Warsaw and investment bankers who advise French and Spanish companies would move to those countries, Handelsblatt reported, while trading staff who develop new products would move to New York.   Banks are stepping up their plans to relocate staff following Brexit. Photo: Simon Dawson 3:42pm An assumption of ever-lasting favourable conditions when picking stocks would raise alarm bells for fund managers, but for some reason an ever-booming property market doesn't attract quite the same concern.  Using its stock picking techniques, Auscap Asset Management has determined the downside risks involved in property are too great to invest, especially when correlated over time with household income. Australian residential property prices have experienced annual growth of 7.4 per cent and have not been exposed to a broad decline since 1991, prompting a view by many that buying houses is a relatively low-risk prospect.  "The inference is that past returns tell us something about future returns," Auscap Long Short Australian Equities Fund principals Tim Carleton and Matthew Parker said. "This extrapolation bias carries considerable risk." Usually, house prices rise in line with household income; when people earn more, they tend to bid up the prices of houses. But Auscap says while household income has levelled off (now at 3.7 per cent per annum), property prices have continued to rise, increasing the downside risk considerably. "Prices have risen to reflect the favourable macroeconomic factors," the fund managers said. "But like a stock that is pricing in the continuance of favourable conditions, this most likely means that the downside risks associated with investing in property are elevated." On top of the fact income isn't growing anywhere near the rate of property prices, the amount of debt households are taking on to service bigger and bigger loans makes the prospect of stable market growth riskier. Here's more Property prices have outstripped household income growth by a considerable margin for some time.   3:29pm Infrastructure and equities are tipped to experience strong growth in 2017 after propelling the average balanced super fund to a 7.7 per cent gain in the 12 months to December. Hostplus and Catholic Super each recorded a 10.1 per cent gain to secure bragging rights as the top ranked balanced super funds in 2016. Hostplus chief investment officer Sam Sicilia predicted low interest rates and demand for income generating assets from retirees would continue to drive strong growth in equity and infrastructure markets over the next 12 months. "The only place you are getting dividends is from the equity market," Sicilia said. "The weight of people behind the equity market means it will keep doing what it's doing. I can't see how that is going to change for the foreseeable future, until interest rates get to 5, 6 or 7 per cent." "I can't see any reason to change the course of the ship," he added. Last year's average return was considerably higher than the average gain of 5.7 per cent recorded in 2015. The result means the average balanced vehicle has posted an annualised gain of 8.2 per cent since July 1992, easily exceeding funds' internal targets. Back to top 3:11pm Everyone knows Vegemite and cheese go well together, but Bega Cheese's $460 million acquisition of Australia's most iconic brand has surprised investors and caught short-sellers on the hop, the AFR's Michael Smith writes: The 16 per cent jump in Bega's share price was surprising for a company diversifying out of its safety zone of dairy and may have to raise capital to fund a major acquisition. It is a bold move by Bega executive chairman Barry Irvin but one playing well with investors as well as the politicians applauding the return of an Australian icon to local ownership; even though the deal is unlikely to change much in terms of job creation. Vegemite is the first Australian iconic consumer brand to be brought back by a local company in decades, after a wave of acquisitions by global multinationals which gobbled up the likes of Foster's, Arnott's, Uncle Toby's and Aeroplane Jelly. The deal is good timing for Bega because it needs to diversify away from its core dairy operations, which have limited growth opportunities. Big multinationals are also looking to scale back local manufacturing operations and focus on global brands, which means they are willing sellers at the moment. Bega's stock has had a bumpy ride since October, after becoming caught up in the negative sentiment surrounding companies exposed to the China market. It is believed about 5 per cent of Bega's stock was shorted. Bega's shares lost 40 per cent of their value between October 24 and December 20, after its partnership to sell infant formula and nutritional powder with vitamin maker Blackmores failed to meet sales forecasts. Since Christmas, Bega shares have improved, but it was the Vegemite deal which gave them the biggest boost. Shares are currently up 16.3 per cent at $5.21. Here's more Bold move: Vegemite is the first Australian iconic consumer brand to be brought back by a local company in decades. Photo: Edwina Pickles 2:55pm Photo: CBA Some economist reactions to today's employment numbers: Ben Jarman, JPMorgan: While not showing any dramatic movements through time, the fact that the unemployment rate has moved up from the recent lows and is unchanged over the past six to 12 months does break the improving trend that was in play from late 2014 to late 2015. The participation rate is well down over the same period, so the change in trend looks quite fundamental. It also is a departure from the narrative embedded in the RBA's forecasts, which is that excess capacity will be worked off over time, pushing the jobless rate lower and facilitating a gradual pick-up in inflation. A stalling labour market recovery similarly lends weight to concerns that domestic demand is losing momentum, as flagged in the business surveys and in recent consumption data. Michael Workman, CBA: The trend towards more part-time jobs looks be one of the big issues that needs to change if wages and household income growth is to improve from current modest rates. The sectors adding the jobs have a higher proportion of part-time and casual work. The sectors losing jobs over the past year tend to have more full-time positions. While the shift to part-time work may suit some people, the surveys indicate that the majority of the workforce in part-time work would like to have a full-time position.  Paul Dales, Capital Economics: The bigger picture is that the labour market still looks fragile. The level of employment is only 0.8% higher than a year ago. And within that, the number of full-time jobs is 0.4% lower than a year earlier while the number of part-time jobs is 3.4% higher. What's more, due to a 28,200 increase in the labour force, the rise in the unemployment rate from 5.7% in November to 5.8% leaves it at the same level as in February 2016. So on that metric, there was hardly any progress at all last year. Annette Beacher, TD Securities: Hours worked are being driven by part-time employment, so it is difficult to construct a case for a rapid pickup in wages and overall inflation.  Our call for a higher cash rate by year end is driven by household debt and financial stability risks. Rahul Bajoria, Barclays: Forward-looking indicators of the labour market weakened somewhat in December, suggesting some headwinds in H1 17. The average jobs hours remains rangebound, rising slightly to 34.8 hours in December, from 34.7 hours in November. We think these indicators point to the resilience of Australia's job market going into 2017, and lower job advertisements, we believe Australia will continue to see modest jobs gain in H1 17, amid rising labour force participation rate. Unless there is significant AUD appreciation, we think the central bank's bias will be to keep rates unchanged for some time. We expect the RBA to stay on hold throughout 2017. Jo Masters, ANZ: Today's labour force data is a mixed bag, with reasonable jobs growth (including in full-time jobs) but another tick higher in the unemployment rate, to 5.8%. There has clearly been a slowdown of momentum in the labour market, although the unemployment rate remains around 53⁄4% and we continue to look for the unemployment rate to slowly trend lower. Daniel Blake, Morgan Stanley: Unemployment is a lagging indicator - not just of GDP growth, but we've also noted that it tends to rise after and during periods of full-time employment declines. In contrast to consensus/official forecasts of a gradual decline, we expect headline unemployment to increase further to 6.4% over 2017 on the back of a slowing housing cycle. In particular, we see record construction industry employment of 1.05m (9% of the labour force) falling alongside our forecast for a sharp slowdown in apartment development activity. Today's mixed employment release adds to the case for the RBA to downgrade its 2016/17 growth forecasts at its February 7 meeting, we continue to forecast a final cut from the RBA in 3Q17. 2:37pm Chinese steel and iron ore futures are down for a second session as demand for the commodities turned tepid ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday late next week. Iron ore dropped from a three-year high reached on Wednesday and traders say that could pull down bids for physical cargoes in the spot market as restocking appetite wanes. The most-active iron ore on the Dalian Commodity Exchange was down 1.6 per cent at 632 yuan ($US92) a tonne, after peaking at 666 yuan in the prior session. Rebar on the Shanghai Futures Exchange eased 1.2 per cent to 3249 yuan per tonne, slipping further from Monday's one-month peak of 3418 yuan. China's renewed campaign to cut excess capacity, targeting producers of substandard steel, has fuelled another rally in steel prices this year after sharp gains in 2016. That has pulled iron ore prices higher, even outpacing steel. "We didn't feel the excitement of the market when it went up sharply this week," said a Shanghai-based iron ore trader, citing few spot deals with most mills having replenished stockpiles ahead of the week-long Spring Festival break that starts on Jan. 27. Iron ore inventory at China's ports stood at 118.15 million tonnes on January 13, the most since 2004, according to data tracked by SteelHome. "I think people were a little bit too optimistic about steel demand. From what I heard in the Tangshan steel market, even though they were quoting higher prices, trading activity was not so great and somebody was talking about how difficult it still was to sell steel products," the trader said. The rapid spike in steel and iron ore futures this week suggested speculative investors took advantage of upbeat sentiment for the sector to raise bets in these commodities as they did last year. China's exchanges later hiked trading fees to tame the wild price swings. Iron ore for delivery to China's Qingdao port rose 0.6 per cent to $US82.05 a tonne last night, but down from Monday's two-year high of $83.65. 2:26pm Rio Tinto's Boyne Island aluminium smelter is slashing production worth more than $100 million and up to 30 jobs as Queensland's soaring power prices make the plant uncompetitive. The 545,000 tonne capacity smelter on Queensland's central north coast is the third smelter to fall victim to Australia's dysfunctional energy market in 12 months after Rio's Bell Bay Aluminium and Alcoa's Portland Aluminium were hit by last year's Tasmanian power crisis and western Victorian blackout. Rio said it had been forced to shed 80 megawatts of power because spot electricity prices had surged as high as $12,000-$14,000MWh during Queensland's heatwave last weekend. It estimated the exercise would cost 45,000 tonnes of production. That amounts to lost revenue of about $108 million at the current $US1805 a tonne London Metal Exchange price, a loss Rio is being forced to partly recoup through job cuts. The number of jobs to go is yet to be determined but could be as many as 30 of Boyne Smelters 1000-strong workforce.  The company fears the situation could deteriorate further this weekend as temperatures in Queensland are again expected to soar and the Australian Energy Markets Operator forecasts more record electricity demand. Rio Tinto's Boyne aluminium smelter in Queensland is slashing jobs. Photo: Robert Rough 2:01pm It has long been suspected but never proven. Now Liaoning Province, in the rust belt of northern China, has admitted to faking its economic growth data. The fabrication occurred between 2011 and 2014, the provincial Governor Chen Qiufa told a meeting of the local legislature. But as is often the case in China, the Communist Party did not say by how much the data had been over-stated, although it said fiscal revenue was inflated by as much as 20 per cent in some years. More tellingly there has been no pledge to restate the numbers for that four-year period in either provincial or national accounts. The revelation will give further voice to the China bears, even though Liaoning was considered something of a renegade province which has been hit by major corruption and vote buying scandals in recent months. But the timing could not be worse given China's full year GDP numbers will be released on Friday. These are set to be equally questionable, as in each of the first three quarters China's economy grew at exactly 6.7 per cent. Here's more by AFR China correspondent Angus Grigg A province in China has admitted it faked economic data. Photo: NG HAN GUAN Back to top 1:33pm Carsales chief executive Greg Roebuck is retiring from the online car classifieds company he co-founded two decades ago after transforming it from a loss-making start-up into an ASX 100 company. The company's chief operating officer Cameron McIntyre, a nine-year Carsales veteran, will take over as chief executive on March 17. Chairman Jeffrey Browne said Roebuck transformed the company into a business with a market capitalisation of $2.7 billion. He said Roebuck, who co-founded carsales.com in 1997, is leaving the company in a strong position. Shares have dropped 2.2 per cent to $10.98, falling as much as 4.5 per cent in early trade. Greg Roebuck is looking forward to spending more time with his family.  Photo: Scott Barbour 12:51pm When China introduced its game-changing 276-day coal policy which lit a fire under prices in 2016, Tribeca fund managers Ben Cleary and Craig Evans were on a plane 48 hours later heading to Beijing, Shanxi, Hebei and Shandong to figure out the implications for the moribund coal market. Coal had been in oversupply for five years but within days they formulated an investment strategy that would help fuel a 145 per cent return for their $200 million Tribeca Global Natural Resources Fund, after fees, for 2016. It took eight weeks for most banks to update their coal supply forecasts. The fund managers say being nimble is a big advantage in resources where it doesn't pay "to buy and hold". But this Tribeca fund is not a participant in Mercer's benchmark fund manager's survey. "We feel like there's lots of great resources investors but most of them have got the wrong strategy, most are constrained whether they're long-only, Aussie-only or equities-only. It really doesn't make any sense," says Cleary, "it's so volatile. You go on these site visits, for example to the Pilbara, and the majority of investors can't invest in the shipping company because it's listed in Japan, the engineering company because it's Korean, they can't short because they are long-only or they don't invest in the credit." Their best contributors last year were long positions in Canadian zinc and copper producers – Trevali Mining, Nevsun Resources, Lundin Mining and Teck Resources – which helped deliver more than 10 per cent of alpha, and longs in oilfield services stocks such as ASX-listed WorleyParsons, Canada's Gibson Energy, and Texas-based Halliburton and Baker Hughes which together contributed more than 15 per cent. In 2017, they are staying long oil services and are bullish on their salmon interests, as well as base metals, where many commodities face supply deficits. Read more at the AFR Photo: Mercer 12:19pm Investors should brace for a final blow-off surge in stock markets akin to the last phase of the dotcom boom or the "Gatsby" years of the Roaring Twenties, followed by a cathartic crash and day of moral judgment, according to a Nobel prize-winning economist. Professor Robert Shiller said the psychological "narrative" behind Donald Trump is powerful and likely to carry Wall Street to giddy heights before the ageing business cycle finally rolls over. "I think there will be a Trump boom for a while. Stocks look high, but they are not yet super-high. In 2000 the (Cape Shiller) price-earnings ratio was over 45 and we may see a repeat of that," he said. The Cape Shiller P/E index measures the average earnings of S&P 500 equities over 10 years in real terms, and is closely watched by investors as a gauge of underlying value. It is trading at roughly 25. This is the highest level in over 130 years, excluding the two anomalies of the late 1990s and 1920s. Shiller believes the prospect of a Trump White House is a "horrible nightmare", calling the incoming president a dangerous adventurer bent on a nuclear arms race that will draw the world into a spiral of conflict. But nobody, he said, should underestimate the Trump effect on the "animal spirits" of Americans. "Trump is a phenomenal motivational speaker. He may not be my taste, but he is telling people that it is alright to flaunt your wealth, that it is OK to do whatever you want," he said. Here's more Play Video Replay Video Globalisation not to blame: China Chinese President Xi Jinping offers a vigorous defense of globalisation and free trade in a speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos. 11:49am A few reactions to the jobs numbers on Twitter: Cheeky increase in the unemployment rate to 5.8pc #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/6lV7lRYjSO— Pete Wargent (@PeteWargent) January 19, 2017 If the ABS jobs data is accurate, Victoria seemingly becoming the breadwinner for the Oz economy— Lindsay David (@linzcom) January 19, 2017 Unemployment rate stayed at 5.7 per cent on a trend basis; participation rate remains near decade low #auspol #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/fpAxSSnEmm— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) January 19, 2017 Australian employment rose by 85.6k during 2016, which was the worst calendar year result since 2013 #ausbiz #auspol— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) January 19, 2017 Has been a nice improvement in full-time work in the past two months, but still a ways to go pic.twitter.com/GkGflgTt53— Greg Jericho (@GrogsGamut) January 19, 2017 11:35am The economy added 13,500 new jobs in December, but the unemployment rate still ticked up to 5.8 per cent, mainly due to a rise in the participation rate. The amount of new jobs came in a little ahead of economist predictions who had also tipped the jobless rate would remain at 5.7 per cent, but was well below November's 39,100 new positions, which many consider a one-off. Of the new jobs, 9300 were full-time and 4200 part-time, while the participation rate edged up to 64.7 per cent, from 64.6 per cent in the previous month. The dollar has barely moved, trading at US75.06¢. Back to top 11:25am Get ready for the December employment numbers, due in a bit over five minutes. Economists are expecting an additional 10,000 new jobs created, following November's 37,100 stunner, with the unemployment rate holding steady at 5.7 per cent. \ The numbers are notoriously volatile, and some may even say unreliable, but the main focus is likely to be on the number of full-time jobs created. November's bumper figure was exclusively due to full-time jobs, but economists reckon that may have been an aberration, as the trend over 2016 was a) a slowdown in jobs growth and b) most new jobs were part-time. The Aussie dollar is sitting pat at US75.10¢.   11:19am And another output update: Woodside has flagged production will fall by as much as 11 per cent in 2017, in line with analysts' forecasts, even with the start-up of the Wheatstone gas field in Western Australia. Australia's largest independent oil and gas producer is counting on the $US34 billion Wheatstone liquefied natural gas (LNG) project, in which it bought a 13 per cent stake two years ago, to help offset declines at its older assets when it starts producing. "We look forward to adding production from Wheatstone in the middle of this year. Wheatstone is a key component of our near-term growth strategy," Woodside chief executive Peter Coleman said. Wheatstone is operated by Chevron which has run into difficulties with the ramp-up of its bigger Gorgon LNG project off Western Australia. When complete, Wheatstone will contribute more than 13 mmboe to Woodside's annual output. The company expects annual production in 2017 to fall to 84-90 million barrels of oil equivalent (mmboe) from 94.9 mmboe last year, in line with two analysts' forecasts for a drop in output to around 87 mmboe. Woodside reported fourth-quarter revenue rose 2 per cent to $US1 billion from the previous quarter, topping analysts forecasts, thanks to higher oil prices. Its oil-linked LNG contract prices will benefit from the oil market gains in the first quarter of 2017, it said. Woodside's production guidance for 2017 is in line with UBS's estimate of output of 87.6 million boe, while RBC Capital Markets was assuming 85 million boe. Shares are flat at $32.36. Woodside guidance is in line with analyst expectations. Photo: Michele Mossop 11:01am Diversified miner South32 has posted lower first-half production in several of its commodities but says it remains on track to achieve full-year guidance for the majority of its operations. The company said manganese ore production rose 6 per cent to 1.25 million tonnes, zinc output jumped 38 per cent to 24,400 tonnes, and alumina production lifted 2 per cent to 1.32 million tonnes. However, production for thermal and coking coal, silver and lead fell during what it described "a generally challenging quarter". South32 shares are up 0.9 per cent at $2.85, on a generally good day for miners. 10:48am on 19 Jan 2017 The stoush continues: Bellamy's Australia says a proposal by the Black Prince Private Foundation to knock off four independent directors risks handing control of the troubled baby food and infant formula maker to inexperienced directors with no strategy. Bellamy's this morning responded officially to the requisition of an extraordinary general meeting and proposal to remove directors by 14.48 per cent shareholder Black Prince, which first came to light on January 4. The board, led by chairman Rob Woolley, unanimously recommended that shareholders vote against all resolutions proposed by Black Prince at the EGM to be held in Melbourne on February 28. The shareholder, which it has been revealed holds shares that distribute profits to the Elsie Cameron Foundation, a charity set up by Kathmandu founder and retail entrepreneur Jan Cameron, proposes to remove directors Patria Mann, Launa Inman, Michael Wadley and Charles Sitch. Cameron, alongside Chan Wai-Chan, Vaughan Webber and Rodd Peters, who is an authorised representative of Black Prince, are the proposed replacement directors. "These proposed directors do not have the equivalent listed company directorship experience of the existing directors and ... three of them (being Jan Cameron, Rodd Peters and Chan Wai-Chan), do not appear to have any listed company directorship experience," Bellamy's said in its statement. Bellamy's also revealed it had knocked back a proposal from Cameron, through lawyer Peters, for a $5 million convertible note to be issued by the company to her. It was proposed to have a 10 per cent per annum interest rate and be convertible at any time, but was dependent on the four under-fire directors resigning immediately. Finally the company reiterated it had concerns about regarding Cameron's relationship with Black Prince and said it has written to her requesting she urgently outline her total Bellamy's holdings. Cameron has previously said she owns about 2 per cent of the $390 million company. Bellamy's shares are down 1.2 per cent at $3.98 as investors remain unimpressed by the power struggle. Jan Cameron has been unmasked as indirectly controlling its largest shareholder the Black Prince Private Foundation Photo: Edwina Pickles 10:29am on 19 Jan 2017 Shares post healthy gains at the start, led by two rocketing stocks: CSL and Bega Cheese. The former is up courtesy of a surprisingly big profit upgrade following strong sales, while investors are giving the thumbs up to Bega's purchase of a number of Kraft products in Australia, including Vegemite. The ASX has added 0.4 per cent to 5699.7, bursting above 5700 in the first few minutes of trade. "A data driven day is on the cards for Asia Pacific investors as markets react to better than expected US numbers ahead of investment flow data from Japan and an employment report in Australia," says CMC chief market strategist Michael McCarthy. "Currency reversals and a mixed night for commodities, along with muted sharemarket moves in Europe and the US, could mean most local indices remain close to their previous closing level." The US dollar surge saw gold, copper and oil move off recent highs. However iron ore added to recent gains, an indication of underlying strength. BHP and Rio are both trading higher, up 1 per cent and 1.4 per cent respectively.   Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 170 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Nope, You Don't Need To Set A Budget To ... Contains: External link Healthy Money Habits To Adopt In 2017 ... Contains: External link Most Popular Is Bega biting off more than it can chew with Vegemite deal? 'Considerable risk' in housing market Dick Smith cheers Vegemite sale, but won't stop making OzEmite Business calls for spending to roll on after Mike Baird's exit More than half of young Australians do unpaid work Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'Considerable risk' in housing market Trump 'could send US into next Great Crash' Vegemite back in Australian hands after $460m deal 'We can work with anybody': Damon eyes Trump talk Do young Australians really need health insurance? Canberra Times Robo-debt: Centrelink workers threatened with prosecution as bosses try to stem the leaks Kyrgios' emotions get the better of him again Centrelink systematically ripping off clients: whistleblower US agencies probe suspected Kremlin-Trump election funding 'I'm in denial': home, livestock gone as Tarago fire continues to burn The Sydney Morning Herald With Sydney finally dead, Baird's work is done Kyrgios' emotions get the better of him again Trump inauguration looks to be celebration of controversy US agencies probe suspected Kremlin-Trump election funding NRL star seriously injured in seven-car smash The Age Meet the Flinders Street Station rough sleepers 'Absolute mayhem' at tennis as police shut roads after indecent assault Severe weather warning issued for Melbourne, half of Victoria CBD rough sleepers 'pretending to be homeless', says top cop Kyrgios out in bizarre five-set loss Brisbane Times Vegemite back in Australian hands after $460m deal Uncertain night for Coolum Beach residents as bushfire rages Newly released CIA documents shed light on Qld history NRL star seriously injured in seven-car smash One Nation pestered Australian embassy officials for Trump inauguration tickets WA Today Police hunting man 'acting suspiciously at fast food outlets' near young children Two lifelong Perth mates become millionaires after 25 years of playing Lotto Police horses trample Roe 8 protesters North Perth child centre paedophile changes plea to guilty in sex attack Cold case rapist jailed for 12 years over 1994 Scarborough sex attack Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ameren Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ameren Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Revolution Bars Group PLC (RBG) PT Raised to GBX 245 Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Upgrades JULIUS BAER GRUPPE UNSP ADR EA REP 0.2 (JBAXY) to “Buy” Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. (ZAYO) Now Covered by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Q4 2016 Earnings Estimate for Canadian National Railway Company Issued By Desjardins (CNR) Jefferies Group Comments on Eni SpA’s Q4 2016 Earnings (E) Brokerages Set American Airlines Group Inc. (AAL) Price Target at $45.79 Groupon Inc. (GRPN) Receives $4.89 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Aetna Inc. (AET) Receives $132.86 Average Target Price from Brokerages QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Gluskin Sheff + Associates Inc (GS) PT Raised to C$18.00 Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Mirna Therapeutics, Inc. (MIRN) to Hold Vermilion Energy Inc. (VET) to Issue Monthly Dividend of C$0.22 on February 15th CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sotheby’s (BID) to “Hold” Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Aggreko PLC (ARGKF) to Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. (ARCO) to Hold Angie’s List Inc. (ANGI) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Monsanto Company (MON) Receives $112.73 Consensus PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Sky Plc (SKY) PT at $1,136.88 Maureen A. Borkowski Sells 3,850 Shares of Ameren Corporation (AEE) Stock January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Ameren Corporation (NYSE:AEE) insider Maureen A. Borkowski sold 3,850 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.08, for a total transaction of $200,508.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 30,972 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,613,021.76. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Ameren Corporation (NYSE:AEE) traded down 0.36% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $52.36. 880,617 shares of the company traded hands. Ameren Corporation has a 12 month low of $41.76 and a 12 month high of $54.08. The company’s 50-day moving average is $51.46 and its 200 day moving average is $50.43. The company has a market cap of $12.70 billion, a PE ratio of 19.58 and a beta of 0.32. Ameren Corporation (NYSE:AEE) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, November 4th. The company reported $1.52 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.14. The company earned $1.86 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.91 billion. Ameren Corporation had a net margin of 10.78% and a return on equity of 9.14%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.41 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Ameren Corporation will post $2.69 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Maureen A. Borkowski Sells 3,850 Shares of Ameren Corporation (AEE) Stock” was published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/maureen-a-borkowski-sells-3850-shares-of-ameren-corporation-aee-stock.html. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Ameren Corporation by 40.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 557,355 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,411,000 after buying an additional 161,866 shares in the last quarter. Maple Brown Abbott Ltd boosted its position in Ameren Corporation by 7.1% in the second quarter. Maple Brown Abbott Ltd now owns 188,465 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,098,000 after buying an additional 12,500 shares in the last quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan boosted its position in Ameren Corporation by 0.5% in the third quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 84,682 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,165,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in Ameren Corporation by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 533,158 shares of the company’s stock valued at $26,221,000 after buying an additional 4,600 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd boosted its position in Ameren Corporation by 1.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 299,763 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,742,000 after buying an additional 3,339 shares in the last quarter. 66.73% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. AEE has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Ameren Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Argus reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Ameren Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, October 18th. About Ameren Corporation Ameren Corporation (Ameren) is a public utility holding company. Ameren’s primary assets are its equity interests in its subsidiaries, including Union Electric Company (doing business as Ameren Missouri) and Ameren Illinois Company (Ameren Illinois). Ameren operates through two segments: Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois. Receive News & Ratings for Ameren Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ameren Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out18:51 GMT +319 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search JPMorgan Chase Reaches $55Mln Settlement Over Charges of Racial Discrimination © Flickr/ Steve Rhodes US 05:51 19.01.2017Get short URL 18101 JPMorgan Chase announced in a statement on Wednesday it has agreed to pay $55 million to settle federal charges the bank discriminated against black and Hispanic mortgage borrowers. © REUTERS/ Dylan Martinez/File Photo Trump Advisors Consider JPMorgan CEO for Next US Treasury SecretaryNEW YORK (Sputnik) — The bank has agreed to settle legacy allegations "that relate to pricing set by independent brokers." "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit," the statement said. The federal lawsuit, filed by US attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, alleges that the nation's largest bank charged higher mortgage rates to thousands of black and Hispanic home buyers between 2006 and 2009. "In thousands of instances, an African-American borrower with the same credit and risk profile as a white borrower, entering into the same type of Chase… mortgage, paid higher loan rates and larger fees," the lawsuit claimed. The US government sought damages for borrowers and implementing measures so as to preventing future misconduct. JPMorgan Chase attorneys reportedly denied the allegations in court. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 01 Related: Alleged Hackers Behind 2014 JPMorgan Chase Cyberattack Extradited to US JPMorgan Chase Says No Fraud Resulted From Massive Cyber Hack JPMorgan Security Analyst Indicted for $600,000 Fraud Tags: racial discrimination, settlement, JPMorgan Chase, Preet Bharara, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply marcanhalt 06:01 19.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Only $55 million? Why that is not even the interest on what they did to thousands of blacks,, alone, that wanted to move to the suburbs. Many a couple moved into a 2100 sq ft home with a $2000 a month mortgage payment. They both worked. put up sheets to cover the windows and lived off their floors. The damage they did because of the pressure they put on those families was incalculable. Will they see any of that money for losing their homes, their marriages, their dreams? Where does the money go? Straight into the US Treasury.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 18:48Dollar in the Crosshairs Amid Contradictory Remarks From Trump, Yellen 18:46AfD Calls for End to Nazi Guilt, But Far-Right Not Electorally Relevant - Yet 18:37Trump’s Transition Team to Return 20% of Unused Funding to US Treasury - Pence 18:32Joint Russian-Turkish Anti-Daesh Airstrikes Prove Rapprochement on Syria 18:32Poles Concerned that Trump Sees Their Country as 'Here Be Dragons' TerritoryAll news Robot That Can Write a Symphony: AI Device Composes Tailor-Made Music 16267 India Arrests American Wanted for Dabbling in Child Pornography 10499 Russia Carries Out Successful Test of Topol-M Ballistic Missile 10189 Putin Sees 'Maidan-Style' Attempts in US to Delegitimize Trump 8916 US-India Deal For Nuclear Plant on Track to Be Finalized This Year 7565All news Putin Sees 'Maidan-Style' Attempts in US to Delegitimize Trump 60 Kerry Slams Trump Over Attempts to 'Step Into' Policies of Other Countries 57 Russia Carries Out Successful Test of Topol-M Ballistic Missile 36 Ads Offer Protesters $2500 to Disrupt Trump Inauguration 35 Gay Dance Party Outside VP-Elect Mike Pence's DC House 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Cold Hands, Warm Hearts: Russians Brave the Cold to Celebrate Orthodox Epiphany Ideology of Treason Plane Crash in Bishkek News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Read This, Spike That Trump’s Power to Alter Economy Has Its Limits Presidents can launch a war overnight. As for controlling the economy, they can envy the Fed. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By John Kimelman Biography Jan. 18, 2017 6:08 p.m. ET Getty Images If you’ve read the financial press in recent weeks, you’d be forgiven for thinking that Donald Trump has the economy and markets in the palm of his hand. Indeed, the Republican’s surprise victory on Nov. 8 clearly had a big role in boosting the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 8% through Wednesday’s close. Market pundits attribute the “Trump rally” at least in part to investor comfort with the president-elect’s policy prescriptions that favor lower corporate and individual taxes, less government regulation, and a big dose of federal spending on the nation’s aging infrastructure. A recent piece on the Forbes Website, contends that the aforementioned “Trump rally” will continue past Inauguration Day. “Contrary to the narrative of skepticism coming from the media, the markets, the data and the players are all sending very positive signals on the policy outlook,” writes contributor Bryan Rich. More From Barron’s What Tech Earnings Will Tell Us About the Broad Market Yahoo! Investors Could See Stock Rise Over 20% BlackRock Boosts Ciena Stake by 1 Million Shares Indeed, JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, in an interview with CNBC on Wednesday, suggested the same, contending that Trump reforms could get the economy growing close to 4% annually. But Trump’s apparent powers aren’t confined to the stock market. After Trump suggested in an interview published Monday that he favored a weaker dollar to help U.S. manufacturers sell their goods abroad, the greenback fell 1.3% Tuesday against a basket of major currencies – the currency’s lowest level since Dec. 7. Investors apparently were rattled that the president-elect would even have the temerity to talk down the dollar. “Trump’s remarks also took a shot at one of the most crowded trades on the planet — long wagers on the dollar,” said a piece on the CNBC Website. “That trade has been a bet that Trump’s policies will reflate the economy, causing interest rates and the greenback to rise.” All these articles, taken in the aggregate, certainly imply that President-elect Trump should hold dominion over both the economy and markets. But a piece by Neil Irwin, a senior economics columnist with the New York Times NYT -1.1070110701107012% New York Times Co. Cl A U.S.: NYSE USD13.4 -0.15 -1.1070110701107012% /Date(1484844548018-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 16820 P/E Ratio 51.684532924961715 Market Cap 2182810193.57727 Dividend Yield 1.1851851851851851% Rev. per Employee 438308 More quote details and news » NYT in Your Value Your Change Short position , makes a strong case for why presidents have less power over the economy than you might think. “Presidential economic records are highly dependent on the dumb luck of where the nation is in the economic cycle,” writes Irwin. “And the White House has no control over the demographic and technological forces that influence the economy.” He adds that “even in areas where the president really does have power to shape the economy — appointing Federal Reserve governors, steering fiscal and regulatory policy, responding to crises and external shocks — the relationship between presidential action and economic outcome is often uncertain and hard to prove.” Irwin does a good job backing up his argument. For example, we all know that Janet Yellen, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, and the board of governors that serve under her have a more direct role than the president in influencing the level of economic growth and inflation through the mechanisms of setting short-term interest rates. To be sure, the president appoints the Fed’s seven-member board of governors, including the chair and that very same president “can select appointees who align in terms of philosophy and instincts, and may select Fed governors who are more competent — or less.” But the Fed system is designed to maintain independence from the administration once the appointments are made. As a result, terms are staggered “such that a president won’t necessarily get to appoint a majority of Fed leaders, especially right off the bat (Fed governors’ terms are 14 years, though lately few have served that long; the Fed chair has a four-year term).” While a president is a key player in fiscal policies that have an impact on the economy and markets, they must rely on the consent of Congress to turn ideas into law. “It’s certainly true that tax and spending policy carries a president’s imprint,” adds Irwin. “President Obama’s election victories enabled him to enact a major fiscal stimulus in 2009 and increase taxes on the wealthy starting in 2013. President Reagan’s election brought a sharp cut in tax rates. Different election results would have made for different fiscal policy.” But as Irwin puts it, “Congress has, if anything, greater power than the president over how the government taxes and spends. It’s almost a punch line that when a president issues a proposed budget each winter, congressional opponents call it dead on arrival.” But this doesn’t mean that Trump, through the power of his personality, couldn’t assert greater control over actions that impact the economy than other presidents have. We may have seen evidence of that earlier this week when Trump spoke out against a legislative proposal favored by House GOP leaders that would have created “border adjustments” that effectively tax imports while providing a tax break for U.S. exporters. Though Trump is a fan of the idea of taxing certain imports through tariffs, he panned the House plan for being “too complicated.” Some pundits argue that Trump’s dismissal amounts to a veto of sorts for the border adjustment idea. Perhaps the House leadership will return the favor by rebuking some of Trump’s more controversial ideas, including tariffs against the likes of China and Mexico. If so, Trump may begin to envy the Federal Reserve’s simple power to raise and lower rates without pushback from another branch of government. Email: editors@barrons.com Follow @johnkimelman Like Barron’s on Facebook Follow Barron’s on Twitter Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Read This, Spike That 1. Good Times for Amazon, Trouble for Macy’s 2. Will Trump Rally’s Legs Begin to Buckle? 3. The Market Warnings Out of Harvard 4. 2016 Financial Highlights; Jamie Dimon on Trump Era 5. Insiders Sell the Rally; Ray Dalio on Trump Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Yahoo! Investors Could See Stock Rise Over 20% Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 10 Things We’ve Learned About Donald Trump Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Wells Fargo Stock Is Weaker Than Understood Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. One Crucial Sign Nike May be Losing Confidence Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. T-Mobile, Sprint Have AT&T’s, Sprint’s Numbers Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Revlon, Peabody Energy 2 Saudi Oil Minister Sees Rising Costs for U.S. Shale 3 Scaramucci: Trump Administration Wants an Independent Fed Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Shipping Stocks Surged -- and DryShips Dropped -- Today An analyst upgrade had a big impact on shipping stocks today, but should it have? Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:53PM Image source: Getty Images. What happened  Shares of dry bulk shipping stocks had an eventful day on Wednesday, as Scorpio Bulkers Inc (NYSE:SALT) and Star Bulk Carriers Corp (NASDAQ:SBLK) surged double digits on the back of a stock upgrade. But DryShips Inc. (NASDAQ:DRYS) went the opposite direction, falling as much as 12.3% in trading. At 3:30 p.m. EST Scorpio's shares were up 12.5%, Star Bulk Carriers were up 17.6%, and DryShips was down 11.1% on the day.  So what What started the move today was Evercore ISI upgrading its stock rating on Scorpio Bulkers from a hold to a buy, and putting a $7.50 price target on the stock. This follows JP Morgan's upgrade of the stock from neutral to overweight on January 26. Part of the optimism for dry bulk shippers has been a steady rise in the Baltic Dry Index over the past year. According to Bloomberg, the index is up 150% in the past year, which should mean rising dayrates and therefore revenue and earnings for shipping companies.  Interestingly, Dryships continues to fall as investors lose faith that the company will be able to survive. The company has recently tried to move into the gas shipping market and has been refinancing debt, but it's losing money at a rapid rate and doesn't seem to have a path to become cash flow positive anytime soon.  DRYS Net Income (TTM) data by YCharts Now what Shipping stocks are up today on pure speculation, but that's been their driver for the last couple of months. There's a lot of hope that economic stimulus will lead to more economic spending and more trade, which will eventually make its way into shipping companies' coffers. That's a risky bet, and with analysts expecting losses through the end of next year for all three companies it's not an industry I would jump into today.  Travis Hoium has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Travis Hoium has been writing for fool.com since July 2010 and covers the solar industry, renewable energy, and gaming stocks among other things. Follow @TravisHoium Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:53PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks DryShips NASDAQ:DRYS $1.19 down $0.40 (-25.16%) Star Bulk Carriers NASDAQ:SBLK $8.22 down $0.27 (-3.18%) Scorpio Bulkers NYSE:SALT $6.85 up $0.15 (2.24%) Read More How Will Philip Morris Respond to the BAT-Reynolds Merger? 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks You Can Buy Right Now These Companies Are Promising New U.S. Jobs. Thank Trump? Altria Buys Nat Sherman: What It Means for Investors Did Roche Just Hand Illumina Pacific Biosciences’ Head on a Platter? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Shipping Stocks Surged -- and DryShips Dropped -- Today @themotleyfool #stocks $DRYS, $SBLK, $SALT
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories Video Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular  • Front Page News •  All Latest One News Page > Front Page > Labor Department sues JPMorgan over sexual discrimination Labor Department sues JPMorgan over sexual discrimination Wednesday, 18 January 2017 (18 hours ago) NEW YORK (AP) — The Department of Labor is suing JPMorgan Chase & Co. for discriminating against female workers. The federal agency said Wednesday that its review found that at least 93 female workers in an investment-bank division earned less than comparable men in the same jobs since at least May 2012. The Labor Department […] » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit News - 1 week ago< > Embed U.S. initial jobless claims rise less than expected to 247,000 EN 00:44 © Reuters. WASHINGTON, June 2 (Reuters) - - The number of Americans applying for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, pointing to a tightening labor market. Initial claims for state unemployment benefits slipped 1,000 to a seasonally adjusted 267,000 for the week ended May 28, the... You Might Like Recent related news Labor Department sues JPMorgan over sexual discriminationNEW YORK (AP) — The Department of Labor is suing JPMorgan Chase & Co. for discriminating against female workers. The federal agency said Wednesday that its... SeattlePI.com 17 hours ago - BusinessAlso reported by •CNNMoney •TUAW •SFGate Oracle practices gender and minority discrimination, U.S. Labor Department chargesThe U.S. Department of Labor is suing Oracle, alleging the company pays white men more than women and minorities working in the same jobs. In addition to the... bizjournals 21 hours ago - Business Technica Awarded $7.7 Million Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Contract to Support the U.S. Department of LaborDULLES, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technica Corporation, a leader in high-end-systems engineering and operations and maintenance for mission-critical networks,... Business Wire 2 days ago - Press Releases Other recent news in Front Page MIKE BAIRD was 'the outstanding political leader in Australia', says Nick Greiner AUSTRALIAN OPEN 2017: Denis Istomin upsets Novak Djokovic in near five-hour epic Democracy 'needs PEOPLE like Mike Baird' NICK KYRGIOS divides opinions after Australian Open loss to Andreas Seppi AUSTRALIA Day campaign raises A$100,000 to replace billboard MELBOURNE Metro to boost Australian economy: Infrastructure Australia Mondelez sale sees VEGEMITE go home to Australia Billboards banned but ACT government could put Muslim AUSTRALIA DAY ad on banners 75 people killed after collapse of landmark high rise building in TEHRAN Gambia's President Jammeh refuses to leave OFFICE as deadline passes Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Mike Pence Roddy Piper Sonny Perdue Current Topics High Rise Avalanche Buries Rick Perry Italy Avalanche Feared Dead Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Theresa May's EU Speech: What Next For Brexit? The President-Elect Makes Twitter Gaffe - And Gets a Lesson From a Brighton Citizen MOVIE REVIEW: Sing Will Samsung Bounce Back This April? MOVIE REVIEW: Monster Trucks Robot Rights? EU To Discuss Artificial Intelligence Laws Nintendo Switch Line-Up Confirmed: Big Franchises Return For New Console In 2017 Snooper's Charter Under Fire - Investigatory Bill Faces Legal Challenge Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Forrester Research Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Forrester Research Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Target Corp. (TGT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades O’Reilly Automotive Inc. (ORLY) to Sell SuperValu’s (SVU) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Pivotal Research Macquarie Downgrades Everest Re Group Ltd. (RE) to Underperform Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc. (AGIO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Cann Angie’s List Inc. (ANGI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Bloomin’ Brands Inc. (BLMN) Rating Lowered to Underweight at Morgan Stanley Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research PTC’s (PTC) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Wedbush Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC) Shares Bought by Bartlett & Co. LLC Samlyn Capital LLC Invests $35,413,000 in Universal Health Services Inc. (UHS) AutoZone Inc. (AZO) Shares Bought by Jacobs Levy Equity Management Inc. American International Group Inc. (AIG) Position Held by Consulta Ltd Jess M. Ravich Sells 5,000 Shares of ALJ Regional Holdings Inc. (ALJJ) Stock Gary Lorne Billingsley Sells 1,000,000 Shares of Canadian Platinum Corp (CPC) Stock Mark Thomas Brown Sells 10,000 Shares of Amara Mining Plc (AMZ) Stock Rene David Acquires 200,000 Shares of Abattis Bioceuticals Corp (ATT) Stock Signature Bank (SBNY) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Brunswick Corp. (BC) Price Target Raised to $64.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Twenty-First Century Fox Inc. (FOXA) to Buy Insider Selling: Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) CFO Sells 7,359 Shares of Stock January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Forrester Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:FORR) CFO Michael A. Doyle sold 7,359 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.31, for a total value of $304,000.29. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 22,102 shares in the company, valued at approximately $913,033.62. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Shares of Forrester Research, Inc. (NASDAQ:FORR) traded up 0.48% on Wednesday, reaching $41.55. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 65,014 shares. The company has a market cap of $756.96 million, a P/E ratio of 54.67 and a beta of 0.52. Forrester Research, Inc. has a 12-month low of $27.59 and a 12-month high of $44.40. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $42.24 and its 200 day moving average price is $39.92. Forrester Research (NASDAQ:FORR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The company reported $0.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.03. Forrester Research had a return on equity of 11.35% and a net margin of 4.20%. The firm earned $77.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $79.99 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.30 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 3.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Forrester Research, Inc. will post $1.22 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, December 21st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, December 7th were paid a dividend of $0.18 per share. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.73%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, December 5th. Forrester Research’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 96.00%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Insider Selling: Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) CFO Sells 7,359 Shares of Stock” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/insider-selling-forrester-research-inc-forr-cfo-sells-7359-shares-of-stock.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of FORR. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its stake in shares of Forrester Research by 114.4% in the second quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 3,088 shares of the company’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 1,648 shares during the period. Victory Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in Forrester Research during the third quarter worth $121,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in Forrester Research by 20.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,479 shares of the company’s stock worth $135,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new stake in Forrester Research during the second quarter worth $148,000. Finally, SG Americas Securities LLC bought a new stake in Forrester Research during the third quarter worth $161,000. 53.55% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Several equities research analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Forrester Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 4th. Sidoti upgraded Forrester Research from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, October 31st. About Forrester Research Forrester Research, Inc (Forrester) is a global independent research, data, and advisory services firm. The Company offers research, data, advisory and related services that are thematic, prescriptive, and executable, and that provide a perspective on the changing business environment. Its segments include Research, Product and Project Consulting. Receive News & Ratings for Forrester Research Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Forrester Research Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Inside Scoop BlackRock Boosts Ciena Stake by 1 Million Shares BlackRock raised its stake in the telecom-equipment firm to 10.8% and remains its largest holder. By Ed Lin Biography Jan. 18, 2017 5:59 a.m. ET The world’s largest money manager is getting more fiber in its system. Fiber optics, that is. BlackRock (ticker: BLK) last week reported its beneficially owned stake in Ciena (CIEN) rose by more than a million shares to 15,164,642 shares, or 10.8%, up from holdings of 14,119,594 shares, or 10.1%, disclosed in an Oct. 7 regulatory filing. ... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Yahoo! Investors Could See Stock Rise Over 20% Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 10 Things We’ve Learned About Donald Trump Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Wells Fargo Stock Is Weaker Than Understood Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. One Crucial Sign Nike May be Losing Confidence Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. T-Mobile, Sprint Have AT&T’s, Sprint’s Numbers Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Revlon, Peabody Energy 2 Saudi Oil Minister Sees Rising Costs for U.S. Shale 3 Scaramucci: Trump Administration Wants an Independent Fed Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Davos Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  'This is just outrageous': Tensions flare even before Treasury pick Mnuchin's opening remarks × × × Economy Economy World Economy US Economy The Fed Central Banks Jobs GDP outlook Oil and Trump: Russians full of optimism in Davos 14 Hours AgoReuters SHARES Sergei Karpukhin | Reuters A worker stands next to a pump jack at an oil field Sergeyevskoye owned by Bashneft company north from Ufa, Bashkortostan, Russia. What a difference a year makes. Twelve months ago, the mood of the Russian delegation at the World Economic Forum in Davos was distinctly gloomy, with oil prices near 12-year lows below $30 per barrel and Western sanctions depressing their economy and financial markets. Since then, however, Russian stock and bond markets have risen about 50 percent, boosted by rebounding oil and - more recently - expectations the new U.S. presidency of Donald Trump will ease the sanctions imposed over Moscow's actions in Ukraine. Russian officials and company executives at the forum attended by the world's political and business elites in the Swiss Alps this week were far more bullish, with many predicting the markets rally would continue this year. "This is one of the most positive forums in the last few years. Today our Western counterparties - bankers and investors - can talk freely again about investments in Russia," Andrei Guryev, chief executive of fertilizer giant PhosAgro, told Reuters on the sidelines of the forum. Russia's economy is still in the early stages of a recovery. There are however promising signs after more than two years of pain. Oil - a crucial source of revenue - has bounced back above $50 and Russian manufacturing expanded at its fastest pace since 2011 in December, a sign the economy is starting to grow again. show chapters VTB Bank CEO: Reestablishing US-Russia relations    Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 | 8:13 AM ET | 02:01 And then there's the Trump factor. The U.S. real estate mogul won the U.S. election on Nov. 8 after a campaign that included pledges to improve ties with Russia, and this week - days before his inauguration as president - he proposed offering to end sanctions imposed on Russia over its annexation of Crimea in return for a nuclear arms reduction deal with Moscow. "The easing of sanctions will reopen cheap foreign capital markets again for Russian companies," Guryev said. "It will stimulate local business, allow the central bank to cut interest rates and as a result spur Russia's GDP growth." He said the lifting of sanctions could remove the 20-40 percent share price discounts on listed Russian companies that he said the punitive measures had led to. The head of Russia's state Direct Investment Fund, Kirill Dmitriev, said corporate gains could be even steeper. "We know that after past crises the Russian stock market was bouncing back by several times. There is potential for growth by another 50 percent and more and it is not necessarily linked to the easing of sanctions but also to economic growth," he said. Meeting Trump adviser A year ago in Davos, Dmitriev - an influential executive with close ties to the government and the Kremlin - met Saudi representatives and was the first Russian official to predict that Moscow and OPEC could reach a deal to cut oil production. Moscow agreed to cut output in tandem with the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries last month. show chapters Russia very impressed with professionalism of Trump adminstration: RDIF CEO    Monday, 16 Jan 2017 | 9:24 AM ET | 02:21 This year, Dmitriev met Anthony Scaramucci - a former U.S. hedge fund manager who will become a White House adviser and public liaison to government agencies and businesses - on the sidelines of the forum. Dmitriev's $10 billion sovereign wealth fund was put on one of the U.S. sanctions lists, one which however does not strictly prohibit U.S. persons from dealing with it. "I cannot discuss sanctions... As far as the meeting is concerned, we have a feeling the new administration is ready to support business and economic contacts between Russian and U.S. companies. This is an important step towards mutual understanding," said Dmitriev. Russia figures among the top picks for 2017 trades for Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, UBS, JPMorgan, Rabobank and Bank of America Merrill Lynch among others, with Goldman predicting it "to move from a recovery to a growth phase". Besides stock markets, Russia is also favored by bond investors because falling inflation may bring 150-200 basis points in official interest rate cuts next year. That would keep inflation-adjusted bond yields at among the highest in the world. "I see that foreign investors are ready again to buy the Russian risk. This year, we will see new portfolio investors ... we will see more share flotations, the Eurobond market will also develop very actively," said Igor Bulantsev, the head of the investment banking arm at state lender Sberbank. "Investment will also be flowing into the rouble bond market and the rouble carry trade will also likely continue," he said referring to a steep rouble appreciation last year which attracted a lot of fund inflows. Russian corporate results have also been encouraging. Earnings-per-share, a measure of profitability, recently surpassed their 10-year average for the first time since 2012. In recent months analysts have revised up their estimates of Russian companies' earnings at a faster pace than the rise in oil prices, Thomson Reuters Datastream shows. However, Russia still scores poorly on all measures of corruption and transparency; its fortunes remain dependent on oil exports and a recent report by the anti-monopoly service found state ownership of the economy had doubled since 2005 to 70 percent. "We would like to see more reform and decline in political risk but we are not convinced (this will happen)," Devan Kaloo, global head of equities at Aberdeen Asset Management, told Reuters. "So we are mildly positive in Russia." Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NULL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Government Report Will Fuel Bank Stocks in 2017 With inflation coming in above 2% last month, the Fed could soon boost interest rates for the third time since the financial crisis. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:29PM Image source: iStock/Thinkstock. The good news keeps rolling in for bank stocks, with the U.S. Labor Department reporting today that consumer prices increased in December by 2.1% compared to the same month in 2015. Granted, this may not seem like good news. After all, isn't inflation bad? The answer is: yes and no. Inflation is similar to the porridge in the story of Goldilocks and the Three Bears. You neither want too much nor too little. You want just the right amount. The magic number, according to the Federal Reserve, is 2%. If consumer prices increase at a slower pace than that, it suggests that the economy isn't growing as fast as monetary policymakers think it should. And if prices rise at a quicker pace than 2%, then the Fed will begin to rein in the trend by increasing interest rates. Data source: U.S. Labor Department. Chart by author. Herein lies the reason why the latest inflation estimate is such good news for banks, particularly asset-sensitive banks such as Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) and JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) that are especially sensitive to changes in interest rates. Since the financial crisis, short-term interest rates have hovered near 0% until just recently. The Fed has kept rates low in an effort to spur the economy by minimizing the cost to borrow, thereby encouraging consumers and businesses to buy things on credit. By doing so, the Fed has achieved one of its two congressionally mandated objectives: to maximize employment. The unemployment rate in November was only 4.6%. It climbed to 4.7% in December, but it's still comfortably below the central bank's 5% target. One consequence of the Fed's strategy, however, is that it's weighed heavily on bank earnings. Because banks sell money by making loans, lower interest rates translate into lower revenue for banks. As interest rates rise, by contrast, the price of money does, too, followed in lockstep by revenues and profits in the bank industry. But while the Fed's employment mandate has been achieved, its inflation mandate, to keep inflation at or around 2%, has not. This is why it's only raised the fed funds rate, the primary short-term interest rate benchmark in the United States, twice since the financial crisis eight years ago, most recently last month. And it's done so for a total of just 50 basis points, or 0.50%. US Target Federal Funds Rate data by YCharts. It remains to be seen whether December was an anomaly, or if the faster rate of inflation is sustainable, as we've seen inflation briefly eclipse 2% on multiple occasions over the past few years. With the exception of 2015, in fact, it's done so at least once every year since 2010. If it is sustainable, banks will soon make a lot more money because the Fed has been waiting for inflation to pick up before raising rates. Compared to last year, Bank of America's net interest income could grow by more than $5 billion over the next 12 months. And JPMorgan Chase isn't far behind Bank of America. Based on its own interest rate sensitivity analysis, JPMorgan's annual net interest income would likely gain around $3 billion on a year-over-year basis. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:29PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.68 up $0.05 (0.22%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $83.92 down $0.02 (-0.02%) Read More Why Bank of America's Stock Tumbled on Tuesday The Most Important Part of Bank of America's Earnings Report Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove 3 Bank Stocks I'd Buy Right Now The Fed's Dot Plot: The Most Important Chart for Bank Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current This Government Report Will Fuel Bank Stocks in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM
Skip to main content Thu, Jan 19, 2017 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance Citigroup CEO asks for investor patience on financial targets despite higher 4Q profits Thursday, January 19, 2017 - 07:41 Citigroup Inc chief executive Michael Corbat asked investors for more patience on Wednesday in explaining how the bank failed to meet four-year-old performance targets, even as vibrant markets drove profits higher in the fourth quarter. PHOTO: BLOOMBERG [NEW YORK] Citigroup Inc chief executive Michael Corbat asked investors for more patience on Wednesday in explaining how the bank failed to meet four-year-old performance targets, even as vibrant markets drove profits higher in the fourth quarter. Mr Corbat adjusted those goals and proposed new times and conditions to reach them in a conference call with investors. Progress has not been "as fast as we would like to go. The environment is not as good as we would like to have it," Mr Corbat said, noting that the bank has had to contend with new regulations. "We've executed against each (of the original targets) in this environment in a disciplined and committed way, and that's what we are going to continue to do," he said. Mr Corbat set the original targets in March 2013, shortly after taking the helm of Citigroup. The bank would meet thresholds for return on equity, operating efficiency and return on assets starting in 2015, he promised. But Citigroup met only one of the three targets that year, and none of them in 2016. On Wednesday, Mr Corbat said Citigroup is capable of hitting the targets, but asked for leeway - including temporarily using a lower measure of equity because regulators have required Citigroup to hold more capital than expected. SEE ALSO: US charges three former traders in forex rigging probe Mr Corbat also told analysts that return on assets was not as indicative of company performance as it was in the past because regulators now want banks to rely more on expensive debt financing as part of their drive to prevent future taxpayer bailouts. Citigroup's shares, which had risen about 17 per cent since the election, fell 1.7 per cent to US$57.39. The stock is still well below Citi's reported tangible book value of US$64.57 per share. Donald Trump's surprise election victory in November and the Federal Reserve's interest rate hike the next month caused a surge in activity across bond markets, boosting profits across Wall Street. Citigroup's net income rose 7 per cent to US$3.57 billion, or US$1.14 per share, in the quarter ended Dec 31, topping the average analyst estimate of US$1.12 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The bank's revenue from bond trading rose 36 per cent, while equity trading revenue rose about 15 per cent. Citigroup's finance chief, John Gerspach, said the trading trend has carried into the new year. Bank of America Corp, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley also reported sharp increases in fixed-income trading revenue for the quarter. Shares of US banks staged a dramatic rally in the weeks after Mr Trump's victory, as investors expect the industry to reap huge benefits from lighter regulation, lower taxes and higher growth under his presidency. Citigroup's situation is unusual though, because it has a much bigger international presence than other big American banks. Even after exiting some less-profitable markets in recent years, about half of its business is abroad. Mr Gerspach said Citigroup was comfortable with its current footprint in Asia and Latin America. That includes its Citibanamex business in Mexico, which Citigroup has faced some investor pressure to sell due to the risk that Mr Trump will hurt the economy there and its currency. The peso has lost 15 per cent of its value against the US dollar since the election. Mr Gerspach also said that Citigroup's longstanding network for international transactions could create a competitive advantage for the bank if there are more restrictions on trade put in place. The network has been the envy of other big US banks. REUTERS Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Banking & Finance Aviva merges UK insurance businesses, Europe CEO quits 8:09 PM Lloyd's of London says India reinsurance branch to open by April 7:45 PM DBS, AXS team up to offer digital and mobile payment for condo fees 5:29 PM Boutique investment bank LionTree to open Paris office 4:24 PM Goldman Sachs to slash London presence due to Brexit: report 4:22 PM Europe's bank rescue rule in doubt, even among enforcers 2:21 PM Breaking News 11:29 pm US:Wall St flat as countdown to Trump's swearing-in begins 10:40 pm US housing starts up more than forecast in Dec 10:32 pm ECB maintains stimulus, tells critics: "Be Patient" 10:10 pm China's Alibaba becomes major sponsor of Olympics 9:57 pm Oxley Holdings reports higher profits for Q2 9:40 pm Dasin Retail Trust to begin trading Friday afternoon; public offer 7.6 times subscribed 9:32 pm Hong Kong's former finance chief John Tsang confirms run for top job 9:05 pm Saudi Central Banker says crunch that squeezed banks is over 8:48 pm GL Limited reports lower profit for Q2 8:28 pm George Soros, Mastercard to partner to aid migrants, refugees Most Read 1 Surbana axes 50 'poor performers'; MOM in talks with unions 2 Mapletree Investments sells 2017's first SGD bond 3 Developers to keep playing quantum price game this year 4 14 financial institutions in Singapore to participate in debt consolidation plan 5 Singapore's macro fundamentals are sound, will weather storms: MAS's Ravi Menon Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Business Business Columnists In some Chicago neighborhoods, retail needs to follow rooftops Bronzeville Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune Cyclists head home after a Feb. 27, 2016, Bronzeville Bikes meeting at 51st Street and Prairie Avenue in Chicago. The Bronzeville neighborhood is among those targeted by a Chicago Trend startup that seeks to attract retailers to underserved areas by providing data to show the areas' economic potential. Cyclists head home after a Feb. 27, 2016, Bronzeville Bikes meeting at 51st Street and Prairie Avenue in Chicago. The Bronzeville neighborhood is among those targeted by a Chicago Trend startup that seeks to attract retailers to underserved areas by providing data to show the areas' economic potential. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune) Robert ReedContact ReporterChicago Tribune There's a real estate adage that goes "retail follows rooftops," and it means when enough people live in an area, store owners and operators soon swoop in to sell a variety of goods or services. Unfortunately, that's not the case in some of Chicago's low- and even moderate-income neighborhoods, which have plenty of residents but enjoy scant retail options even for basic needs like grocery shopping. But a new neighborhood-based initiative called Chicago Trend is hoping to reverse that practice. Its plan: Attract retailers, or retail developers, to communities by providing them a powerful blend of grass-roots data and sophisticated buying pattern analysis that proves there's moneymaking potential in under-stored areas, especially on Chicago's South and West sides. It also can provide help with financing their entry effort if necessary. Giving credibility to Chicago Trend's startup are the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation and the Chicago Community Trust, which are providing about $7 million in grant funding through the Chicago Community Loan Fund, a Chicago Trend partner. The bulk of the money is coming from MacArthur. Yes, wooing retailers to less-affluent environs is a long shot but definitely one worth taking. If successful, an influx of big and small store activity can have an invigorating ripple effect on a community while also creating jobs and making way for other business activity. "We're working to find grocery stores, coffee shops, restaurants, dry cleaners … any retailers that will help (a community) become a neighborhood of choice." says Lyneir Richardson, CEO of Chicago Trend. Indeed, in an era when companies of all types and sizes increasingly depend on big data for guidance, Chicago Trend can provide a deep dive into neighborhoods often overlooked by traditional market researchers. Englewood hopes Starbucks, Whole Foods create 'ripple effect' Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz When Sophelia Baptiste helps open Englewood's first Starbucks Wednesday, the new barista will be thinking of her brother — a caramel macchiato fan who she said also dreamed of working at the coffee chain. "I know he's proud of me right now," Baptiste, 30, said Tuesday as she donned her green apron... When Sophelia Baptiste helps open Englewood's first Starbucks Wednesday, the new barista will be thinking of her brother — a caramel macchiato fan who she said also dreamed of working at the coffee chain. "I know he's proud of me right now," Baptiste, 30, said Tuesday as she donned her green apron... (Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz) It models buying patterns in mostly minority communities based on original data from surveys of 8,000 local shoppers, 14,000 shopping trips and other economic and social factors, says Richardson, who is also an experienced corporate executive, having worked on urban revival efforts for Chicago-based mall developer General Growth Properties. Chicago Trend says it can provide clients, and even city planners, a clearer idea of which stores or services are in immediate demand and what's the profit potential for opening up new businesses or store sites. Right now, Chicago Trend's main focus is on selected Chicago neighborhoods including Pullman, Bronzeville, Woodlawn, Chatham, Austin and Uptown. Hyperlocal market data is increasingly important and helpful, agrees Martin Sorge executive director of Uptown United, an economic development group. "For example, it helps to answer: Does a neighborhood want a Walgreens or certain type of restaurant?" he said. And there's more neighborhood action on the horizon. The Chicago Community Loan Fund, a nonprofit community development group started in 1991, recently launched its "Activate Retail" program. This effort is designed to back development and help finance new retail corridors within less-affluent areas. Moreover, Chicago Neighborhood Initiatives' microfinancing group is making small loans to retailers. JP Morgan Chase has invested $3.5 million in these local initiatives. All this action is a welcome addition to the mission of trying to revive the city's mostly minority neighborhoods. Already, we've begun to see the impact some linchpin retailers can have on neighborhoods. The introduction of a Whole Foods in Englewood, or a Mariano's in Bronzeville, can be a catalyst for new development and a hub for other business activity. But retail is a super tough business. Major store chains are under fire from digital giants like Amazon and many of the old ways of moving merchandise are becoming obsolete. A sustainable neighborhood revival needs retail, but attracting it calls for multilayered development, marketing and financing approaches. That includes assistance and expertise from every level of government, nonprofits, lenders and business interests. For its part, Chicago Trend's data analysis will show there's a viable customer base living within Chicago's under-stored neighborhoods. But a big question still lingers: Will retailers be impressed enough to follow those rooftops? roreed@chicagotribune.com Twitter @reedtribbiz Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Catherine T. MacArthur As department stores exit, mall makeovers begin Uber slow to fix wheelchair-accessibility woes For local business, it's 'Anxious New Year!' Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 36°
Supported by the University of Pittsburgh School of Law    Home News All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News News Archive This Day at Law Commentary All Commentary Academic Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Contributing Editors Features Documents US Executive Orders US Federal Rulemaking US Presidential Memoranda Support Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Sponsorship About FAQ Staff Contact Transparency Sutin Prize Shawl Award J20 Election 2000 Famous Trials Staff Retrospective Follow Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Contact Feeds Paper Chase Serious law. Primary sources. Global perspective. advertisement US appeals court revives FDIC suit against banks over mortgage-backed securities sales Wednesday 18 January 2017 at 1:54 PM ET by Autumn Callan ©  WikiMedia (Jue Mue) [JURIST] The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York [official website] on Wednesday revived [order, PDF] a lawsuit that stems from the 2008 financial crisis. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp (FDIC) [official website] brought suit in 2012 against five defendants: Credit Suisse Group, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Scotland Group, UBS and HSBC [corporate websites]. The suit was filed on allegations that the banks violated a federal securities law when selling $140.5 million in mortgage-backed securities in 2007 and 2008 to two banks that later failed as a result, Citizens National Bank and Strategic Capital Bank. The court of appeals reversed the March 2015 decision by US District Judge Laura Taylor Swain, who dismissed the case because the FDIC had waited too long to file the claim against the banks. Last week the US Supreme Court [official website] declined to review a case that revived by another panel on the same appellate court in May. The lawsuit was also brought by the FDIC over similar claims. The court held in both cases that federal law passed after the savings and loan crisis in 1989 extended the time period in which the FDIC could sue on behalf of the failed banks. Several banks have faced legal challenges [JURIST backgrounder] stemming from the financial crisis of 2007-08. Last month Deutsche Bank reached [JURIST report] a $7.2 billion deal with the Department of Justice (DOJ). In September the US National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) [official website] said that the Royal Bank of Scotland Group will pay $1.1 billion [JURIST report] after it allegedly solid toxic mortgaged-backed securities. In February Morgan Stanley [corporate website] agreed to pay $3.2 billion [JURIST report] related to their mortgage-back securities. In July 2014 Citigroup, Inc. agreed to pay $7 billion to settle a federal inquiry [JURIST report] into mortgage-backed securities sold by the bank prior to the country's financial crisis. In November 2013 the DOJ announced that a $13 billion civil settlement [JURIST report] with JPMorgan Chase & Co. [corporate website] has been finalized, resolving federal and state claims arising from the bank's risky mortgage practices which helped lead to the 2008 financial crisis. In August 2013 the DOJ filed suit [JURIST report] against Bank of America [corporate website] in the US District Court for the Western District of North Carolina [official website], claiming the corporation misled investors about securitized loans worth more than $850 million. Posted in Paper Chase Latest Commentary prevnext Safe Spaces and First Amendment Rights: Do Safe Spaces Belong on College Campuses? Fuad Rafidi Valparaiso University School of Law Thinking Beyond the ICJ's Marshall Islands Judgment Mohit Gupta South Asian University Sixth Circuit Undermines Labor Statute Angela B. Cornell Cornell Law School No Ordinary Lawsuit: Juliana v. United States is a Landmark Precedent for Climate Change Legislation Gabriela Steier Duquesne University School of Law Benny King and the criminalization of addiction in America Stephen Cooper What the Federal Court Decision Against Blanket Drug Testing Means for Students More Commentary About Paper Chase Paper Chase is JURIST's real-time legal news service, powered by a team of 30 law student reporters and editors led by law professor Bernard Hibbitts at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. As an educational service, Paper Chase is dedicated to presenting important legal news and materials rapidly, objectively and intelligibly in an accessible format. Contact Paper Chase >> advertisement Recent Legal News Tags General Motors complies with SEC order over accounting failures in defect case 3:53 PM ET, 18 January 2017 JPMorgan agrees to settlement on mortgage discrimination complaint 3:35 PM ET, 18 January 2017 Gambia president declares state of emergency 3:04 PM ET, 18 January 2017 Amnesty calls on Bahrain authorities to commute death sentences 2:41 PM ET, 18 January 2017 Malaysia court rules opposition leader can challenge rejection of royal pardon 2:23 PM ET, 18 January 2017 US appeals court revives FDIC suit against banks over mortgage-backed securities sales 1:54 PM ET, 18 January 2017 domestic GM SEC settlement advertisement About JURIST JURIST is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to bringing objective legal news and reasoned expert analysis to the public. E-mail inquiries, changes, news tips, URLs, corrections, etc. to JURIST@jurist.org. Legal Disclaimer JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help. Questions × Your message has been sent. Thank you! © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Home News Commentary Features Podcasts Support About © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Legal Disclaimer Please note that JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help.
