Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercadolibre Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Sprint Corp (S) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) a $250.00 Price Target March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) has been given a $250.00 target price by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Monday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 15.68% from the company’s current price. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on MELI. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on shares of Mercadolibre from $185.00 to $220.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Cowen and Company lifted their target price on shares of Mercadolibre from $192.00 to $211.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Pacific Crest began coverage on shares of Mercadolibre in a research report on Friday, February 17th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $210.00 target price on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $200.00 target price on shares of Mercadolibre in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Mercadolibre from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $207.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $202.50. Shares of Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) traded down 2.00% during trading on Monday, reaching $211.78. 258,369 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average of $201.27 and a 200 day moving average of $178.24. The stock has a market cap of $9.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 68.58 and a beta of 2.17. Mercadolibre has a 12-month low of $111.12 and a 12-month high of $218.64. Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $1.16 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.92 by $0.24. Mercadolibre had a net margin of 16.13% and a return on equity of 38.86%. The business had revenue of $256.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $249.16 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.88 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 41.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Mercadolibre will post $4.30 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.15 dividend. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.28%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. Mercadolibre’s dividend payout ratio is currently 21.43%. Your IP Address: In other news, VP Stelleo Tolda sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $211.00, for a total value of $422,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Company insiders own 0.36% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Van ECK Associates Corp acquired a new position in Mercadolibre during the fourth quarter valued at $107,000. Investec Asset Management LTD acquired a new position in Mercadolibre during the fourth quarter valued at $173,000. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale acquired a new position in Mercadolibre during the third quarter valued at $193,000. Gideon Capital Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Mercadolibre during the fourth quarter valued at $241,000. Finally, Tyers Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in Mercadolibre during the fourth quarter valued at $245,000. 76.61% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Mercadolibre MercadoLibre, Inc (MercadoLibre) hosts an online commerce platform in Latin America, which is focused on enabling e-commerce and its related services. The Company provides a portfolio of services facilitating e-commerce transactions. Its geographic segments are Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Venezuela and other countries (including Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Guatemala, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and the United States of America. Receive News & Ratings for Mercadolibre Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video MOVES-JPMorgan Chase names Kresse head of small business banking Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Tue Mar 21, 2017 | 1:00pm EDT MOVES-JPMorgan Chase names Kresse head of small business banking March 21 JPMorgan Chase & Co has named Andrew Kresse to head small business banking, succeeding Jennifer Piepszak who was put in charge of card services last month, the bank said on Tuesday. Kresse, 43, has been running sales and marketing businesses in JPMorgan's investment bank where he was most recently head of North American Corporate Derivative Marketing and Cross Asset Structuring. He joined JPMorgan in 2007 after working at other banks in structured finance. Daniel Pinto, chief executive of JPMorgan's Corporate and Investment Bank, described the appointment in a press release as an example of how JPMorgan moves successful executives to different parts of the bank. Kresse will report to Gordon Smith, CEO of Chase Consumer & Community Banking. Kresse will formally be CEO of Business Banking, which serves about 2.5 million small businesses, each with about $20 million or less in annual revenue. JPMorgan is the biggest U.S. bank by assets. (Reporting by David Henry in New York; Editing by Richard Chang) Next In Funds News RPT-India's Snapdeal searches for funds, takeover speculation grows * Talks on raising fresh funds from China not successful-sources INSIGHT-Uncertain fate of Obamacare causes some hospitals to halt projects, hiring March 23 Uncertainty surrounding the Republican plan to replace Obamacare is forcing some U.S. hospitals to delay expansion plans, cut costs, or take on added risk to borrow money for capital investment projects, dealing an economic blow to these facilities and the towns they call home. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Attack outside UK parliament Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Looking to Beat Inflation? Check Out These 3 Stocks These stocks could help you beat the dollar's declining purchasing power. Keith Noonan, Dan Caplinger, and Jason Hall (keithnoonan) Mar 21, 2017 at 11:41AM Risk is a factor in every investment, but the effects of inflation mean that it's also risky to avoid investing. With the U.S. Department of Labor reporting that consumer prices over the last 12-month period have climbed at their fastest rate in five years (up 2.7%), it's a good time to think about stocks that are well-tuned for beating inflation. Read on to learn why our panel of writers identified JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (NYSE:BIP), and PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) as investments that could help you keep ahead of the depreciation curve. Image source: Getty Images. This stock is built for inflation  Jason Hall (Brookfield Infrastructure Partners): There are a lot of stocks that can do well during inflationary periods, but the businesses that tend to do best are ones which serve markets with consistent demand through every economic environment, and also have pricing power that allows them to increase prices with inflation. Brookfield Infrastructure Partners has both of these attributes in spades.  First is the relatively steady nature of cash flows from the assets it owns and operates. 90% of cash flows are either contracted with customers or regulated. And since its assets are largely utility-like in nature, including energy transmission, distribution, and other similar infrastructure assets, those businesses generate strong and steady results under nearly all economic conditions. Furthermore, 70% of its cash flows are indexed to inflation, giving it a substantial margin of safety against rising commodity prices that could affect its profits.  Furthermore, Brookfield Infrastructure's business is incredibly geographically diverse. That in and of itself offers some protection against inflationary pressures which may affect one country or economy.  Finally, Brookfield Infrastructure Partners is an incredibly well-run business, with its general partner, Brookfield Asset Management, very good at allocating capital for consistent long-term cash flow growth. This has led to strong share price and dividend growth since its IPO: BIP data by YCharts. And while it's not an ideal investment in a retirement account, since it is a master limited partnership, it's a wonderful business to own in your taxable accounts, whether inflation is a big risk or not.  An unexpected way to handle inflation Dan Caplinger (JPMorgan Chase): The idea that a bank like JPMorgan Chase might benefit from inflation is largely foreign, because under typical circumstances, financial institutions can suffer during inflationary periods. Rising inflation leads to higher interest rates, which in turn can depress levels of economic activity throughout the financial system. Banks don't directly suffer because most of their loans carry variable rates that adjust automatically to the rising-rate environment, but if loan volume falls, then it can hit profits. However, JPMorgan Chase is attractive now for a couple of reasons. First, interest rates are currently so low that banks like JPMorgan can't necessarily maximize their net interest margin because the rates they pay on deposits can't go below zero. Bank stocks have soared recently precisely because rising rates could help restore interest margin levels to more normal conditions, and JPMorgan in particular stands to benefit from higher profits. Moreover, JPMorgan also has an extensive investment banking business, and the need for clients to adjust their strategies to handle inflation could serve that part of the Wall Street bank's business very well. Too much inflation might not be ideal for JPMorgan Chase, but a slight uptick would be welcome news indeed in light of current conditions in the financial markets. A consumer goods stock for beating inflation Keith Noonan (PepsiCo): Food and beverage giant PepsiCo boasts two key qualities that make it a strong stock for beating inflation: Pricing power and a strong dividend profile.  During high inflationary periods, consumer goods companies that can raise their prices tend to fare better than those that have less pricing flexibility, and brand strength is crucial to passing price increases on to customers in the sector. PepsiCo has it in spades. Between popular products like Lay's potato chips, Gatorade, Tropicana orange juice, Quaker Oats, and its line of soft drinks, PepsiCo has some of the strongest beverage and snack brands around -- and boasts 22 individual brands that each generate at least $1 billion in annual retail sales.  As for the dividend component, stocks with strong yields and histories of payout increases can be counted on for reliable income generation that works to offset inflation. Pepsi stock carries a solid 2.7% dividend yield, and the company is set to deliver its 45th consecutive year of dividend increases, so it's reasonable to expect future payout boosts. Even if PepsiCo's share price were to wind up flat over the next decade, and the company opted not to increase its dividend payout over the stretch, its dividend yield matches the rate of consumer price inflation over the last year and would produce better returns than a 10-year U.S. Treasury Bond (yielding roughly 2.5%). PepsiCo stock isn't without downside risk, but trading at roughly 21 times forward earnings, it's fairly priced for a well-run company that has significant competitive advantages in its space and looks like a strong choice for staving off inflation. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jason Hall owns shares of Brookfield Infrastructure Partners. Keith Noonan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends PepsiCo. The Motley Fool recommends Brookfield Infrastructure Partners. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Noonan, Dan Caplinger, and Jason Hall (keithnoonan) Keith Noonan covers technology, entertainment, and other fields. You can follow him on Twitter by clicking the button below: Follow @TweethNoonan Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 11:41AM Consumer Goods Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.53 no change (0.00%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $111.96 down $0.06 (-0.05%) Brookfield Infrastructure Partners NYSE:BIP $37.64 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Now Could Be a Bad Time to Own Dividend Stocks 9 Indra Nooyi Quotes on Leadership, Diversity, and Business That Will Make You a Better Investor PepsiCo Offers Up a Cautious Outlook for 2017 Should You Buy PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, or Monster Beverage? 3 Things You Need to Know The 3 Best Dividend Stocks for Beginning Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Despite Many Factors Stacking Up Against JPMorgan, Rafferty Capital Wants You To Own The Stock Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 21, 2017 12:09pm   Comments Share: Related JPM Uber's Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad 2017 This Algo Is Bullish On Banks And Tech US Market Indexes Lower on Tuesday with Losses Led by Financials (GuruFocus) Noting that JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) shares were up 28.6 percent since the Trump election, Rafferty Capital’s Richard X. Bove expects the stock to decline in the near term before it “regains positive momentum.” The analyst maintains a Buy rating on the company, while raising the price target from $96 to $97. The Wrong Reasons Mentioning that JPMorgan Chase’s share price appreciation is thrice the pace of the market gain of 10.3 percent over the same period, Bove stated, “It is becoming apparent, however, that the stock is up for the wrong reasons. There is an expectation that there will be a significant tax cut this year. A review of the Federal budget suggests that this may not be feasible. Fiscal stimulus may not be feasible either.” The analyst also believes the market expects the new Trump administration to implement deregulation in the banking industry, although it does not appear likely at present. Bove believes that while there could be some changes in “peripheral issues impacting the industry,” core deregulation has not even been considered. “In fact, it is quite likely that there will be increased regulation in sectors that are important,” the analyst said. Also, Bove believes that while there could be an increase in interest rates, which would meaningfully drive bank earnings, they would also lower bank book values. In addition, if managements were to implement aggressive share buybacks, it would do “even more harm to bank book values and ultimately the stock prices.” For the near term, Bove expects the outlook for the lending industry to remain “muted at best.” The Right Reasons On the other hand, the analyst pointed out that bank earnings had been trending up, especially JPMorgan Chase. Also, the economy is growing and is expected to persist at a modest pace of 2 percent per year for some time. “Moreover, the outlook for the capital markets divisions of the bank is quite good. Costs are being controlled. Margins are improving,” Bove added. All of this points to JPMorgan Chase being able to generate positive results going forward, which is the "right reason to own the stock." Related Link: This Algo Is Bullish On Banks And Tech So What If Corporations Pay Dividends With Repatriated Cash? Latest Ratings for JPM Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Keefe Bruyette & Woods Downgrades Outperform Market Perform Jan 2017 UBS Initiates Coverage On Buy Nov 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for JPM View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Rafferty Capital MarketsAnalyst Color Long Ideas News Price Target Analyst Ratings Movers Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (JPM) Uber's Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad 2017 This Algo Is Bullish On Banks And Tech So What If Corporations Pay Dividends With Repatriated Cash? Citigroup, JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs And Intel: Fast Money Picks For March 14 The Payments World: PayPal Vs. Apple Pay Vs. Visa Checkout Vs. Masterpass Vs. Amazon Payments Vs. Facebook Payments Korean Powder Keg, Morons With Margin, And Red Wine View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on JPM Trending Recent 1 HTBX, PLKI: 16 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 UTMD, SHLD: 18 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 FRAN, NKE: 7 Stocks To Watch For March 21, 2017 4 DRYS, TOPS: Kalani Investments - Who They Are And Why... 5 PBR, CSIQ: Earnings Scheduled For March 21, 2017 6 XLK: Alternative Stock Exchange IE... 7 MYL, IMMY: Imprimis Challenges... 1 Financial Advisors Could Be Making Up To 20% More Money, And This Fintech Wants... 2 EXPE: The Travel Ban Has Had Limited Impact On Expedia 3 FNMA, FMCC: Fannie And Freddie Shareholders Shouldn't Expect Resolution I... 4 How Fintech Is Leveling The Playing Field for FX And Cross Border... 5 FDX, RF: PreMarket Prep Recap, March 21: The Vice Index 6 AAL: American Airlines Lower After Morgan Stanley Downgrade 7 NKE: Nike's Sales Miss: Always Darkest Just Before Th... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products What Does Crude Oil Back Under $50/Barrel Mean For Equities Investors? Upcoming Tocagen IPO To Finance Gene Therapy Clinical Trials
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dean Foods Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 25,000 Shares of Stock Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Raises Dividend to $0.13 Per Share U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (GROW) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.00 Investors Buy Prologis Inc (PLD) on Weakness After Insider Selling Repligen Co. (RGEN) CFO Jon Snodgres Sells 1,909 Shares of Stock Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Joseph David Stilwell Purchases 4,700 Shares of Stock Viveve Medical Inc (VIVE) CEO Patricia Scheller Purchases 12,500 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) Insider Carissa Lynn Rodeheaver Acquires 2,873 Shares Bacanora Minerals Ltd (BCN) Director James Digby Ronald Strauss Acquires 27,000 Shares of Stock Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 2,098 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 3,278 Shares of Stock KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Director Karen A. Twitchell Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Curtis Darrell Bartlett Sells 16,834 Shares of Stock Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) SVP Jacob J. Schatz Sells 2,200 Shares of Stock Dean Foods Co (DF) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Dean Foods Co (NYSE:DF) was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a note issued to investors on Friday. The brokerage currently has a $22.00 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price suggests a potential upside of 13.40% from the company’s previous close. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Vertical Research upgraded shares of Dean Foods from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Dean Foods from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Sanford C. Bernstein downgraded shares of Dean Foods from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $21.31 to $22.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, KeyCorp started coverage on shares of Dean Foods in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. They set a “sector weight” rating for the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $21.29. Dean Foods (NYSE:DF) opened at 19.40 on Friday. Dean Foods has a 12-month low of $15.69 and a 12-month high of $22.31. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $19.11 and a 200 day moving average of $18.83. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.76 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.79 and a beta of 0.28. Dean Foods (NYSE:DF) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.03. Dean Foods had a net margin of 1.37% and a return on equity of 24.87%. The company had revenue of $2.02 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.01 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.36 earnings per share. Dean Foods’s revenue was down .2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that Dean Foods will post $1.40 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 20th will be issued a $0.09 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 16th. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.86%. Dean Foods’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 31.30%. Your IP Address: In other Dean Foods news, Director J Wayne Mailloux sold 3,033 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.50, for a total value of $56,110.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 105,073 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,943,850.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 2.30% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Dean Foods by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 5,548 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 145 shares during the period. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd increased its position in shares of Dean Foods by 158.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 7,735 shares of the company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying an additional 4,737 shares during the period. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio increased its position in shares of Dean Foods by 17.0% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 7,616 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 1,104 shares during the period. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Dean Foods during the fourth quarter valued at $200,000. Finally, Elkfork Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of Dean Foods during the fourth quarter valued at $201,000. About Dean Foods Dean Foods Company is a food and beverage company. The Company processes and distributes fluid milk, and other dairy and dairy case products in the United States. It is engaged in manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing a range of branded and private label dairy and dairy case products. It offers branded and private label dairy case products, including fluid milk, ice cream, cultured dairy products, creamers, ice cream mix and other dairy products to retailers, distributors, foodservice outlets, educational institutions and governmental entities across the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Dean Foods Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synaptics Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synaptics Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oneok Partners LP (OKS) Position Raised by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Reduces Position in FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Community Health Systems (CYH) Shares Bought by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Has $445,000 Stake in AAR Corp. (AIR) Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,780 Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Forecasted to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.43 Per Share (WRE) Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Reduces Stake in Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Has $265,000 Position in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Stake Boosted by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Acquires New Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) 2,600 Shares in UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC A.R.T. Advisors LLC Takes Position in Mantech International Corp (MANT) 7,500 Shares in ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 137,920 Shares of Harman International Industries Inc (HAR) Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Bonds Drop 1.5% During Trading FY2017 EPS Estimates for TESARO Inc Cut by Wedbush (TSRO) Valeura Energy Inc Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (VLE) New York State Teachers Retirement System Buys 200 Shares of Career Education Corp. (CECO) GoPro Inc (GPRO) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Citigroup Inc Guess?, Inc. (GES) Price Target Lowered to $12.00 at Telsey Advisory Group Putnam Investments LLC Purchases New Stake in Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Putnam Investments LLC purchased a new stake in Synaptics, Incorporated (NASDAQ:SYNA) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund purchased 20,823 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,115,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Schroder Investment Management Group acquired a new position in Synaptics, during the third quarter valued at approximately $28,726,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Synaptics, by 665.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 195,114 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,429,000 after buying an additional 169,622 shares during the period. Sirios Capital Management L P boosted its position in Synaptics, by 132.1% in the third quarter. Sirios Capital Management L P now owns 242,067 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,180,000 after buying an additional 137,775 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in Synaptics, by 7.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 27,924 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,635,000 after buying an additional 1,969 shares during the period. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in Synaptics, by 12.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 510,619 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,911,000 after buying an additional 57,866 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 92.09% of the company’s stock. Shares of Synaptics, Incorporated (NASDAQ:SYNA) opened at 51.50 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $54.36 and its 200 day moving average price is $56.61. Synaptics, Incorporated has a 52 week low of $47.09 and a 52 week high of $90.91. The firm has a market cap of $1.82 billion, a PE ratio of 47.42 and a beta of 1.24. Synaptics, (NASDAQ:SYNA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $1.49 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.20. The firm had revenue of $461.30 million for the quarter. Synaptics, had a net margin of 2.54% and a return on equity of 14.02%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.60 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Synaptics, Incorporated will post $4.89 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: Several research analysts recently commented on SYNA shares. Citigroup Inc cut Synaptics, to an “underperform” rating and set a $45.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Cann reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a $45.00 price target on shares of Synaptics, in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a $45.00 price target on shares of Synaptics, in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Lake Street Capital boosted their price target on Synaptics, from $57.00 to $61.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Northland Securities upgraded Synaptics, from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $60.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $65.79. In other Synaptics, news, VP Wajid Ali sold 477 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $56.96, for a total transaction of $27,169.92. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 17,627 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,004,033.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Rick Bergman sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, February 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $56.26, for a total transaction of $562,600.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 105,488 shares in the company, valued at $5,934,754.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.60% of the company’s stock. About Synaptics, Synaptics Incorporated is engaged in the development, marketing and sale of intuitive human interface solutions for electronic devices and products. The Company is a developer and supplier of custom-designed human interface product solutions that enable people to interact with a range of mobile computing, communications, entertainment and other electronic devices. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SYNA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Synaptics, Incorporated (NASDAQ:SYNA). Receive News & Ratings for Synaptics Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synaptics Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A 7 Growth Stocks With Downside Protection The five-star JPMorgan Hedged Equity fund seeks to minimize volatility. Here’s what it’s buying now. By Teresa Rivas Biography March 21, 2017 5:41 a.m. ET Investors looking beyond the traditional 60/40 model of investing in stocks and bonds may be intimidated by complicated “liquid alternative” offerings. The JPMorgan Hedged Equity fund, a market-tracking alternative fund with a relatively simple hedging strategy, could go a long way toward easing their fears. The fund (ticker: JHQAX) seeks to match the performance of the Standard & Poor’s 500 index while sidestepping the market’s big downturns. It does this by buying growth-at-a-reasonable-price companies with strong... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Archrock Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Richard A. Gottscho Sells 80,009 Shares of Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Stock Insider Selling: Medtronic plc. (MDT) CEO Sells $7,867,900.00 in Stock Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Leerink Swann Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Receives C$76.50 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) PT at $33.92 GoPro Inc (GPRO) Given New $6.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc OC OERLIKON CORP CHF1 (OERLF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc Low & Bonar plc (LWB) Research Coverage Started at Berenberg Bank Mistras Group Inc (MG) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RWE AG (RWE) Given a €13.50 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG BP plc’s (BP) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Wedbush Weighs in on Cidara Therapeutics Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CDTX) Christopher & Banks Co. (CBK) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) to Sell Oracle Co. (ORCL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BTIG Research Whitestone REIT Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.10 (WSR) Archrock Inc (AROC) Position Boosted by New York State Teachers Retirement System March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New York State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in shares of Archrock Inc (NYSE:AROC) by 4.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 143,802 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 6,700 shares during the period. New York State Teachers Retirement System’s holdings in Archrock were worth $1,898,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AROC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Archrock by 50.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,453,011 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,005,000 after buying an additional 489,098 shares in the last quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Archrock by 122.7% in the third quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC now owns 841,935 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,013,000 after buying an additional 463,820 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in shares of Archrock by 75.9% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 675,283 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,833,000 after buying an additional 291,287 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Archrock by 5.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,120,956 shares of the company’s stock valued at $66,982,000 after buying an additional 277,756 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Archrock during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,441,000. 89.93% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Archrock Inc (NYSE:AROC) opened at 12.70 on Tuesday. Archrock Inc has a 52-week low of $5.60 and a 52-week high of $16.40. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $14.21 and its 200 day moving average price is $13.24. The company’s market cap is $895.83 million. Archrock (NYSE:AROC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported ($0.06) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.03) by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $152 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $156.60 million. Archrock had a negative net margin of 17.11% and a negative return on equity of 1.48%. The company’s revenue was down 19.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.08 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Archrock Inc will post ($0.08) EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: AROC has been the subject of several research reports. Scotiabank downgraded Archrock to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Archrock in a report on Friday, January 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $13.00 price target for the company. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Archrock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $12.09. In related news, insider D Bradley Childers sold 18,488 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.23, for a total transaction of $244,596.24. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 647,986 shares in the company, valued at $8,572,854.78. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, CFO David S. Miller sold 3,265 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.23, for a total value of $43,195.95. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 123,971 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,640,136.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 26,694 shares of company stock valued at $353,076. Corporate insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. About Archrock Archrock, Inc is a natural gas contract operations services company. The Company also provides natural gas compression services to customers in the oil and natural gas industry throughout the United States and supplies aftermarket services to customers that own compression equipment in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AROC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Archrock Inc (NYSE:AROC). Receive News & Ratings for Archrock Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Brexit: What the biggest banks are planning once Theresa May begins EU departure Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners as finance firms shore up their plans to move operations from the UK Gavin Finch Tuesday 21 March 2017 13:24 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online In the rankings HSBC have fallen from 5th to 9th place, Barclays from 12th to 13th Getty Big investment banks will begin the process of moving some London-based operations into new hubs inside the EU within weeks after UK Prime Minister Theresa May set a date to trigger the formal mechanism for quitting the bloc. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners. Bank of America, Standard Chartered and Barclays are considering Ireland’s capital for their EU base to ensure continued access to the single market, said people familiar with the plans, asking not to be named because the plans aren’t public. Goldman Sachs and Citigroup are among banks eyeing Frankfurt, other people said. With banks increasingly expecting a so-called hard Brexit — the loss of their right to sell services freely around the EU from London — executives want to have new or expanded offices up and running inside the bloc before the UK departs in 2019. Frankfurt is a natural pick given a financial ecosystem featuring Deutsche Bank, the European Central Bank and BaFin. Dublin shares similar laws and regulations as its UK neighbour and is the only other English-speaking hub in the EU. Article 50: What will happen after it's triggered? Read more Bank bosses push for lower taxes and lighter regulation after Brexit May will file divorce papers to leave the EU on 29 March, launching two years of complex negotiations that will pit the UK’s need for a trade deal against the bloc’s view that Britain shouldn’t benefit from Brexit. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and 20,000 roles in financial services as clients move €1.8 trillion (£1.56 trillion) of assets out of the UK after Brexit, according to think tank Bruegel. Other estimates range from as much as 232,000 jobs to as few as 4,000. Bloomberg News conducted interviews and reviewed public statements to discover what each major bank is planning. Bank of America  Bank of America views Dublin as its default destination for a new EU hub if the UK loses easy access to the single market, one of the firm’s top executives in Germany said earlier this month. The bank will likely move some jobs to other cities across the region, including Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg and Amsterdam, said Nikolaus Naerger, Bank of America’s head of corporate banking in Germany, Switzerland and Austria. No final decisions have been made. “You’ve got to get your legal entity structure correct so you can operate in two different environments: one inside the U.K. and one outside,” Bank of America President Brian Moynihan said in Davos, Switzerland, in January. “We already have a lot of that structure set up. Then you have to start to think about where locations are.” Goldman Sachs The Wall Street firm is considering making Frankfurt its hub inside the EU and could move as many as 1,000 employees, including traders and senior managers, according to a person familiar with the matter. Chief executive Lloyd Blankfein has publicly said the bank has shelved plans to move more key operations to the UK. “We were on track to move more and more of our global activities, so global ops, global tech — all those things made more and more sense to operate out of the UK,” because of the time zone, Blankfein said in a Bloomberg interview in Davos. “Now, we’re slowing down that decision, and only moving there what we have to move there. We don’t value doing things twice; moving them there and then moving them away from there.” JPMorgan JPMorgan has scouted for office space in both Dublin and Frankfurt, people with knowledge of the matter said this month. Before the referendum, chief executive Jamie Dimon said as many as 4,000 of its 16,000 U.K. employees could be moved to the continent after Brexit. “We have to accommodate the laws of the land in both Britain and the EU, and that will determine how many jobs and how many people you have to move,” Dimon said in January. “It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for.” Brexit Concerns 26 show all Brexit Concerns 1/26 Brexit will put British patients at 'back of the queue' for new drugs Brexit will put British patients at the “back of the queue” for vital new drugs, the Government has been warned – forcing them to wait up to two years longer A medicines regulator has raised the alarm over a likely decision to pull out of the European Medicines Agency (EMA), as well as the EU itself. ealth Secretary Jeremy Hunt dropped the bombshell , when he said he expected the UK would quit the EMA – because it is subject to rulings by the European Court of Justice. Getty Images 2/26 London to lose status as 'gateway to Europe' for banks One of Germany’s top banking regulators has warned that London could lose its status as “gateway to Europe” for the banking sector after Britain quits the European trading bloc. Andreas Dombret, who is an executive board member for the Bundesbank—Germany’s central bank—told a private meeting of German businesses and banks earlier this week in Frankfurt that even if banking rules were “equivalent” between the UK and the rest of the EU, that was still “miles away from [Britain having] access to the single market”, the BBC reports. Jason Hawkes 3/26 Exodus The number of financial sector professionals in Britain and continental Europe looking for jobs in Ireland rocketed in the months after the UK voted to leave the European Union Shutterstock 4/26 Brexit is making FTSE 100 executives richer Pay packages of many FTSE 100 chief executive officers are partly tied to how well share prices are doing rather than the CEO’s performance -- and some stocks are soaring. ritish equities got a boost since the June vote because the likes of Rio Tinto, Smiths Group and WPP generate most sales abroad and earn a fortune when they convert these revenues back into the weakened pound. Sterling’s fall also made UK stocks more affordable for overseas investors. Rex 5/26 Theresa May: UK to leave single market Theresa May has said the UK "cannot possibly" remain within the European single market, as staying in it would mean "not leaving the EU at all". Getty 6/26 Lead campaigner Gina Miller and her team outside the High Court Getty 7/26 Raymond McCord holds up his newly issued Irish passport alongside his British passport outside the High Court in Belfast following a judges dismissal of the UK's first legal challenges to Brexit PA wire 8/26 SDLP leader Colum Eastwood leaving the High Court in Belfast following a judges dismissal of the UK's first legal challenges to Brexit PA wire 9/26 Migrants with luggage walk past a graffiti on a wall as they leave the 'Jungle' migrant camp, as part of a major three-day operation planned to clear the camp in Calais Getty 10/26 Migrants leave messages on their tents in the Jungle migrant camp Getty 11/26 The Adventist Development and Relief Agency (Adra) which distributes approximately 700 meals daily in the northern Paris camp states that it is noticing a spike in new migrant arrivals this week, potentially linked the the Calais 'jungle' camp closure - with around 1000 meals distributed today EPA 12/26 Migrant workers pick apples at Stocks Farm in Suckley, Britain Reuters 13/26 Many farmers across the country are voicing concerns that Brexit could be a dangerous step into the unknown for the farming industry Getty 14/26 Bank of England governor Mark Carney who said the long-term outlook for the UK economy is positive, but growth was slowing in the wake of the Brexit vote PA 15/26 The Dow Jones industrial average closed down over 600 points on the news with markets around the globe pluninging Getty 16/26 Immigration officers deal with each member of the public seeking entry into the United Kingdom but on average, 10 a day are refused entry at this London airport and between 2008 and 2009, 33,100 people were detained at the airport for mainly passport irregularities Getty 17/26 A number of global investment giants have threatened to move their European operations out of London if Brexit proves to have a negative impact on their businesses Getty 18/26 Following the possibility of a Brexit the UK would be released from its renewable energy targets under the EU Renewable Energy Directive and from EU state aid restrictions, potentially giving the government more freedom both in the design and phasing out of renewable energy support regimes Getty 19/26 A woman looking at a chart showing the drop in the pound (Sterling) against the US Dollar in London after Britain voted to leave the EU Getty 20/26 Young protesters outside the Houses of Parliament in Westminster, to protest against the United Kingdom's decision to leave the EU following the referendum Getty 21/26 Applications from Northern Ireland citizens for Irish Passports has soared to a record high after the UK Voted in favour of Leaving the EU Getty 22/26 NFU Vice President Minette Batters with Secretary of State, Andrea Leadsome at the National Farmers Union (NFU) took machinery, produce, farmers and staff to Westminster to encourage Members of Parliament to back British farming, post Brexit Getty 23/26 The latest reports released by the UK Cabinet Office warn that expats would lose a range of specific rights to live, to work and to access pensions, healthcare and public services. The same reports added that UK citizens abroad would not be able to assume that these rights will be guaranteed in the future Getty 24/26 A British resident living in Spain asks questions during an informative Brexit talk by the "Brexpats in Spain" group, about Spanish legal issues to become Spanish citizens, at the town hall in Benalmadena, Spain Reuters 25/26 The collapse of Great Britain appears to have been greatly exaggerated given the late summer crowds visiting city museums, hotels, and other important tourist attractions Getty 26/26 The U.K. should maintain European Union regulations covering everything from working hours to chemicals until after the government sets out its plans for Brexit, said British manufacturers anxious to avoid a policy vacuum and safeguard access to their biggest export market Getty UBS Chairman Axel Weber said this month that the bank will make a final decision on whether to move as many as 1,500 of about 5,000 UK investment banking staff soon after Brexit is triggered. “Yes, we will have to move bankers — we have an SE in Frankfurt, we have an appropriate setup in Spain,” Andrea Orcel, head of UBS’s investment bank, said in Davos, referring to the Swiss bank’s German subsidiary, which is licensed to do investment banking. “We still have flexibility to decide where to go, but we will definitely have to move.” HSBC HSBC chief executive Stuart Gulliver said in January that staff generating about 20 percent of its London investment-banking revenue may move to Paris, where it acquired a French commercial bank more than a decade ago. “Activities specifically covered by EU legislation will move,” he said. Before the June referendum, Gulliver said a Brexit vote would likely result in about 1,000 of the bank’s 5,000 London-based staff relocating to the French capital. Barclays The UK bank has settled on Dublin for its main hub inside the EU and is planning to add about 150 staff there, people with knowledge of the decision said earlier this year. Barclays chief executive Jes Staley has struck a different tone to other bank bosses. He said in Davos that it would be “very difficult” to dislodge a financial centre like London. If needed, Barclays may reassign its Frankfurt branch to its Irish subsidiary, he said. “Same people, same traders, you have to book a trade in Ireland as opposed to London, but that’s not a wholesale move of our capability from London to Ireland,” he said. Standard Chartered The bank approached Irish officials about making Dublin its legal base inside the EU, people familiar with the discussions said in December. No final decision has been taken, and the firm is also in talks with Germany’s regulator about choosing Frankfurt. Citigroup Citigroup is evaluating locations for parts of its London broker-dealer business, including Ireland, Spain, Italy, Germany, France, and the Netherlands, Jim Cowles, the bank’s top executive for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said at a conference in Dublin on 24 January. Mr Cowles said he expected the bank would make a final decision by the end of the first half. Bloomberg News reported in November that the firm was in discussions with BaFin about moving some of its London-based equity and interest-rate derivatives traders to Frankfurt. Citigroup is also in discussions with the ECB and regulators in EU nations including Ireland about relocating other parts of its operations. Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is scouting for office space in Frankfurt and Dublin for their enlarged EU hub, people with knowledge the matter said in February. The bank may initially move about 300 workers to one of the cities. Before the vote, Bloomberg News reported that the firm would likely move 1,000 of about 6,000 U.K. employees out of the country in the event of Brexit. Morgan Stanley president Colm Kelleher said the firm would likely move its local headquarters to Dublin or Frankfurt. Morgan Stanley executives said New York would likely be the big winner from Brexit as US firms would probably allocate headcount away from Europe altogether. Daiwa Daiwa Securities chief executive Takashi Hibino said the Japanese brokerage is considering Frankfurt and Dublin among candidate cities to host European operations it moves out of London. The firm, the majority of whose 450 European staff work in London, has yet to establish a licenced entity in the EU, and is running simulations with consultants. Lloyds Banking Group Lloyds plans to convert its Berlin branch into a subsidiary, making that its base inside the EU, a person with knowledge of the matter said last month. A small number of people would move from London. The bank has yet to apply for an extension of its German banking licence. Credit Suisse Credit Suisse is exploring options for expanding in Dublin after Brexit, two people with knowledge of their plans said in January. Chief Financial Officer David Mathers said in February that losing access to the EU would endanger 10 percent to 15 percent of income at its two U.K. subsidiaries, which have a revenue base of $4bn to $5bn. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Bank of China Bank of China is in talks with Irish officials about potentially moving some of its UK operations to the country after Brexit, Ireland’s Sunday Independent newspaper reported in January. Sumitomo Mitsui Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. is also eyeing moving some of its UK employees to Ireland and has held a series of meetings with local regulators, the Sunday Independent reported. Mitsubishi UFJ Japan’s biggest bank is increasing the size of its Amsterdam office, though the lender has yet to decide on where to base its securities operation after Brexit, Bloomberg reported earlier this month. Mizuho Mizuho Financial Group is considering Amsterdam and Dublin among potential locations to base its brokerage unit if it’s impacted by a “heavy Brexit,” President Yasuhiro Sato said in January. Mizuho changed the name of its Netherlands unit to Mizuho Bank Europe on Jan. 1, reflecting its role as a subsidiary overseeing a number of countries in the region, including Belgium, Austria and Spain. More about: Brexit Banks Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Brexit: What the biggest banks are planning once Theresa May begins EU departure Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners as finance firms shore up their plans to move operations from the UK Gavin Finch Tuesday 21 March 2017 13:24 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online In the rankings HSBC have fallen from 5th to 9th place, Barclays from 12th to 13th Getty Big investment banks will begin the process of moving some London-based operations into new hubs inside the EU within weeks after UK Prime Minister Theresa May set a date to trigger the formal mechanism for quitting the bloc. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners. Bank of America, Standard Chartered and Barclays are considering Ireland’s capital for their EU base to ensure continued access to the single market, said people familiar with the plans, asking not to be named because the plans aren’t public. Goldman Sachs and Citigroup are among banks eyeing Frankfurt, other people said. With banks increasingly expecting a so-called hard Brexit — the loss of their right to sell services freely around the EU from London — executives want to have new or expanded offices up and running inside the bloc before the UK departs in 2019. Frankfurt is a natural pick given a financial ecosystem featuring Deutsche Bank, the European Central Bank and BaFin. Dublin shares similar laws and regulations as its UK neighbour and is the only other English-speaking hub in the EU. Article 50: What will happen after it's triggered? Read more Bank bosses push for lower taxes and lighter regulation after Brexit May will file divorce papers to leave the EU on 29 March, launching two years of complex negotiations that will pit the UK’s need for a trade deal against the bloc’s view that Britain shouldn’t benefit from Brexit. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and 20,000 roles in financial services as clients move €1.8 trillion (£1.56 trillion) of assets out of the UK after Brexit, according to think tank Bruegel. Other estimates range from as much as 232,000 jobs to as few as 4,000. Bloomberg News conducted interviews and reviewed public statements to discover what each major bank is planning. Bank of America  Bank of America views Dublin as its default destination for a new EU hub if the UK loses easy access to the single market, one of the firm’s top executives in Germany said earlier this month. The bank will likely move some jobs to other cities across the region, including Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg and Amsterdam, said Nikolaus Naerger, Bank of America’s head of corporate banking in Germany, Switzerland and Austria. No final decisions have been made. “You’ve got to get your legal entity structure correct so you can operate in two different environments: one inside the U.K. and one outside,” Bank of America President Brian Moynihan said in Davos, Switzerland, in January. “We already have a lot of that structure set up. Then you have to start to think about where locations are.” Goldman Sachs The Wall Street firm is considering making Frankfurt its hub inside the EU and could move as many as 1,000 employees, including traders and senior managers, according to a person familiar with the matter. Chief executive Lloyd Blankfein has publicly said the bank has shelved plans to move more key operations to the UK. “We were on track to move more and more of our global activities, so global ops, global tech — all those things made more and more sense to operate out of the UK,” because of the time zone, Blankfein said in a Bloomberg interview in Davos. “Now, we’re slowing down that decision, and only moving there what we have to move there. We don’t value doing things twice; moving them there and then moving them away from there.” JPMorgan JPMorgan has scouted for office space in both Dublin and Frankfurt, people with knowledge of the matter said this month. Before the referendum, chief executive Jamie Dimon said as many as 4,000 of its 16,000 U.K. employees could be moved to the continent after Brexit. “We have to accommodate the laws of the land in both Britain and the EU, and that will determine how many jobs and how many people you have to move,” Dimon said in January. “It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for.” Brexit Concerns 26 show all Brexit Concerns 1/26 Brexit will put British patients at 'back of the queue' for new drugs Brexit will put British patients at the “back of the queue” for vital new drugs, the Government has been warned – forcing them to wait up to two years longer A medicines regulator has raised the alarm over a likely decision to pull out of the European Medicines Agency (EMA), as well as the EU itself. ealth Secretary Jeremy Hunt dropped the bombshell , when he said he expected the UK would quit the EMA – because it is subject to rulings by the European Court of Justice. Getty Images 2/26 London to lose status as 'gateway to Europe' for banks One of Germany’s top banking regulators has warned that London could lose its status as “gateway to Europe” for the banking sector after Britain quits the European trading bloc. Andreas Dombret, who is an executive board member for the Bundesbank—Germany’s central bank—told a private meeting of German businesses and banks earlier this week in Frankfurt that even if banking rules were “equivalent” between the UK and the rest of the EU, that was still “miles away from [Britain having] access to the single market”, the BBC reports. Jason Hawkes 3/26 Exodus The number of financial sector professionals in Britain and continental Europe looking for jobs in Ireland rocketed in the months after the UK voted to leave the European Union Shutterstock 4/26 Brexit is making FTSE 100 executives richer Pay packages of many FTSE 100 chief executive officers are partly tied to how well share prices are doing rather than the CEO’s performance -- and some stocks are soaring. ritish equities got a boost since the June vote because the likes of Rio Tinto, Smiths Group and WPP generate most sales abroad and earn a fortune when they convert these revenues back into the weakened pound. Sterling’s fall also made UK stocks more affordable for overseas investors. Rex 5/26 Theresa May: UK to leave single market Theresa May has said the UK "cannot possibly" remain within the European single market, as staying in it would mean "not leaving the EU at all". Getty 6/26 Lead campaigner Gina Miller and her team outside the High Court Getty 7/26 Raymond McCord holds up his newly issued Irish passport alongside his British passport outside the High Court in Belfast following a judges dismissal of the UK's first legal challenges to Brexit PA wire 8/26 SDLP leader Colum Eastwood leaving the High Court in Belfast following a judges dismissal of the UK's first legal challenges to Brexit PA wire 9/26 Migrants with luggage walk past a graffiti on a wall as they leave the 'Jungle' migrant camp, as part of a major three-day operation planned to clear the camp in Calais Getty 10/26 Migrants leave messages on their tents in the Jungle migrant camp Getty 11/26 The Adventist Development and Relief Agency (Adra) which distributes approximately 700 meals daily in the northern Paris camp states that it is noticing a spike in new migrant arrivals this week, potentially linked the the Calais 'jungle' camp closure - with around 1000 meals distributed today EPA 12/26 Migrant workers pick apples at Stocks Farm in Suckley, Britain Reuters 13/26 Many farmers across the country are voicing concerns that Brexit could be a dangerous step into the unknown for the farming industry Getty 14/26 Bank of England governor Mark Carney who said the long-term outlook for the UK economy is positive, but growth was slowing in the wake of the Brexit vote PA 15/26 The Dow Jones industrial average closed down over 600 points on the news with markets around the globe pluninging Getty 16/26 Immigration officers deal with each member of the public seeking entry into the United Kingdom but on average, 10 a day are refused entry at this London airport and between 2008 and 2009, 33,100 people were detained at the airport for mainly passport irregularities Getty 17/26 A number of global investment giants have threatened to move their European operations out of London if Brexit proves to have a negative impact on their businesses Getty 18/26 Following the possibility of a Brexit the UK would be released from its renewable energy targets under the EU Renewable Energy Directive and from EU state aid restrictions, potentially giving the government more freedom both in the design and phasing out of renewable energy support regimes Getty 19/26 A woman looking at a chart showing the drop in the pound (Sterling) against the US Dollar in London after Britain voted to leave the EU Getty 20/26 Young protesters outside the Houses of Parliament in Westminster, to protest against the United Kingdom's decision to leave the EU following the referendum Getty 21/26 Applications from Northern Ireland citizens for Irish Passports has soared to a record high after the UK Voted in favour of Leaving the EU Getty 22/26 NFU Vice President Minette Batters with Secretary of State, Andrea Leadsome at the National Farmers Union (NFU) took machinery, produce, farmers and staff to Westminster to encourage Members of Parliament to back British farming, post Brexit Getty 23/26 The latest reports released by the UK Cabinet Office warn that expats would lose a range of specific rights to live, to work and to access pensions, healthcare and public services. The same reports added that UK citizens abroad would not be able to assume that these rights will be guaranteed in the future Getty 24/26 A British resident living in Spain asks questions during an informative Brexit talk by the "Brexpats in Spain" group, about Spanish legal issues to become Spanish citizens, at the town hall in Benalmadena, Spain Reuters 25/26 The collapse of Great Britain appears to have been greatly exaggerated given the late summer crowds visiting city museums, hotels, and other important tourist attractions Getty 26/26 The U.K. should maintain European Union regulations covering everything from working hours to chemicals until after the government sets out its plans for Brexit, said British manufacturers anxious to avoid a policy vacuum and safeguard access to their biggest export market Getty UBS Chairman Axel Weber said this month that the bank will make a final decision on whether to move as many as 1,500 of about 5,000 UK investment banking staff soon after Brexit is triggered. “Yes, we will have to move bankers — we have an SE in Frankfurt, we have an appropriate setup in Spain,” Andrea Orcel, head of UBS’s investment bank, said in Davos, referring to the Swiss bank’s German subsidiary, which is licensed to do investment banking. “We still have flexibility to decide where to go, but we will definitely have to move.” HSBC HSBC chief executive Stuart Gulliver said in January that staff generating about 20 percent of its London investment-banking revenue may move to Paris, where it acquired a French commercial bank more than a decade ago. “Activities specifically covered by EU legislation will move,” he said. Before the June referendum, Gulliver said a Brexit vote would likely result in about 1,000 of the bank’s 5,000 London-based staff relocating to the French capital. Barclays The UK bank has settled on Dublin for its main hub inside the EU and is planning to add about 150 staff there, people with knowledge of the decision said earlier this year. Barclays chief executive Jes Staley has struck a different tone to other bank bosses. He said in Davos that it would be “very difficult” to dislodge a financial centre like London. If needed, Barclays may reassign its Frankfurt branch to its Irish subsidiary, he said. “Same people, same traders, you have to book a trade in Ireland as opposed to London, but that’s not a wholesale move of our capability from London to Ireland,” he said. Standard Chartered The bank approached Irish officials about making Dublin its legal base inside the EU, people familiar with the discussions said in December. No final decision has been taken, and the firm is also in talks with Germany’s regulator about choosing Frankfurt. Citigroup Citigroup is evaluating locations for parts of its London broker-dealer business, including Ireland, Spain, Italy, Germany, France, and the Netherlands, Jim Cowles, the bank’s top executive for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said at a conference in Dublin on 24 January. Mr Cowles said he expected the bank would make a final decision by the end of the first half. Bloomberg News reported in November that the firm was in discussions with BaFin about moving some of its London-based equity and interest-rate derivatives traders to Frankfurt. Citigroup is also in discussions with the ECB and regulators in EU nations including Ireland about relocating other parts of its operations. Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is scouting for office space in Frankfurt and Dublin for their enlarged EU hub, people with knowledge the matter said in February. The bank may initially move about 300 workers to one of the cities. Before the vote, Bloomberg News reported that the firm would likely move 1,000 of about 6,000 U.K. employees out of the country in the event of Brexit. Morgan Stanley president Colm Kelleher said the firm would likely move its local headquarters to Dublin or Frankfurt. Morgan Stanley executives said New York would likely be the big winner from Brexit as US firms would probably allocate headcount away from Europe altogether. Daiwa Daiwa Securities chief executive Takashi Hibino said the Japanese brokerage is considering Frankfurt and Dublin among candidate cities to host European operations it moves out of London. The firm, the majority of whose 450 European staff work in London, has yet to establish a licenced entity in the EU, and is running simulations with consultants. Lloyds Banking Group Lloyds plans to convert its Berlin branch into a subsidiary, making that its base inside the EU, a person with knowledge of the matter said last month. A small number of people would move from London. The bank has yet to apply for an extension of its German banking licence. Credit Suisse Credit Suisse is exploring options for expanding in Dublin after Brexit, two people with knowledge of their plans said in January. Chief Financial Officer David Mathers said in February that losing access to the EU would endanger 10 percent to 15 percent of income at its two U.K. subsidiaries, which have a revenue base of $4bn to $5bn. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Bank of China Bank of China is in talks with Irish officials about potentially moving some of its UK operations to the country after Brexit, Ireland’s Sunday Independent newspaper reported in January. Sumitomo Mitsui Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. is also eyeing moving some of its UK employees to Ireland and has held a series of meetings with local regulators, the Sunday Independent reported. Mitsubishi UFJ Japan’s biggest bank is increasing the size of its Amsterdam office, though the lender has yet to decide on where to base its securities operation after Brexit, Bloomberg reported earlier this month. Mizuho Mizuho Financial Group is considering Amsterdam and Dublin among potential locations to base its brokerage unit if it’s impacted by a “heavy Brexit,” President Yasuhiro Sato said in January. Mizuho changed the name of its Netherlands unit to Mizuho Bank Europe on Jan. 1, reflecting its role as a subsidiary overseeing a number of countries in the region, including Belgium, Austria and Spain. More about: Brexit Banks Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Penta An Upbeat View From JPMorgan's Private Bank Despite European jitters, new CEO says it's time for investors to come out from the bunker. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Kopin Tan Biography May 19, 2012 John Duffy, the new CEO of JPMorgan's U.S. Private Bank, is trying to help clients manage $530 billion of wealth at a time in history when they are desperately clinging to the comfort and transparency of cash, thanks to their still-tender scabs from the scandal-and-recession years. Duffy's approach is to argue, not unreasonably, that the world is a better place today than three years ago, when the wounds were first inflicted. "People's attitudes about investing have not kept pace with the improvement, because of this fly-wheel of troubling news that's in constant motion," Duffy tells Penta in his first press interview since becoming CEO of the U.S.' largest private bank in August of last year. "Investors are still too comfortable holding cash." Duffy's pitch probably became more complicated after JPMorgan produced its own unfortunate headline: a surprise $2 billion trading loss that has already claimed its chief investment officer. (Duffy does not report to the CIO's office; no assets of private bank clients were involved.) Still, when it comes to the big picture seen from the 31st floor over Park Avenue, the 51-year-old banker sees the moderate U.S. recovery enduring, our economy expanding at a roughly 2% pace while inflation remains benign. Corporate America's profits are still growing, albeit at a slower pace, as the glut of available homes slowly starts to shrink and the housing market comes out of its trough. Enlarge Image Close JPMorgan's John Duffy is telling clients to normalize portfolio risk. Brad Trent for Barron's The euro zone, which Duffy feels generates shriller headlines than it should, is going to muddle through its fiscal crisis, even if its constituents may look different years from now. Meanwhile, half the planet's growth is propelled by economies "developing" in name only -- 85% of emerging markets are now deemed investment-grade. These developing countries are in fact now extending credit to the more mature economies of the globe. Duffy comes to his new job with a firm grounding in the investment side of private banking He previously was vice chairman and ran the private bank's northeast investment business. He also sat on the private bank's investment strategy and investment review committees, as well as its executive committee. He succeeds Catherine Keating as CEO and now oversees what is by far America's largest private bank in assets. While it serves investors with $5 million and up, its heritage and stronghold is the ultrarich, with most accounts exceeding $25 million. Against Duffy's hopeful macro outlook, the suggestion that investors allocate 31% of their portfolio to public stocks may seem conservative (see table below for JPMorgan's balanced model portfolio). But Duffy quickly points out the model actually carries a roughly 70% exposure to risky assets; in this atypical recovery, investors might be better off spreading their risk commitments over many asset classes, like opportunistic private equity funds or hedge funds. Duffy also likes high-yield bonds that pay above core government bonds but have low corporate defaults and robust company earnings. Unfortunately, Duffy declines our request to drill down on specific picks -- he prefers to fly at 35,000 feet. Enlarge Image Close But he did explain how investors can benefit from "other people's mistakes." With European banks repairing their balance sheets forced to sell assets wholesale, private-equity firms are ideally positioned to swoop in and pick up choice carrion. For example, commercial mortgage-backed securities issued totaled just $30 billion last year -- a fraction of the pre-crisis $200 billion annual haul. As a result, the next five or six years will see hundreds of billions of real-estate debt coming due, and owners who can't refinance will be forced to liquidate. There comes a time when pricing is dictated not just by value, but by timing, Duffy says, and "those who have capital when debt is due are going to be dictating price." Private-equity funds could snag real estate at below replacement cost, a powerful incentive for private bank clients to move some cash into private equity before the play has passed. Sure, private equity is more illiquid than public stocks, but Duffy says investors can expect -- and should target -- returns at least five percentage points better than those offered by the Standard & Poor's 500. JPMorgan's largest allocation after stocks is a roughly 22% slug to hedge funds. "We get active risk management in that portion of the portfolio," he says, "and it mitigates for us any dependence on toggling back and forth between equities and bonds, since no one has great insight and consistent timing in getting that shift right." Hedge funds also offer exposure to targeted strategies. Duffy expects "event-driven" hedge funds that bet on mergers, spinoffs, buybacks, or other special situations to thrive -- given the record $1.2 trillion of cash in nonfinancial corporate coffers and the mounting pressure by activist investors to return some of that lucre to shareholders. "We don't know which companies are going to choose which avenue to return value to shareholders," he says. "But having an event-driven manager who is focused on these catalysts should benefit our clients." Duffy grew up in Park Slope, Brooklyn, before it was stylish to do so. He joined JPMorgan in 1982 and worked in corporate and investment banking before he joined the private bank. Today, the private bank has some 2,880 advisers globally managing $830 billion in client assets -- including $530 billion in the U.S. Duffy's teeth-pulling task with the bank's U.S. clients isn't unexpected in the aftermath of the financial crisis. "No one likes to lose money, and people's attitudes about that today are still heightened, three years later," he says. "But there comes a point when that attitude starts to cost investors." The problems: Artificially low interest rates that can't keep pace with inflation will quietly and insidiously erode clients' standards of living. On another front, JPMorgan is urging investors to huddle with their bank over the Bush-era tax cuts, which are likely to expire at the end of the year. That includes the lifetime gift-tax exemption of up to $5.1 million per person (or $10.2 million per couple) when property is gifted and transferred. It's a matter of time before taxes for everything from income to capital gains will rise dramatically from today's low thresholds. "If you own large liquid or illiquid positions, this is the year to ask yourself if you want to manage some of that tax-rate risk by liquidating some of those holdings" and paying the relatively low tax now. Duffy says investors should consider using credit lines to advance specific business goals, whether expanding a small entrepreneurial business, or scooping up distressed assets in an area of expertise. "It's critical to think just like a good corporate treasurer, and the beauty of borrowing right now is you can lock in low rates," while managing any potential rate hikes through swaps. His overseas plays were not particularly unusual. The growing middle class in China, India, and Brazil represent opportunity, since consumption in emerging markets is accelerating and accounts for 37% of the globe's total, while the U.S.'s has slid to 27% from 37% over the past two decades. This bodes well for "things that represent the convenience of life," from autos to electrical appliances like washers and dryers, stoves, refrigerators, and air-conditioning. He's bullish on energy infrastructure for both U.S. and foreign countries. Pundits are projecting some $33 trillion in energy spending over the next 15 years. Betting on commodities like oil can prove volatile, of course, but companies facilitating transmission or building pipelines should benefit from growing power consumption. He suggests scouring for companies or geographies that will benefit from productivity drives in the energy sector. "Better technology is going to allow both proven energy reserves to be mined more efficiently, as well as the exploration of previously unexplorable reserves," he says. Real estate? California and Florida might have the right address. "Commercial real estate will continue to be a good investment in both economies," he says. Another wave of innovation is coming out of Silicon Valley, while vacant residential towers in downtown Miami has attracted European and Latin American investors taking advantage of our weak dollar. No surprise, the private bank, seeing new money coming in, has expanded into both states over the past three years. As we are about to leave the light-filled conference room, Duffy reiterates his core point, making sure we got it. "Now's the time to normalize the risk in portfolios in order to leave behind what we think is becoming the substantial cost of owning cash."  E-mail: editors@barrons.com Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Barron's Penta 1. Passive and Active, All the Time 2. Ignore Fads, Invest in Themes 3. Don’t Delay Estate Planning, for the Sake of Your Heirs 4. Vacheron Constantin’s $1 Million Celestial Watch 5. Will 2017 Be a Choppy Year for Investors? Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing SAGE Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Pacira Pharmaceuticals (PCRX) Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.23 Per Share Traders Sell NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) on Strength on Insider Selling Enova International Inc (ENVA) VP John Higginson Sells 3,500 Shares Chase Co. (CCF) Insider Peter R. Chase Sells 500 Shares of Stock HPQ Silicon Resources Inc (HPQ) Insider Exploration Ltd. Fancamp Sells 100,000 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 40,000 Shares of Stock Napco Security Technologies Inc (NSSC) Insider Jorge Hevia Sells 15,000 Shares Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Insider Scott Roza Sells 3,545 Shares MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) VP David E. Dykstra Sells 5,353 Shares Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (SYKE) Insider David Pearson Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Five Below Inc (FIVE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS PVH Corp (PVH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Pacific Crest Initiates Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Lowered to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) CEO John L. Higgins Sells 4,000 Shares KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Major Shareholder David L. Hatcher Sells 9,000 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Posted by William Strong on Mar 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet SAGE Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:SAGE)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at Canaccord Genuity in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. Several other analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of SAGE Therapeutics in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. HC Wainwright cut SAGE Therapeutics from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $56.00 to $76.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised SAGE Therapeutics from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $84.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. BMO Capital Markets set a $68.00 price objective on SAGE Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Chardan Capital raised SAGE Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. SAGE Therapeutics has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $76.08. Shares of SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ:SAGE) traded down 6.99% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $63.77. 500,477 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $60.61 and a 200 day moving average of $50.81. The firm’s market capitalization is $2.38 billion. SAGE Therapeutics has a one year low of $26.28 and a one year high of $70.98. SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ:SAGE) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.50) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.17) by $0.33. On average, analysts forecast that SAGE Therapeutics will post ($6.83) EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: In other SAGE Therapeutics news, CFO Kimi Iguchi sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $53.92, for a total value of $539,200.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 5.60% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Fernwood Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at approximately $241,000. SG Americas Securities LLC acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at approximately $246,000. Sei Investments Co. increased its position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics by 2,336.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 5,702 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 5,468 shares during the period. Denver Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $338,000. Finally, Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $386,000. 99.92% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. SAGE Therapeutics Company Profile SAGE Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing and commercializing medicines to treat central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Its lead product candidate, SAGE-547 is an intravenous formulation of allopregnanolone, a neurosteroid that acts as a synaptic and extrasynaptic modulator of the GABAA receptor. Receive News & Ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cohen & Steers, Inc. (CNS) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Next » Workday Inc (WDAY) Insider Mark S. Peek Sells 22,222 Shares Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Race Horse Syndication Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana The Deal Sheet Managed FX Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Volatility is High in a Downward Trend By HEFFX Australia on March 21, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Volatility is High in a Downward Trend Overall, the bias in prices is: Sideways. Short term: Prices are stalling. Intermediate term: Prices are trending. The projected upper bound is: 90.54. The projected lower bound is: 84.29. The projected closing price is: 87.42. Candlesticks A big black candle occurred. This is bearish, as prices closed significantly lower than they opened. If the candle appears when prices are “high,” it may be the first sign of a top. If it occurs when prices are confronting an overhead resistance area (e.g., a moving average, trendline, or price resistance level), the long black candle adds credibility to the resistance. Similarly, if the candle appears as prices break below a support area, the long black candle confirms the failure of the support area. During the past 10 bars, there have been 2 white candles and 8 black candles for a net of 6 black candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 26 white candles and 24 black candles for a net of 2 white candles. Three black candles occurred in the last three days. Although these candles were not big enough to create three black crows, the steady downward pattern is bearish. Momentum Indicators Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators. Stochastic Oscillator One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 5.7851. This is an oversold reading. However, a signal is not generated until the Oscillator crosses above 20 The last signal was a buy 6 period(s) ago. Relative Strength Index (RSI) The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 35.48. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 13 period(s) ago. Commodity Channel Index (CCI) The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is -304.This is an oversold reading. However, a signal isn’t generated until the indicator crosses above -100. The last signal was a sell 11 period(s) ago. MACD The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a sell 10 period(s) ago. Rex Takasugi – TD Profile JPMORGAN CHASE closed down -2.680 at 87.390. Volume was 41% above average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 43% narrower than normal. Open High Low Close Volume___ 90.360 90.640 87.060 87.390 6,945,815 Technical Outlook Short Term: Oversold Intermediate Term: Bearish Long Term: Bullish Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period Close: 90.84 88.40 74.66 Volatility: 18 23 24 Volume: 4,454,088 4,364,958 4,611,668 Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon. Summary JPMORGAN CHASE is currently 17.1% above its 200-period moving average and is in an downward trend. Volatility is extremely high when compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. There is a good possibility that volatility will decrease and prices will stabilize in the near term. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of JPM.N at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bearish on JPM.N and have had this outlook for the last 0 periods.   JPMorgan Chase & Co, news, NYSE, nyse:jpm, outlook, shayne heffernan, trading JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Volatility is High in a Downward Trend added by HEFFX Australia on March 21, 2017 View all posts by HEFFX Australia → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts HEFFX Australia HEFFX has become one of Asia’s leading financial services companies with interests in Publishing, Private Equity, Capital Markets, Mining, Retail, Transport and Agriculture that span every continent of the world. Our clearing partners have unprecedented experience in Equities, Options, Forex and Commodities brokering, banking, physical metals dealing, floor brokering and trading. Latest posts by HEFFX Australia (see all) Amlak Finance (AMLK:DU) Heffx Trading Outlook - March 22, 2017 Mirvac Group (ASX:MGR) Stock Consolidating - March 22, 2017 Amcor Limited (ASX:AMC) Volatility is Low in an Upward Trend - March 22, 2017 Related posts: JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Upward Trend Over for the Time Being JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Buy on Dips Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (NYSE:VRX) Heffx Technical Analysis Aetna Inc (NYSE:AET) Heffx Trading Outlook Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Booking.com Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Asia Business Asset Management Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Managed FX Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana Race Horse Syndication The Deal Sheet Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe Investing Global Investor Global Investor TrendingBudget 2017 | NAFTA | RRSP | TFSA | Canadian dollar | Family Finance | Taxes Global banks the big winners in Canadian M&A push as companies, pension funds expand overseas pursuit John Tilak, Reuters | March 21, 2017 | Last Updated: Mar 21 4:21 PM ET More from Reuters Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon TORONTO — A push by Canadian companies and pension funds to aggressively pursue overseas acquisitions is helping global investment banks to win a bigger share of M&A advisory mandates and prompting once-dominant domestic rivals to beef up their international operations. Canada’s outbound M&A volume hit a record US$128 billion last year. Bankers expect the trend to continue as sluggish economic growth at home, and a highly concentrated market, make domestic M&A less appealing. Enbridge’s US$28-billion acquisition of U.S.-based Spectra, announced last year, was the biggest outbound deal ever by a Canadian company. Related Canada’s oilpatch is on the prowl for deals again after the long, dark years of the oil rout RBC leads the pack in Canadian capital markets that raised $389 billion in 2016 ‘It’s not luck finding a new mine’: As the world is increasingly explored, new mineral opportunities go far afield In two of the last three years, international banks grabbed four of the top five spots in the M&A advisory rankings, according to Thomson Reuters data. Their share of M&A advisory fees climbed to 47 per cent of total fees in 2016 from 35 per cent five years ago, estimates from Freeman & Co show. Morgan Stanley, Bank of America Corp, Barclays, RBC and JPMorgan rounded up the top five spots in M&A advisory in 2016, a shift from a decade ago when domestic banks dominated the top rankings. “There was a time when it was unusual for global banks to be in the top three for Canadian M&A advisory because M&A activity was dominated by domestic deals,” said Dougal Macdonald, head of Morgan Stanley Canada. “It’s now unusual if they aren’t because of the volume of cross-border deals.” Global investment banks have topped the M&A league tables rankings in each of the last three years, ending a nine-year winning streak for Canadian investment banks RBC, BMO and CIBC. RBC took the No. 1 spot six times in the last 20 years. Macdonald added that international banks benefit from better knowledge of the target; having staff on the ground; understanding of local laws; and the expertise to finance acquisitions in local currency. JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs were the No. 1 M&A advisers in 2015 and 2014, respectively. There was a time when it was unusual for global banks to be in the top three for Canadian M&A Robust share prices have made Canadian companies willing to strike overseas deals. “When you take the fact that many Canadian companies have strong currencies, have ready access to low-cost debt, and are feeling more confident about their sectors and prospects, M&A is clearly on the radar screen again in 2017,” said Trond Lossius, head of Canadian M&A at Barclays. Meanwhile, Canadian banks, which look to take advantage of deep relationships with Canadian clients, are expanding into global markets and strengthening some coverage areas. “We’re doing a number of things to capitalize on this trend,” said Mike Boyd, head of M&A at CIBC. In the past year, CIBC has added investment bankers to serve its pension fund and private equity clients, he said. Both RBC and BMO have more investment bankers in the United States than in Canada as a result of their recent expansion. TD is also boosting its U.S. capital markets unit. Moves such as BMO’s acquisition of U.S. M&A advisory firm Greene Holcomb Fisher last year can help Canadian banks establish niches, said Jeffrey Nassof, director at Freeman & Co. “The cross-border acquisitions space is an under-served market,” Nassof said. “There’s not a lot of firms that have global capabilities and local coverage of the middle market.” Canadian pension funds are among the world’s biggest dealmakers as they look at ways to put their capital to work. CPPIB bought 40 per cent of Glencore Plc’s agricultural unit in 2016 and GE Capital’s private equity lending portfolio for US$12 billion in 2015. “The universe of opportunities for them to deploy capital of scale is really outside of the borders,” said John Armstrong, head of Canadian M&A, BMO Capital Markets. “I don’t see that dynamic changing in the near future.” © Thomson Reuters Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Global Investor, Bank of America Corporation, Barclays Plc, BMO Capital Markets Corp., investment banking, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Mergers and Acquisitions Find a Story Stock Search Investing Videos Advertisement from Market One Media Business Trends Advertisement from Market One This story was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. Real time, unreal results Advertisement from Market One This story was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. PPX Mining taps into the gold potential in Peru Advertisement from Market One This story was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. Energy everywhere Advertisement from Market One This story was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. A new gold rush in the Americas Provided by Featured contributors Armina Ligaya Investing Reporter Read Armina's recent articles Jonathan Ratner Investing Reporter/Producer Read Jonathan's recent articles Joe Chidley Columnist Read Joe's recent articles Martin Pelletier Columnist Read Martin's recent articles Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 55° Share Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards By Ken Sweet / Associated Press Published: Tuesday, March 21st, 2017 at 1:40pm Updated: Tuesday, March 21st, 2017 at 4:32pm FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2016, file photo, a customer uses a Wells Fargo bank ATM in New York. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Wells Fargo announced plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. (AP Photo/Patrick Sison, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. “Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs,” said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. Advertisement Continue reading One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won’t work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase’s upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: ATM fees keep climbing, survey says – Sep 29, 2014 Banks testing tech to speed up transactions – Sep 16, 2015 Chase planning rollout of card-free ATMs – Jan 26, 2016 Big US banks will be rolling out ATMs that take smartphones, not cards – Feb 17, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest JPMorgan Chase names new head of business banking Morning Scan Feds finger North Korea in hack; Deutsche's next chief? U.S. banks brace for possible trade war with Mexico Fired lender group CEO says he was punished for whistleblowing Research Report Index of Banking Activity: February IBA at 58.0 search goes here JPMorgan Chase names new head of business banking By Kristin Broughton Published March 21 2017, 3:45pm EDT More in Commercial banking Commercial lending JPMorgan Chase Print Email Reprints Share Share on JPMorgan Chase on Tuesday named Andrew Kresse, a 10-year veteran of the company, as CEO of business banking. In his new role, Kresse will oversee a range of deposit, credit and cash management services for companies with up to roughly $20 million in annual revenue. He will report to Gordon Smith, the CEO of consumer and community banking at the New York company. Subscribe Now Access to authoritative analysis and perspective and our data-driven report series. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial No credit card required. Complete access to articles, breaking news and industry data. Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business Canadian bank headquarters stand on Bay Street in Toronto. (Brent Lewis/Bloomberg) Canadian bank headquarters stand on Bay Street in Toronto. (Brent Lewis/Bloomberg) Record outbound deal volume gives foreign banks upper hand Add to ... John Tilak TORONTO — Reuters Published Tuesday, Mar. 21, 2017 3:25PM EDT Last updated Tuesday, Mar. 21, 2017 3:25PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print A push by Canadian companies and pension funds to aggressively pursue overseas acquisitions is helping global investment banks to win a bigger share of M&A advisory mandates and prompting once-dominant domestic rivals to beef up their international operations. Canada’s outbound M&A volume hit a record $128-billion last year. Bankers expect the trend to continue as sluggish economic growth at home, and a highly-concentrated market, make domestic M&A less appealing. Enbridge’s $28-billion acquisition of U.S.-based Spectra, announced last year, was the biggest outbound deal ever by a Canadian company. In two of the last three years, international banks grabbed four of the top five spots in the M&A advisory rankings, according to Thomson Reuters data. Their share of M&A advisory fees climbed to 47 per cent of total fees in 2016 from 35 per cent five years ago, estimates from Freeman & Co show. Morgan Stanley, Bank of America Corp, Barclays, RBC and JPMorgan rounded up the top five spots in M&A advisory in 2016, a shift from a decade ago when domestic banks dominated the top rankings. “There was a time when it was unusual for global banks to be in the top three for Canadian M&A advisory because M&A activity was dominated by domestic deals,” said Dougal Macdonald, head of Morgan Stanley Canada. “It’s now unusual if they aren’t because of the volume of cross-border deals.” Global investment banks have topped the M&A league tables rankings in each of the last three years, ending a nine-year winning streak for Canadian investment banks RBC, BMO and CIBC. RBC took the No. 1 spot six times in the last 20 years. Macdonald added that international banks benefit from better knowledge of the target; having staff on the ground; understanding of local laws; and the expertise to finance acquisitions in local currency. JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs were the No. 1 M&A advisers in 2015 and 2014, respectively. Robust share prices have made Canadian companies willing to strike overseas deals. “When you take the fact that many Canadian companies have strong currencies, have ready access to low-cost debt, and are feeling more confident about their sectors and prospects, M&A is clearly on the radar screen again in 2017,” said Trond Lossius, head of Canadian M&A at Barclays. HOME ADVANTAGE Meanwhile, Canadian banks, which look to take advantage of deep relationships with Canadian clients, are expanding into global markets and strengthening some coverage areas. “We’re doing a number of things to capitalize on this trend,” said Mike Boyd, head of M&A at CIBC. In the past year, CIBC has added investment bankers to serve its pension fund and private equity clients, he said. Both RBC and BMO have more investment bankers in the United States than in Canada as a result of their recent expansion. TD is also boosting its U.S. capital markets unit. Moves such as BMO’s acquisition of U.S. M&A advisory firm Greene Holcomb Fisher last year can help Canadian banks establish niches, said Jeffrey Nassof, director at Freeman & Co. “The cross-border acquisitions space is an under-served market,” Nassof said. “There’s not a lot of firms that have global capabilities and local coverage of the middle market.” Canadian pension funds are among the world’s biggest dealmakers as they look at ways to put their capital to work. CPPIB bought 40 per cent of Glencore Plc’s agricultural unit in 2016 and GE Capital’s private equity lending portfolio for $12-billion in 2015. “The universe of opportunities for them to deploy capital of scale is really outside of the borders,” said John Armstrong, head of Canadian M&A, BMO Capital Markets. “I don’t see that dynamic changing in the near future.” Canadian banks are betting on a rebound in energy and mining deals to work in their favor, as they have been historically strong in those areas. “For the most part, the (energy) industry has got itself back on level footing and now people are looking to grow again,” said Peter Buzzi, co-head of Canadian M&A at RBC. “We’re quite optimistic in terms of the outlook for energy M&A.” Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Carbon price not behind Shell’s oil sands sale: McKenna (The Canadian Press)   JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$87.53 0.00 (0.00%) MS-NMorgan Stanley Latest Price$42.21 0.00 (0.00%) BAC-NBank of America Corp Latest Price$22.94 0.00 (0.00%) RY-TRoyal Bank of Canada Latest Price$95.21 0.00 (0.00%) Updated March 22 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Bay Street’s smallest dealers still under threat despite sunnier outlook BIG DEALS The big money bets on a building boom BIG DEALS Global buying spree persists – for now Topics Banking Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Globe Drive We experience many firsts driving the Ferrari-fast Tesla Model X News Opinion: John Ibbitson: Liberal budget touts innovation, but really offers nothing Report on Business Budget 'business as usual' says TD's chief economist Technology Apple unveils new iPad, updated iPhone News Raw video shows aftermath of two incidents near the British parliament News Rona Ambrose, Tom Mulcair slam federal budget News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station News PM May: London attacker was British born, known to intelligence services Life Amputee man adopts amputee dog News British MP gives account of incidents at U.K. parliament News Police make arrests in probe into UK parliament attack Life Baby Dominique, born with four legs, recovering from surgery ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Drive Ten great cars for the realities of city driving Report on Business Study shows the power of entrepreneurship training programs for women, minorities More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor There’s always a reason to sell stocks Arts Federal budget gives more money for arts, little sign of cultural policy review Most popular U.K. attacker was British-born man; eight others arrested 2017 federal budget highlights: 10 things you need to know March 23: Your daily horoscope Ten ways the 2017 federal budget will affect your personal finances Liberals defer major tax pledge in 2017 federal budget X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Esperion Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Esperion Therapeutics’ (ESPR) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by William Strong on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their hold rating on shares of Esperion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ESPR) in a research report sent to investors on Monday. Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on ESPR. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a sell rating and issued a $12.00 price objective on shares of Esperion Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a hold rating and issued a $15.00 price objective on shares of Esperion Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Needham & Company LLC reiterated a buy rating and issued a $25.00 price objective on shares of Esperion Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Zacks Investment Research cut Esperion Therapeutics from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Citigroup Inc upgraded Esperion Therapeutics from a neutral rating to a buy rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $14.00 to $39.00 in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $32.08. Shares of Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) traded down 2.86% on Monday, hitting $40.04. The company had a trading volume of 11,973,370 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $23.80 and its 200-day moving average price is $15.00. Esperion Therapeutics has a 52 week low of $9.40 and a 52 week high of $48.21. The stock’s market capitalization is $903.10 million. Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.29) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($1.24) by $0.05. During the same period last year, the firm posted ($0.58) earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Esperion Therapeutics will post ($6.04) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL bought a new position in Esperion Therapeutics during the third quarter worth $242,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 27.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 181,400 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,512,000 after buying an additional 39,239 shares in the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 0.6% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 14,437 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $200,000 after buying an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. BB Biotech AG increased its stake in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 29.7% in the third quarter. BB Biotech AG now owns 1,308,542 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $18,123,000 after buying an additional 300,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 54.9% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 40,220 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $504,000 after buying an additional 14,257 shares in the last quarter. 64.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Esperion Therapeutics Esperion Therapeutics, Inc is a lipid management company. The Company is a late-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing once-daily, oral therapies for the treatment of patients with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). With a targeted mechanism of action, bempedoic acid, the Company’s lead product candidate, is an orally available, once-daily adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-citrate lyase (ACL) inhibitor that reduces cholesterol biosynthesis and lowers elevated levels of LDL-C by up-regulating the LDL receptor, but with reduced potential for muscle-related side effects. Receive News & Ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Energy Focus Inc (EFOI) Given Hold Rating at FBR & Co Next » Commscope Holding Company Inc (COMM) Insider Marvin S. Edwards, Jr. Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Sainsbury (j) downgraded to Hold By Deutsche Analysts At Deutsche Upgraded Tesco (LON:TSCO) To Buy Deutsche Indicates Potential -3.39% Decrease In Shares Of Morrison (wm) Supermarkets Shares Of Informa (LON:INF) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Deutsche Shares Of Redrow (LON:RDW) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Canaccord Genuity Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Tue, Mar 21st, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Analysts At JP Morgan Indicated Pepsico, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) As Overweight Today analysts at JP Morgan indicated Pepsico, Inc.’s (NYSE:PEP) shares as ‘Overweight’ in a report released to investors. According to JP Morgans price target of 125 on the company’s stock this indicates the broker now believes there is an increase of 11.48% from Pepsico, Inc.’s current price of 112.13. In the last year Pepsico, Inc.’s stock price has increased by 13.65% from 98.66 to 112.13. The number of Pepsico, Inc. shares in issue is 1,427,214,000 which have a current share price of 112.13 bringing Pepsico, Inc.’s market capitalisation to 160.03B USD. The 52 week high of shares in Pepsico, Inc. is 112.31 while the 52 week low for the company’s shares is 98.5. The businesses 50 day moving average is 107.86 and its 200 day moving average is 105.68. PepsiCo, Inc. is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). The FLNA segment includes its branded food and snack businesses in the United States and Canada. The QFNA segment includes its cereal, rice, pasta and other branded food businesses in the United States and Canada. The NAB segment includes its beverage businesses in the United States and Canada. The Latin America segment includes its beverage, food and snack businesses in Latin America. The ESSA segment includes its beverage, food and snack businesses in Europe and Sub-Saharan Africa. The AMENA segment includes its beverage, food and snack businesses in Asia, Middle East and North Africa. More from Reuters » Receive Pepsico, Inc. News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pepsico, Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Sainsbury (j) downgraded to Hold By Deutsche Analysts At Deutsche Upgraded Tesco (LON:TSCO) To Buy Deutsche Indicates Potential -3.39% Decrease In Shares Of Morrison (wm) Supermarkets Shares Of Informa (LON:INF) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Deutsche Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Record outbound Canadian M&A gives foreign banks an upper hand Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Tue Mar 21, 2017 | 3:33pm EDT Record outbound Canadian M&A gives foreign banks an upper hand left right A combination photo shows Canadian investment banks RBC, CIBC, BMO, TD and Scotiabank in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren 1/2 left right A combination file photo shows international banks Morgan Stanley, Barclays, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Credit Suisse, Citigroup and Bank of America Merrill Lynch from Reuters archive. REUTERS/File photos 2/2 By John Tilak | TORONTO TORONTO A push by Canadian companies and pension funds to aggressively pursue overseas acquisitions is helping global investment banks to win a bigger share of M&A advisory mandates and prompting once-dominant domestic rivals to beef up their international operations. Canada's outbound M&A volume hit a record $128 billion last year. Bankers expect the trend to continue as sluggish economic growth at home, and a highly-concentrated market, make domestic M&A less appealing. Enbridge's (ENB.TO) $28-billion acquisition of U.S.-based Spectra, announced last year, was the biggest outbound deal ever by a Canadian company. In two of the last three years, international banks grabbed four of the top five spots in the M&A advisory rankings, according to Thomson Reuters data. Their share of M&A advisory fees climbed to 47 percent of total fees in 2016 from 35 percent five years ago, estimates from Freeman & Co show. Morgan Stanley (MS.N), Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), Barclays (BARC.L), RBC (RY.TO) and JPMorgan (JPM.N) rounded up the top five spots in M&A advisory in 2016, a shift from a decade ago when domestic banks dominated the top rankings. "There was a time when it was unusual for global banks to be in the top three for Canadian M&A advisory because M&A activity was dominated by domestic deals," said Dougal Macdonald, head of Morgan Stanley Canada. "It's now unusual if they aren't because of the volume of cross-border deals." Global investment banks have topped the M&A league tables rankings in each of the last three years, ending a nine-year winning streak for Canadian investment banks RBC, BMO (BMO.TO) and CIBC (CM.TO). RBC took the No. 1 spot six times in the last 20 years. Macdonald added that international banks benefit from better knowledge of the target; having staff on the ground; understanding of local laws; and the expertise to finance acquisitions in local currency. JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs (GS.N) were the No. 1 M&A advisers in 2015 and 2014, respectively. Robust share prices have made Canadian companies willing to strike overseas deals. "When you take the fact that many Canadian companies have strong currencies, have ready access to low-cost debt, and are feeling more confident about their sectors and prospects, M&A is clearly on the radar screen again in 2017," said Trond Lossius, head of Canadian M&A at Barclays. HOME ADVANTAGE Meanwhile, Canadian banks, which look to take advantage of deep relationships with Canadian clients, are expanding into global markets and strengthening some coverage areas. "We're doing a number of things to capitalize on this trend," said Mike Boyd, head of M&A at CIBC. In the past year, CIBC has added investment bankers to serve its pension fund and private equity clients, he said. Both RBC and BMO have more investment bankers in the United States than in Canada as a result of their recent expansion. TD (TD.TO) is also boosting its U.S. capital markets unit. Moves such as BMO's acquisition of U.S. M&A advisory firm Greene Holcomb Fisher last year can help Canadian banks establish niches, said Jeffrey Nassof, director at Freeman & Co. "The cross-border acquisitions space is an under-served market," Nassof said. "There's not a lot of firms that have global capabilities and local coverage of the middle market." Canadian pension funds are among the world's biggest dealmakers as they look at ways to put their capital to work. CPPIB bought 40 percent of Glencore Plc's (GLEN.L) agricultural unit in 2016 and GE Capital's private equity lending portfolio for $12 billion in 2015. "The universe of opportunities for them to deploy capital of scale is really outside of the borders," said John Armstrong, head of Canadian M&A, BMO Capital Markets. "I don't see that dynamic changing in the near future." Canadian banks are betting on a rebound in energy and mining deals to work in their favor, as they have been historically strong in those areas. "For the most part, the (energy) industry has got itself back on level footing and now people are looking to grow again," said Peter Buzzi, co-head of Canadian M&A at RBC. "We're quite optimistic in terms of the outlook for energy M&A." (Click here for a graphic on 'Canada outbound M&A' tmsnrt.rs/2mR7KVc) (Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Denny Thomas and Nick Zieminski) Next In Deals With Sears' future in doubt, vendors begin pulling back Suppliers to Sears Holdings Corp told Reuters they are doubling down on defensive measures, such as reducing shipments and asking for better payment terms, to protect against the risk of nonpayment as the company warned about its finances. Brazil scandal tests JBS, BRF push for overseas units IPOs SAO PAULO Brazil's two largest food processors are striving to restore confidence in their quality controls as they pursue plans to list overseas units after a scandal over alleged bribery of health officials that triggered bans on Brazilian meat exports. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Attack outside UK parliament Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad DEALTALK-Record outbound Canadian M&A gives foreign banks an upper hand By Reuters Published: 14:18 EDT, 21 March 2017 | Updated: 14:18 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail By John Tilak TORONTO, March 21 (Reuters) - A push by Canadian companies and pension funds to aggressively pursue overseas acquisitions is helping global investment banks to win a bigger share of M&amp;A advisory mandates and prompting once-dominant domestic rivals to beef up their international operations. Canada's outbound M&amp;A volume hit a record $128 billion last year. Bankers expect the trend to continue as sluggish economic growth at home, and a highly-concentrated market, make domestic M&amp;A less appealing. Enbridge's $28-billion acquisition of U.S.-based Spectra, announced last year, was the biggest outbound deal ever by a Canadian company. In two of the last three years, international banks grabbed four of the top five spots in the M&amp;A advisory rankings, according to Thomson Reuters data. Their share of M&amp;A advisory fees climbed to 47 percent of total fees in 2016 from 35 percent five years ago, estimates from Freeman &amp; Co show. Morgan Stanley, Bank of America Corp, Barclays, RBC and JPMorgan rounded up the top five spots in M&amp;A advisory in 2016, a shift from a decade ago when domestic banks dominated the top rankings. "There was a time when it was unusual for global banks to be in the top three for Canadian M&amp;A advisory because M&amp;A activity was dominated by domestic deals," said Dougal Macdonald, head of Morgan Stanley Canada. "It's now unusual if they aren't because of the volume of cross-border deals." Global investment banks have topped the M&amp;A league tables rankings in each of the last three years, ending a nine-year winning streak for Canadian investment banks RBC, BMO and CIBC. RBC took the No. 1 spot six times in the last 20 years. Macdonald added that international banks benefit from better knowledge of the target; having staff on the ground; understanding of local laws; and the expertise to finance acquisitions in local currency. JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs were the No. 1 M&amp;A advisers in 2015 and 2014, respectively. Robust share prices have made Canadian companies willing to strike overseas deals. "When you take the fact that many Canadian companies have strong currencies, have ready access to low-cost debt, and are feeling more confident about their sectors and prospects, M&amp;A is clearly on the radar screen again in 2017," said Trond Lossius, head of Canadian M&amp;A at Barclays. HOME ADVANTAGE Meanwhile, Canadian banks, which look to take advantage of deep relationships with Canadian clients, are expanding into global markets and strengthening some coverage areas. "We're doing a number of things to capitalize on this trend," said Mike Boyd, head of M&amp;A at CIBC. In the past year, CIBC has added investment bankers to serve its pension fund and private equity clients, he said. Both RBC and BMO have more investment bankers in the United States than in Canada as a result of their recent expansion. TD is also boosting its U.S. capital markets unit. Moves such as BMO's acquisition of U.S. M&amp;A advisory firm Greene Holcomb Fisher last year can help Canadian banks establish niches, said Jeffrey Nassof, director at Freeman &amp; Co. "The cross-border acquisitions space is an under-served market," Nassof said. "There's not a lot of firms that have global capabilities and local coverage of the middle market." Canadian pension funds are among the world's biggest dealmakers as they look at ways to put their capital to work. CPPIB bought 40 percent of Glencore Plc's agricultural unit in 2016 and GE Capital's private equity lending portfolio for $12 billion in 2015. "The universe of opportunities for them to deploy capital of scale is really outside of the borders," said John Armstrong, head of Canadian M&amp;A, BMO Capital Markets. "I don't see that dynamic changing in the near future." Canadian banks are betting on a rebound in energy and mining deals to work in their favor, as they have been historically strong in those areas. "For the most part, the (energy) industry has got itself back on level footing and now people are looking to grow again," said Peter Buzzi, co-head of Canadian M&amp;A at RBC. "We're quite optimistic in terms of the outlook for energy M&amp;A." (Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Denny Thomas and Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Monster Beverage Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monster Beverage Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Coverage Initiated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by William Strong on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Monster Beverage Co. (NDAQ:MNST) in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The firm set an “overweight” rating and a $56.00 price target on the stock. Monster Beverage (NDAQ:MNST) traded up 0.823% on Tuesday, hitting $47.185. The company had a trading volume of 831,990 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $26.74 billion and a PE ratio of 39.651. Monster Beverage has a one year low of $40.30 and a one year high of $55.50. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $44.36 and a 200-day moving average of $45.86. Your IP Address: Receive News & Ratings for Monster Beverage Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monster Beverage Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous BMO Capital Markets Downgrades Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) to Market Perform Next » Osisko gold royalties Ltd (OR) Director Sells C$76,600.00 in Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esperion Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FedEx Co. (FDX) Position Held by American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) PT Lowered to $25.00 at Barclays PLC BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Upgraded to “Buy” at Deutsche Bank AG DA Davidson Initiates Coverage on Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Credit Suisse Group AG Boosts Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Price Target to $35.00 Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Barclays PLC Entergy Co. (ETR) Lifted to “Outperform” at Wells Fargo & Co Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Downgraded by Boenning Scattergood Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Rating Increased to Positive at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) Rating Increased to Outperform at Macquarie East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Lowered to “Underperform” at Citigroup Inc SRS Capital Advisors Inc. Takes Position in U.S. Bancorp (USB) CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Stake Raised by Two Sigma Investments LP ConocoPhillips (COP) Shares Bought by STA Wealth Management LLC Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Invests $277,000 in KB Home (KBH) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Reduces Stake in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $3,733,000 Stake in Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Huntsman Co. (HUN) Position Cut by Guggenheim Capital LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 375,801 Shares of Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) AQR Capital Management LLC Raises Position in HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given a $39.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Esperion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ESPR) has been assigned a $39.00 price target by stock analysts at Citigroup Inc in a research note issued to investors on Monday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Citigroup Inc’s price objective would suggest a potential downside of 4.99% from the stock’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also commented on ESPR. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price target on Esperion Therapeutics from $22.00 to $50.00 in a research note on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Esperion Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Needham & Company LLC lifted their target price on Esperion Therapeutics from $25.00 to $58.00 and gave the company a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Monday. Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded Esperion Therapeutics from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $45.00 target price on shares of Esperion Therapeutics in a research note on Monday. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $32.08. Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) traded down 3.74% during trading on Monday, reaching $39.68. 10,225,424 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average of $23.80 and a 200 day moving average of $15.00. The firm’s market cap is $894.98 million. Esperion Therapeutics has a one year low of $9.40 and a one year high of $48.21. Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.29) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($1.24) by $0.05. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.58) earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Esperion Therapeutics will post ($6.04) EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL acquired a new stake in shares of Esperion Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at $242,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 27.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 181,400 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,512,000 after buying an additional 39,239 shares in the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 0.6% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 14,437 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $200,000 after buying an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. BB Biotech AG increased its stake in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 29.7% in the third quarter. BB Biotech AG now owns 1,308,542 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $18,123,000 after buying an additional 300,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 54.9% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 40,220 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $504,000 after buying an additional 14,257 shares in the last quarter. 64.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Esperion Therapeutics Esperion Therapeutics, Inc is a lipid management company. The Company is a late-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing once-daily, oral therapies for the treatment of patients with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). With a targeted mechanism of action, bempedoic acid, the Company’s lead product candidate, is an orally available, once-daily adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-citrate lyase (ACL) inhibitor that reduces cholesterol biosynthesis and lowers elevated levels of LDL-C by up-regulating the LDL receptor, but with reduced potential for muscle-related side effects. Receive News & Ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Trading Down 9% Following Weak Earnings Traders Buy Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) on Weakness After Analyst Downgrade First Trust Intrmdt Drtn Prfrd & Incm Fd (FPF) Plans $0.16 Monthly Dividend Morgan Stanley (MS) Upgraded to “Hold” by Vetr Inc. March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr upgraded shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note released on Monday morning. Vetr currently has $43.48 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other equities analysts also recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Compass Point began coverage on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a neutral rating and a $46.00 target price on the stock. Macquarie reissued an outperform rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Morgan Stanley from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Daiwa Capital Markets raised shares of Morgan Stanley from a hold rating to an outperform rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Fourteen analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seventeen have given a buy rating to the company. Morgan Stanley presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $39.59. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) traded down 3.52% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $43.02. 4,732,522 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $80.28 billion, a PE ratio of 14.73 and a beta of 1.80. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $45.44 and its 200-day moving average is $39.39. Morgan Stanley has a 12-month low of $23.11 and a 12-month high of $47.33. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.81 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.16. Morgan Stanley had a net margin of 15.76% and a return on equity of 8.48%. The business had revenue of $9 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.51 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.43 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Morgan Stanley will post $3.39 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: In other news, President Thomas Colm Kelleher sold 182,027 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.82, for a total value of $7,976,423.14. Following the transaction, the president now directly owns 836,809 shares in the company, valued at $36,668,970.38. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Eric F. Grossman sold 17,562 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.14, for a total transaction of $740,062.68. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 242,100 shares in the company, valued at $10,202,094. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 506,897 shares of company stock worth $21,781,793 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of MS. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in Morgan Stanley by 13.8% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 527,900 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $13,715,000 after buying an additional 64,200 shares during the last quarter. LGT Capital Partners LTD. boosted its position in Morgan Stanley by 6.3% in the third quarter. LGT Capital Partners LTD. now owns 366,460 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $11,749,000 after buying an additional 21,800 shares during the last quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund boosted its position in Morgan Stanley by 26.6% in the third quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund now owns 317,512 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $10,179,000 after buying an additional 66,715 shares during the last quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Morgan Stanley by 656.9% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 2,350,035 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $75,342,000 after buying an additional 2,039,560 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Creative Planning boosted its position in Morgan Stanley by 24.9% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 85,708 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,748,000 after buying an additional 17,103 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 85.87% of the company’s stock. About Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
English Deutsch Français Italiano English - India Español Português 日本語 СРПСКИ Hrvatski Български МАКЕДОНСКИ 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski Subscribe E-PAPER Products Voices of Read Russia Russian Hockey Players Guide Russian Start-ups 30under30 World Business Politics & Society Education Science & Tech Defense Opinion Arts & Living People Movies Events Literature Music Theater History Russian Kitchen Travel Sport Multimedia David Rockefeller: Making friends in Russia March 21, 2017 Alexey Timofeychev, RBTH American billionaire David Rockefeller, who has died aged 101, pushed for a strengthening of economic relations between the U.S. and USSR. But Rockefeller also had a purely practical interest in Russia - to use the Eastern Bloc to extend the reach of his Chase Bank (now JPMorgan Chase). Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Related Kremlin: Rumors Trump election team had contacts with Russia not serious Test: Will you be able to survive in a post-apocalyptic Russia? Who is trying to turn Russia and Israel against each other? Tags obituaries, u.s.-russia relations, RBTH Daily David Rockefeller. / Photo: Getty Images David Rockefeller is well known for his contacts with politicians around the world. He is believed to have personally met over 200 leaders of at least 100 countries. Add this to Rockefeller's participation in the secretive Bilderberg Group, his founding of the Trilateral Commission, and chairmanship of the Council on Foreign Relations for 15 years, and there’s fertile ground for speculation that the billionaire was involved in some kind of shadowy world government. But his relations with the Soviet Union show what Rockefeller, a member of one of the richest American families, really sought. Rockefeller, one of the heirs to the wealth of the founder of the Standard Oil empire, was in contact with Soviet leaders during the 1960s and 70s. During this time he became the head of one of the biggest American banks - Chase Manhattan. In his memoirs, Rockefeller says that in order for the bank to grow internationally it was necessary to learn to interact with regimes which were "opposed to democratic principles and to the operation of the free market" but which dominated much of the world. The billionaire regarded the USSR as one such regime. He succeeded in establishing relations with Soviet leaders and Chase became the first American bank to open a representative office in the Soviet Union. Dartmouth Conferences The Chase representative office opened in 1973 in the very center of the Soviet capital. Before this, Rockefeller had been meeting with representatives of the Soviet public and USSR state officials regularly over 10 years, and their meetings took place in the format of so-called  Dartmouth Conferences that were first organized in the U.S. and USSR at the initiative of President Dwight D. Eisenhower. They were intended to encourage cooperation between the two superpowers during the Cold War. American banker and philanthropist David Rockefeller. / Photo: Getty Images Tough conversation with Khrushchev The idea of Rockefeller meeting Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev came from UN Secretary General U Thant, according to the billionaire's memoirs. The meeting took place in 1964 when Rockefeller came to Leningrad to take part in one of the first Dartmouth Conferences. Khrushchev invited the billionaire and his daughter to visit the Moscow Kremlin. According to Rockefeller, the meeting with Khrushchev was unusual - "tough, at times combative, even hostile". Rockefeller reproached Khrushchev for using local Communist parties to effect regime change in various countries of Latin America and Asia. The Soviet leader responded, not without irritation, that revolutions are born for objective reasons and not as a result of outside interference from anyone. Despite the harsh words spoken during their conversation, Rockefeller left the Kremlin "feeling a great respect for Khrushchev" and with the thought that the "Soviet leadership wanted to expand financial and commercial ties with the United States". Congress a hindrance to normalization Rockefeller was in favor of a normalization of relations between the U.S. and USSR, according to Academician Georgy Arbatov, the organizer of the Dartmouth Conferences on the Soviet side, writing in his book Hawks and Doves of the Cold War. The Soviet academic referred to his American opposite number as a modest, cultured man with swift reactions and a sharp mind. In the words of Rockefeller himself, the billionaire belonged to a small group of American bankers who wanted to expand trade with Moscow and its Eastern European satellites, believing that favorable "political consequences" would follow from the development of trading contacts. The billionaire himself complained that this was in large measure hampered by the adoption of the Jackson-Vanik Amendment by Congress in 1974, which imposed a ban on granting the USSR most-favoured nation status in trade. Chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers Alexei Kosygin (right) meeting in the Kremlin U.S. banker David Rockefeller (left). / Photo: Yuriy Ivanov/RIA Novosti During the 1970s, Rockefeller traveled to the USSR almost every year and met Prime Minister Alexei Kosygin several times. The banker noted his government's economic achievements. Rockefeller was struck most of all by the Moscow Metro at that time: "The Moscow subway system was a marvel - modern, clean, comfortable, and cheap." Kosygin wanted economic contacts between the two countries to be broadened, proposing steps that seem revolutionary even by today's standards. In his memoirs Rockefeller mentions the Soviet premier's idea that the American side could finance the construction of nuclear power stations in the USSR, which would be jointly owned by the U.S. and USSR. Gorbachev and ruble convertibility Rockefeller also met Mikhail Gorbachev and was acutely struck by his charm and easy manner. At the meeting, the banker asked the final leader of the Soviet Union how he planned to "open up" the Soviet economy and whether the ruble would become convertible. But the billionaire received no answer then from the new leader. General Secretary of the CPSU Central Committee Mikhail Gorbachev, left, and committee co-chairman David Rockefeller. Reception of the representatives of the Trilateral Commission during their USSR visit. / Photo: Vyacheslav Runov/RIA Novosti The banker met Gorbachev a number of times, including in 1992 after the collapse of the USSR. A few years earlier Rockefeller had met Boris Yeltsin. The future Russian president visited the U.S. for the first time in 1989 and addressed the Council on Foreign Relations. This was followed by a dinner presided over by the American banker. Lev Sukhanov, who was adviser to the first president of Russia, recalls that Rockefeller made his personal jet available to Yeltsin to fly across the U.S. Rockefeller visited post-Soviet Russia in 2003. The aim of the visit was reported to be the launch of a Russian-language edition of his memoirs. Read more: Depicting Americans through the lens of Russian cinema Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Multimedia Russia: Tips, Tricks and Travel on suburban trains Your opinion Where do you think Russian cars can compete with foreign cars abroad? News 4:37 PM March 23, 2017 Kremlin dismisses as absurd claims about ‘Russian connection’ in Voronenkov 4:21 PM March 23, 2017 Russia calls Voronenkov's murder in Kiev ‘staged incident’ 2:56 PM March 23, 2017 Kremlin: Rumors Trump election team had contacts with Russia not serious 12:19 PM March 23, 2017 NATO highlights importance of contacts with Russia ‘when tensions are high’ 11:55 AM March 23, 2017 Russia’s FSB cuts off weapons supplies from U.S. via postal services 6:38 PM March 22, 2017 Kiev's decision to ban Samoilova disappoints European Broadcasting Union 5:54 PM March 22, 2017 Foreign Ministry slams Kiev’s decision to deny entry to Russian Eurovision 5:09 PM March 22, 2017 Russia’s Eurovision contestant banned from entering Ukraine for 3 years 4:26 PM March 22, 2017 Russia paid off the final segment of its Soviet-era debt 4:22 PM March 22, 2017 Europe and U.S. await renowned Russian conductor News from idealmedia.com Business Calendar 29 March — 30 March ‘Arctic: Territory of Dialogue’ International Arctic Forum Read more  Culture calendar 1 April The Big Stand-up Show in Moscow 27 March — 31 March XVII International festival Triumph of Jazz in Moscow and St. Petersburg 26 March 2017 Russian Art Film Festival in New York 23 March — 7 May 2017 Russian American History Month in New York 11 February — 17 April Exhibition in the UK: 'Revolution: Russian Art 1917–1932' Read more  About us Team Partners Advertising Contacts Careers Privacy policy RBTH Network: English Deutsch Français Italiano English - India Español Português 日本語 中文 Српски Hrvatski Български Македонски 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski © Russia Beyond The Headlines a global media project sponsored by: Autonomous Nonprofit Organization "TV-Novosti", 2017. All rights reserved.  Back to top + Like us on Facebook
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Advanced Energy Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Advanced Energy Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Barclays PLC Upgrades Bunzl plc (BNZL) to Overweight Analysts Set Summit Materials Inc (SUM) Target Price at $25.00 Tegna Inc (TGNA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Toro Co (TTC) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages 48,677 Shares in Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $2,158,000 in Kennametal Inc. (KMT) 49,606 Shares in Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. 105,454 Shares in K2M Group Holdings Inc (KTWO) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $1,142,000 Stake in Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $1,108,000 Position in Unit Co. (UNT) Northwest Natural Gas Co (NWN) Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Shares Bought by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Raises Stake in Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) Insider Selling: Catalent Inc (CTLT) Insider Sells $2,112,699.78 in Stock Robert Kelly Ortberg Sells 18,850 Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Stock Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Qualys Inc (QLYS) Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Wolseley plc (WOSYY) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Whitbread (WTBCY) to Sell Good Energy Group Plc (GOOD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Investec Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky cut its stake in shares of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:AEIS) by 8.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 16,100 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,400 shares during the period. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky’s holdings in Advanced Energy Industries were worth $881,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AEIS. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Advanced Energy Industries by 7.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,745,285 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,907,000 after buying an additional 186,358 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in Advanced Energy Industries by 3.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,014,603 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48,011,000 after buying an additional 33,946 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in Advanced Energy Industries by 4.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 919,386 shares of the company’s stock valued at $50,332,000 after buying an additional 41,776 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Advanced Energy Industries by 0.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 814,995 shares of the company’s stock valued at $38,565,000 after buying an additional 3,243 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in Advanced Energy Industries by 13.6% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 585,193 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,691,000 after buying an additional 69,930 shares in the last quarter. 94.15% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:AEIS) opened at 69.78 on Tuesday. The company has a market capitalization of $2.77 billion, a PE ratio of 21.93 and a beta of 1.07. Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. has a 52 week low of $31.76 and a 52 week high of $70.15. The company has a 50-day moving average of $62.71 and a 200-day moving average of $53.88. Advanced Energy Industries (NASDAQ:AEIS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The company reported $1.06 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.25. Advanced Energy Industries had a net margin of 26.35% and a return on equity of 34.94%. The business had revenue of $135.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $131.14 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.32 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 55.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. will post $3.58 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: AEIS has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Dougherty & Co increased their price target on shares of Advanced Energy Industries from $54.00 to $66.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Needham & Company LLC raised their target price on shares of Advanced Energy Industries from $65.00 to $70.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Advanced Energy Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $64.00 target price on the stock in a report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised their target price on shares of Advanced Energy Industries from $66.00 to $74.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $58.67. In related news, Director Thomas M. Rohrs sold 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.86, for a total transaction of $219,440.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 1.33% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Advanced Energy Industries Advanced Energy Industries, Inc is a provider of engineered, precision power conversion, measurement and control solutions. The Company is engaged in designing, manufacturing, selling and supporting its power conversion products and solutions that transform power into various forms in various applications ranging from manufacturing and industrial processes to instrumentation, and test and measurement. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AEIS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:AEIS). Receive News & Ratings for Advanced Energy Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Advanced Energy Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Continues to Hold Position in Flowserve Corp (FLS) Next » Biogen Inc (BIIB) Shares Bought by Forbes J M & Co. LLP Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition March 24 The New Alamo Photos: Choking Down the Air in Delhi Visual Artist Julian Opie Is Heading East The New Alamo View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out U.S. Donald Trump, West Palm Beach and the Rise of the New Wall Street By Leah McGrath Goodman On 3/21/17 at 8:30 AM 03/31/17 In the Magazine Trump listens to the Palm Beach Central High School Band as they play at his arrival at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Florida, on February 5. Once known as a major stop on America’s ‘cocaine highway,’ West Palm Beach is quickly turning into a new center of money and power. Susan Walsh/AP U.S. Donald Trump Florida Wall Street Close The night I flew into West Palm Beach, a string of deadly tornadoes ripped across Florida. High winds pounded surf against jagged coastline and whipsawed the 100-foot-tall trees along Royal Palm Way—what locals call Bankers’ Row. It was just a few days after Donald Trump’s inauguration. A couple of miles down the road, seemingly oblivious to the approaching storm, hundreds of revelers packed Mar-a-Lago, the Great Gatsby–esque private resort Trump has dubbed his “Winter White House,” to fete their new king. The private event, attended by Palm Beach’s billionaires, entrepreneurs and socialites, featured dinner and dancing, a replay of Trump’s swearing-in ceremony and a mammoth ice sculpture of the American flag with “President Trump” emblazoned on the base in red. In such rarefied circles, it’s not unusual to bump into people who spent their childhoods riding around in limos with their nannies, and, in their retirement years, put off a spouse’s funeral so they could enjoy the last days of what Palm Beachers call “the Season”—roughly four months of epic winter bashes and galas that run from late November to early April every year. When the parties end, Palm Beach island’s population promptly shrinks from 30,000 to 10,000. Trump’s party occurred at the height of this season, but one of the president’s neighbors, real estate magnate and billionaire Jeff Greene, did not attend. “He’s a very good host. I have to give him credit,” says Greene, who knows Trump casually and is a member of Mar-a-Lago. “But I don’t agree with his politics. I think some of the things he did to get himself elected paved the way for much more dangerous rhetoric in our country.” A golf course on the west lawn of the Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Davidoff Studios/Getty Greene did not vote for Trump. Nor did the majority of Palm Beach County, but many of its residents are benefiting from his presence. Trump’s ascension has created one of the world’s greatest concentrations of global wealth and power right in their backyard. And that shift could mean a massive change in fortunes, not just for the superrich families who have made their homes in Palm Beach over the past century—the Fords, DuPonts, Rothschilds, Pulitzers and Lauders—but also for the area’s long-overlooked middle class. Even before Trump became president, what was once a sleepy patch of Florida regional banks at the foot of Mar-a-Lago was coalescing into a financial center. Over the past few years, the area has attracted more than 60 hedge funds (some say well over a 100), dozens of private equity companies and hundreds of family offices—not to mention a rising number of larger banks like Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs. These are not just picayune satellite offices. Banks and billion-dollar hedge funds are swallowing up entire building complexes and blocks of commercial real estate, prompting residents to christen the area “the new Wall Street.” Meanwhile, some of Trump’s trusted advisers and supporters have also flocked to the area. Anthony Scaramucci, founder of the $12 billion fund SkyBridge Capital, opened offices in Palm Beach Gardens two years ago. (This year, he agreed to sell the company after being named to the executive committee of Trump’s transition team in November.) Billionaire hedge fund manager Paul Tudor Jones, who says he's counting on Trump's support to save the Florida Everglades, bought the former estate of Ron Perelman in Palm Beach for $71 million in 2015. Carl Icahn, another hedge fund billionaire, whom Trump appointed to his transition team, is a part-time resident of Palm Beach who has an estate near Mar-a-Lago. And senior members of Team Trump have homes nearby as well, including Cabinet members Wilbur Ross, the secretary of commerce; Ben Carson, secretary of housing and urban development; Betsy DeVos, education secretary; and Gary Cohn, who left Goldman Sachs to head Trump’s National Economic Council. Palm Beach County has long been a magnet for old-guard wealth—most of it is confined to the “island,” a slim, 30-mile spit that, since Victorian times, has attracted dozens of billionaires, who have built their mansions along its northern tip. Part of the attraction: Florida has not had a state income tax since 1855. But the hype surrounding Trump’s victory is prompting a new influx of financial companies. “A lot of people who previously thought, I think I’ll move to Florida, let’s go to Miami, are now taking a look at Palm Beach,” says Greene. “Because you turn on the TV and you don’t see Trump in the White House. You see him here.” Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife Akie Abe at dinner with Trump and his wife Melania at Mar-a-Lago. Carlos Barria/Reuters More to the point, you see him kibitzing with the world’s foreign leaders, dignitaries and billionaires. In fact, before Trump took office and before he began meeting with presidents and prime ministers at his Palm Beach resort—even before Americans started seeing members of Mar-a-Lago on Facebook posing casually with the nuclear football—Trump’s transition team was already calling the White House in Washington, D.C., “White House North.” Planes, Cranes and Red Carpet Tours Trump’s Palm Beach island has long been the aristocratic oasis to West Palm Beach’s grittier, skyscraper-and-cement landscape—the two narrowly separated by only a small drawbridge spanning the Atlantic’s Intracoastal Waterway. A 1936 issue of Fortune still hanging in one West Palm Beach restaurant describes the city’s inhabitants as existing “chiefly to serve Palm Beach [and] carry the bags and service the cars and wash the linen of the rich who live across the water.” But it is West Palm Beach, the county seat, that stands to benefit most from Trump’s draw. Once a major stop on America’s “cocaine highway,” West Palm Beach has better growth prospects and just as frothy a jobs market as New York City. As a result, the region has seen a flood of people in recent months coming to look for jobs, housing and office space. According to a recent study commissioned by the city of West Palm Beach from business consultancy Alpern Rosenthal, an average of 2,000 new residents are relocating to Palm Beach County every month. As of March, the city had more than $2 billion of real estate construction in the pipeline, says Chris Roog, the city’s director of economic development. The city’s skyline is filled with cranes. Offices, apartments and public transit hubs are sprouting up. West Palm Beach’s planners are overrun with blueprints for new developments, including several from Greene, who is investing hundreds of millions of dollars to build office and residential towers throughout the city, as well as micro-units downtown for millennials. (He’s hoping to charge around $1,000 a month for a 400-square-foot unit—less than what many pay now.) Greene has also opened a private school in West Palm Beach for the city’s gifted children, featuring robotics, “mindfulness rooms” and computer coding classes for kids 3 years and up. Since Trump’s victory, the boom has only accelerated. Just as Trump was preparing to head to Mar-a-Lago to celebrate Christmas with his family, West Palm Beach unveiled its Flagler Financial District—a narrow slice of upscale office properties overlooking the Intracoastal Waterway and its flotillas of mega-yachts. Covering half a square mile at the base of the drawbridge leading to Bankers’ Row, the center is named for Henry Flagler, a founder of Standard Oil and the architect of the island’s gilded age. Revelers line up to enter Trump's New Year's Eve party on December 31, 2016 at Mar-a-Lago. Don Emmert/AFP/Getty “We are now very short on class-A office space,” says West Palm Beach Mayor Jeri Muoio, sporting red nails, glittering diamond rings and a leopard-print top. She tells Newsweek that, since December, the city has been actively courting Wall Street executives with an ad campaign in New York’s tri-state area, urging them to move south. West Palm Beach also just finalized a package of generous incentives that, over 10 years, will offer property tax breaks for companies bringing in new jobs—especially high-paying ones. While many of the financial companies coming to Palm Beach County—often to discreetly cater to the needs of its ultra-wealthy families—aren’t very keen to talk about it, real estate outfit Cushman & Wakefield is tracking the trend. In January, it released data showing that “aggressive hikes” in rents across the region haven’t discouraged the phalanx of financial companies moving in. These businesses scarfed up hundreds of thousands of square feet of commercial space last year, it said, even as rents leapt by more than 21 percent. “It’s no longer God’s waiting room in southern Florida anymore,” says Mark Pateman, managing principal at C&W. “People are coming down here with their families and settling here permanently. Maybe they bring their own company, or maybe they’ve had a capital event and trade their own money.” Just weeks after Trump clinched the presidency, the Milken Institute’s Center for Jobs and Human Capital released its best-performing cities survey, which ranked the overall financial growth of West Palm Beach’s metro area above those of New York City and Boston, as well as the nation’s dominant hedge fund district, Greenwich, Connecticut. (Over the next decade, the number of jobs in the city is expected to skyrocket as much as 40 percent, led by finance and high tech.) The think tank also noted that wage growth in Palm Beach County since the Great Recession has topped that of New York’s metropolitan area, still the finance capital of the world—at least for now. “You can get everything here, except for snow skiing,” says Greene. Joseph Jacobs, president of Wexford Capital, a $3 billion private equity company, is one of Palm Beach’s recent Wall Street transplants. He says relocating to the Flagler District was “frictionless,” and Wexford enjoyed one of its best-performing years since the move. What he doesn’t miss about New York or Greenwich, he says, are the crowds, the lengthy commutes and the freezing weather. “When you’re here, there’s a lot less noise,” he notes. “And there’s less stress. You get more done. Why on earth would you live in New York or Connecticut when you could wake up here every day?” Jacobs still has a 12-acre spread in Greenwich but says the property values there are plummeting. “The trends are increasingly favorable here,” he says. “The trends are just not that favorable anymore in the Northeast.” Travel is also staggeringly easy in West Palm Beach. Its international airport is only 10 to 15 minutes from downtown. Emily Clifford, executive director at J.P. Morgan Private Bank, situated along Bankers’ Row, says it’s one of Palm Beach’s biggest perks. “I can be on a 6 a.m. flight out in the morning, in New York by 10:30 a.m. for meetings, spend the day there and be back in my bed that night.” And this summer, West Palm Beach will offer a high-speed express train connecting the city’s downtown to Fort Lauderdale and Miami. In 2018, the line will also reach Orlando. The trip from West Palm to Miami—Florida’s other major financial center—will take just an hour. Billionaire Jeff Greene and his wife Mei Sze Chan attend the 58th International Red Cross Ball at Mar-a-Lago on February 28, 2015. Greene did not vote for Trump, nor did the majority of Palm Beach County. Capehart/Getty For many of Palm Beach’s transplants, nothing beats the zero state income tax. If you're lucky enough to make a $1 million a year, that's an automatic income bump of $100,000 if you just left New York—or like getting a decent-sized raise no matter how much you make. Capital gains, estate and corporate taxes are also far lower in Florida than in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts and Connecticut, according to the recent study by Alpern Rosenthal. The state is basically a giant tax shelter: The higher your earnings, the more you stand to keep when you move south. Which is why so many 1 percenters are heading to Florida, says Kelly Smallridge, president and chief executive of Palm Beach County’s business development board in West Palm Beach. At any given time, Smallridge says, she’s advising around a dozen or more ultra-wealthy families looking to move south, while fielding hundreds of phone calls a month from people interested in doing the same. Wexford Capital’s Jacobs was among those Smallridge helped settle into the area full time—although he says he’s spent time in Palm Beach since the 1980s. Jacobs says while some of his Wexford’s portfolio managers are still working from Greenwich, many of his senior staffers have moved to Palm Beach, and he expects more will follow. “This is no longer just a seasonal community,” he says. “There’s a larger subset of people moving down here from up north than ever before. And it’s not just the hype over Trump. A lot of it is being driven by technology. People are so much more mobile today. You don’t have to live in New York to be competitive in finance anymore. So why live there if you don’t want to?” Power Brokers in Sandals On a Tuesday in late January, at the new Hilton hotel in West Palm Beach, I met with Andrew Schneider, 43, the founder and chief executive of Family Office Networks, a financial company that pairs wealthy families with hedge funds, bankers and startups looking to raise cash. In the darkened lobby bar, I watched him hold a series of Shark Tank –style pitch sessions with young entrepreneurs touting new applications for blockchain technology and, later, a physician looking for investments in breakthrough cancer research. “I think of myself as a matchmaker, introducing family offices to people who bring us investment opportunities,” says the native New Yorker, who now lives in Palm Beach year-round. When not arranging deals for what he says is his network of around 10,000 high-net-worth families who run private investment offices, he likes to scuba dive and spend time on his boat. “The quality of life is so much better,” he says. Palm Beach’s power brokers ink deals in bars, restaurants and coffee shops. They hash out financial terms and sometimes even sign contracts in the cocktail lounge over highballs and martinis. In my 20 years covering Wall Street, I have never seen so many deals get done in front of me—and with such insouciance—as I did during my week in Palm Beach. One of the main reasons a younger, more entrepreneurial crowd is coming to the area is because the scene is so ideal for fundraising, says David Goodboy, founder of the Palm Beach Hedge Fund Association (and another Wall Street escapee). “Hedge funds follow the money, and the money is moving here,” he tells Newsweek. “Because the community is so small, there’s really very little anonymity. You have unprecedented access to investors and opportunities to meet new clients.” When SkyBridge Capital moved to Palm Beach, its chief investment officer, Ray Nolte, said one of the biggest motivating factors was the fact that South Florida “is one of the top regions from which we are raising assets.” Smallridge credits the increase in fundraising opportunities to the fact that the CEOs, presidents and chairmen coming to West Palm Beach are not just using it as a vacation spot anymore but bringing their companies with them, creating “a very high concentration of top brass in one place.” Senior advisor Stephen Miller, left, Senior Counselor Steve Bannon, center, and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus board Air Force One to accompany Trump to Tampa on February 6. Carlos Barria/Reuters That’s been true for Michael Falk, the chairman and managing partner of $2.5 billion private equity company Comvest, also based in West Palm Beach. Falk says that when he first moved to the area from New York 15 years ago, only five members of Comvest relocated with him. “Now 90 percent of our staff, about 70 people, are based here,” he says. “It’s a tight-knit community, good for philanthropy and good for socializing.” Palm Beach’s social scene similarly makes it much easier to raise funds there than up north, notes Kevin Bush, a hedge fund manager who voted for Trump and opened an office in Delray Beach in November. Not just because there’s a higher concentration of wealthy people but because they are much more relaxed. “It’s a rare place, because everyone is so rich,” he says. “I travel back and forth to New York every single month raising money, and my experience is, the environment here affects how people act. People go to meetings in Palm Beach sometimes wearing sandals. They’re approachable. When you’re walking through midtown Manhattan in a suit, your guard is up. It’s less formal here, and that’s usually better.” What’s not better is the traffic. “When I drive from my house to my office on South Ocean Boulevard,” Greene says, “I get stuck behind cars going very slowly by Mar-a-Lago with the video cameras.” Roog, the economic development director—a former Trump valet who once drove the mogul’s purple Lamborghini—says it’s the same for the city. When the president touches down at West Palm Beach International Airport, it’s mayhem. “Here’s how it goes,” Roog says. “Trump lands. He gets out of the plane. He gets into a private car. And then it’s full-on speeding as fast as possible to Mar-a-Lago. They change the traffic lights so they stay on green all the way. But it wreaks havoc on the traffic. And there are reporters, protesters, cops. People taking pictures on the tarmac with Air Force One.” The Big Man in the Brioni Suit Not long after I arrived in Florida, I attended a private party for the launch of a rare book shop on Palm Beach’s glamorous Worth Avenue—the Rodeo Drive of the south. Artists, entrepreneurs and hedge funders sipped champagne while listening to opera singers harmonize against violins. High-end collectors leafed through first-edition books from the shop’s wide selection of Wall Street classics, such as The Road to Serfdom and Reminiscences of a Stock Operator. The crowd had every bit of the financial firepower of an exclusive Wall Street event. And not surprisingly, many of them knew Trump or had frequented Mar-a-Lago. Ron Burkhardt, an artist who recently moved to Palm Beach from the Hamptons (and has slept in Mar-a-Lago’s Lincoln Bedroom—yes, the Winter White House also has one), says Trump’s victory put Palm Beach “back on the map” for the first time since the Kennedys sold their home here in the mid-’90s. “This is kind of the center of the universe now,” he says. “It’s like the whole world has their eyes on us.” That’s certainly been true over the past few months, as the world watched Trump scramble to respond in February to North Korea’s launch of a ballistic missile into the Sea of Japan as he dined with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at Mar-a-Lago. Or in early March, when the president repaired for the weekend to his Palm Beach resort, only to begin accusing his predecessor, Barack Obama, of wiretapping his phone at Manhattan’s Trump Tower during his presidential campaign. Supporters line Trump's motorcade route near Mar-a-Lago on March 4. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Despite some embarrassing moments, few can deny that the buzz surrounding Trump has raised Palm Beach’s profile. “The Trump presidency has opened a lot of doors for us,” says Family Office Networks’s Schneider, also a Trump voter. “It’s no longer just a place of generational wealth. He’s turned it into a political scene.” In March, Trump announced plans to host China’s president at Mar-a-Lago—an event that will be easy enough for the club’s visitors to witness, take pictures of or even participate in, if Trump dines on the open-air terrace. And although he’s commander in chief, Trump’s club members say he’s still quick to mingle and preen with his guests, whether at Mar-a-Lago or his swanky golf club in West Palm Beach. Greene, who recently took his mother to dinner for her 90th birthday weekend at Trump’s golf club, says they ran into him. And he was still obsessing about the election. “During the cake, he was clapping in the back,” Greene says. “And then walking out, he said to my mother, ‘You’re not 90! You’re 70. Come on!’ He was trying to be friendly in a cute and nice way. And then he said, ‘Hope you’re upset with your son for not supporting me!’” Ashley Cooper, a former Wall Street banker who once worked for the Trump Organization as executive vice president and managed its golf properties before Trump became president (he’s also a Trump voter), says he believes his ex-boss is well intentioned. “I think what drives him is…he’s not doing it for the money anymore. He’s motivated by winning. He wants to be the best president America has ever had. He wants to lead a nationwide economic revitalization. He truly believes there was a massive part of America that was lost due to politics. And he’s the guy in the Brioni suit who’s reaching out to them.” While Trump’s presence is certainly benefiting West Palm Beach, unlike Greene, he hasn’t personally invested in the city for decades. Still, there are relics of his halcyon days. One evening, while on my way to an interview, I passed a set of older residential towers along West Palm Beach’s Flagler Drive: Trump Plaza, the high-rise condos the president was forced to liquidate in the 1990s to pay off his debts. They’re a stark reminder of just how far Trump—and the city—have come. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion © 2017 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe March 17 Issue How the 'Green Book' Saved Black Lives on the Road What Trump Can Push Through Congress Kim Jong Un and the Looming Nuclear Crisis March 10 Issue Life Inside Alabama's Sadistic Christian Bootcamp Restaurant Review: Facebook’s Full Circle Cafe How Donald Trump Is Fueling ISIS March 03 Issue The Case of the Missing ‘Knight Rider’ Cars Peter Thiel Will Pay You to Drop Out of College The Race to Save Jewish Heritage in the Middle East February 24 Issue The New Offensive on Alzheimer’s Disease Manzanar, a History Lesson for Trump's Extreme Vetting The Scorecard That Makes it Easier to Fight Ebola Browse Archives
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HDFC Bank Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HDFC Bank Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Masco Corp (MAS) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Upgraded at Wunderlich Essilor International SA (ESLOY) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG M/I Homes Inc (MHO) Downgraded by FBN Securities M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (MDC) Downgraded by FBN Securities Weir Group (WEIGF) Upgraded at Barclays PLC Five9 Inc (FIVN) Upgraded at Pacific Crest Zalando Se (ZLNDY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for CUI Global Inc (CUI) Wedbush Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Fate Therapeutics Inc (FATE) Marinus Pharmaceuticals Inc (MRNS) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Innocoll Holdings PLC (INNL) Downgraded by Stifel Nicolaus KeyCorp Weighs in on Callon Petroleum Company’s Q1 2018 Earnings (CPE) Brokers Set Expectations for Asure Software Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (ASUR) Zacks: ORIENT O/SEAS INTL (OROVY) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: STRAUMANN HLDG CHF0.10 (SAUHF) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts FireEye Inc (FEYE) Rating Increased to Buy at Bank of America Corp Wedbush Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Finish Line Inc (FINL) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Conviction-Buy” Rating for NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Morgan Stanley Downgrades HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) to Equal Weight March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet HDFC Bank Limited (NYSE:HDB) was downgraded by stock analysts at Morgan Stanley from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report released on Tuesday. A number of other brokerages have also issued reports on HDB. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of HDFC Bank Limited from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $81.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Nomura lowered shares of HDFC Bank Limited from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. HDFC Bank Limited (NYSE:HDB) opened at 74.21 on Tuesday. HDFC Bank Limited has a 52-week low of $57.55 and a 52-week high of $74.40. The company has a market cap of $377.82 billion, a PE ratio of 184.83 and a beta of 1.14. The company has a 50-day moving average of $71.39 and a 200 day moving average of $68.55. Your IP Address: Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in HDFC Bank Limited by 2.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,660,481 shares of the company’s stock valued at $982,052,000 after buying an additional 286,407 shares in the last quarter. WCM Investment Management CA increased its position in shares of HDFC Bank Limited by 12.8% in the third quarter. WCM Investment Management CA now owns 6,312,387 shares of the company’s stock valued at $453,798,000 after buying an additional 715,548 shares during the last quarter. CAM Group Holding A S increased its position in shares of HDFC Bank Limited by 16.7% in the third quarter. CAM Group Holding A S now owns 2,611,955 shares of the company’s stock valued at $187,774,000 after buying an additional 374,500 shares during the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp increased its position in shares of HDFC Bank Limited by 7.6% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 2,456,357 shares of the company’s stock valued at $149,050,000 after buying an additional 172,796 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Johnston Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of HDFC Bank Limited by 61.0% in the third quarter. Johnston Asset Management LLC now owns 2,278,806 shares of the company’s stock valued at $163,823,000 after buying an additional 863,370 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 18.16% of the company’s stock. About HDFC Bank Limited HDFC Bank Limited (the Bank) is a holding company. The Bank offers a range of banking services covering commercial and investment banking on the wholesale side and transactional/branch banking on the retail side. It also offers financial services. The Bank’s segments include Treasury, Retail banking, Wholesale banking and Other banking business. Receive News & Ratings for HDFC Bank Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HDFC Bank Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Friday 24th March, 2017 Menu Home Europe News Breaking Business News Sports News Weather Network Volume No. 083/2017 China Begins Opening Up $9 Trillion Bond Market VOA - Tuesday 21st March, 2017 China has suffered some serious loss of capital because of uncontrolled outflows and a recent decline in its foreign direct investments, which saw a drop of 9.2 percent in January. The country also suffered its first trade deficit in three years last month. To overcome the situation, Beijing recently allowed overseas investors to hedge their currency risks at the local derivative market. This partially opened the doors to foreign players who saw currency risk as a major deterrent in the Chinese bond market. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang threw in a sweetener in mid-February, saying the government would launch a trial program to connect the bond market in mainland China with Hong Kong, which is the base of operations for a large number of foreign investors. The bond connect will make it easier for Hong Kong-based investors to access domestic Chinese instruments without leaving the city. 'I see that as a part of China of becoming a major player and becoming an important destination for financial investors, ' Lourdes Casanova, Director of Emerging Markets Institute at Cornell University's SC Johnson School of Management, said. International currency This move is also meant to promote the use of RMB as an international currency. "These efforts indicate that China wants to assert its economic, business and financial power with all the inherent advantages and risks," Casanova said. The past few weeks have seen Bloomberg Barclays become the first major index provider to include Chinese yuan bonds in its global offerings. Citigroup has announced plans to embed China bonds into its bond market benchmark WGBI-Extended. JPMorgan Chase and Co., another index maker, said it is evaluating the entry of China markets into its JPMorgan Global Emerging Market Bond Index. This is not surprising because the RMB, or the Chinese yuan, is now part of the International Monetary Fund's coveted special drawing-rights basket. "There are global investors who wish to shadow the IMF SDR basket, and needs RMB exposure," Kirkegaard said. At present, foreign investments account for just about $120 billion, or 1.33 percent, of China's bond market. But the situation is expected to change soon as investment banks and index makers have started the process of measuring steps before entering the market in a big way. Given China's role as the second-biggest economy, it is natural for Chinese investors to want Chinese bonds in their portfolio, Casanova said. In fact, foreign investors face fewer challenges in China's bond market compared to what they are up to in other emerging markets, she said. 'Yes, there are many doubts, there are many doubts in many countries. I am European, I am from Spain, there are doubts about the viability of the euro. In the U.S. there are other types of worries," she said adding, "That's why also for the international investors, China is not as risky as it used to be.' Casanova said, "The risk of default is minimal given the amount of Chinese reserves and the risk related to currency swings are also much less than, let's say, Argentina, which has been issuing debt recently.' Doubts and challenges But foreign investors will have to tread carefully because it is not easy to seriously analyze credit risk in China where the markets are not transparent and there is not much information available about issuers and major buyers of debt instruments, he said. "Their [foreign investors'] willingness to invest will be dependent on the implicit government guarantee against default... foreign investors won't be able to seriously analyze credit risk in China," he said. Casanova sees the situation differently. She points out there are risks in most markets across the globe, and international investors will choose what suits them best. Share article: Watch latest videos Subscribe and Follow Get a daily dose of Northern Ireland News news through our daily email, its complimentary and keeps you fully up to date with world and business news as well. Subscribe Now News RELEASES Publish news of your business, community or sports group, personnel appointments, major event and more by submitting a news release to Northern Ireland News.More Information Europe News Section {{item.TITLE}} {{item.DESC | limitTo:100}} Sports News Section {{item.TITLE}} {{item.DESC | limitTo:100}} Movie Review -By James Kendrick The jungle book 2016 Jon Favreau’s The Jungle Book is being described as a live-action updating of Disney’s 1967 classic animated film, and that description is both testament to how well the film works and how thoroughly blurred the divide between the “real” and the computer-generated has become...Read More Featured story Brexit and bread: An inflation-busting tariff expected if deal is not struck DUBLIN, Ireland - The milling industry has warned that Brexit could add an extra 10 cents on the price of a loaf in Ireland. This, the industry pointed out was because about 80 percent of the flour used in the Republic for baked goods and other products comes from the U.K.Read More About us Europe News Breaking Business News Sports News Weather Network Privacy Policy Archives (c) Copyright 2017 Northern Ireland News. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Windstream Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) in a report released on Wednesday. The firm issued a neutral rating and a $7.00 target price on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Windstream Holdings from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Deutsche Bank AG dropped their price objective on shares of Windstream Holdings from $8.50 to $7.00 and set a hold rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC raised shares of Windstream Holdings from an underperform rating to a hold rating and set a $7.50 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $7.67. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) opened at 6.37 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $7.17 and a 200-day moving average price of $7.93. Windstream Holdings has a 12-month low of $5.86 and a 12-month high of $10.45. The firm’s market capitalization is $619.72 million. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($0.94) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.63) by $0.31. The business had revenue of $1.31 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.34 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.41 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 8.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Windstream Holdings will post ($1.00) earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, February 24th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 24th were paid a $0.095 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, February 28th. This represents a $0.38 annualized dividend and a yield of 5.97%. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Windstream Holdings by 40.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,361,411 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,782,000 after buying an additional 975,870 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Windstream Holdings by 23.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 4,577,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,554,000 after buying an additional 868,400 shares during the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its stake in Windstream Holdings by 2,297.8% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 834,741 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,119,000 after buying an additional 799,928 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Windstream Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,596,000. Finally, State Street Corp boosted its stake in Windstream Holdings by 12.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,174,588 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,936,000 after buying an additional 241,378 shares during the last quarter. Receive News & Ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing EQT Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) Position Reduced by Federated Investors Inc. PA Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Federated Investors Inc. PA cut its stake in shares of EQT Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:EQM) by 50.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 10,000 shares of the company’s stock after selling 10,000 shares during the period. Federated Investors Inc. PA’s holdings in EQT Midstream Partners were worth $767,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in EQM. Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in EQT Midstream Partners by 14.0% in the third quarter. Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC now owns 22,436 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,711,000 after buying an additional 2,751 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its stake in EQT Midstream Partners by 43.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 226,416 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,251,000 after buying an additional 69,110 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in EQT Midstream Partners by 3.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 913,542 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,603,000 after buying an additional 31,029 shares during the last quarter. Conning Inc. increased its stake in EQT Midstream Partners by 0.7% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 38,658 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,945,000 after buying an additional 278 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Endurance Wealth Management Inc. increased its stake in EQT Midstream Partners by 6.5% in the third quarter. Endurance Wealth Management Inc. now owns 41,139 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,173,000 after buying an additional 2,500 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 72.60% of the company’s stock. Shares of EQT Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:EQM) opened at 77.62 on Tuesday. EQT Midstream Partners LP has a one year low of $69.15 and a one year high of $82.99. The firm has a market capitalization of $6.25 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.90 and a beta of 0.91. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $79.45 and its 200 day moving average price is $76.30. EQT Midstream Partners (NYSE:EQM) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.31 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.34 by $0.03. EQT Midstream Partners had a net margin of 67.66% and a return on equity of 26.15%. The firm earned $195.01 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $191.84 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.26 EPS. EQT Midstream Partners’s revenue was up 14.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that EQT Midstream Partners LP will post $5.44 EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: EQM has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised EQT Midstream Partners from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $82.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Janney Montgomery Scott initiated coverage on EQT Midstream Partners in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $97.00 price objective for the company. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $98.00 price objective on shares of EQT Midstream Partners in a report on Friday. Morgan Stanley raised EQT Midstream Partners from an “equal weight” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $87.00 to $89.00 in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Scotiabank reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $92.00 price objective on shares of EQT Midstream Partners in a report on Monday, February 6th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. EQT Midstream Partners presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $90.00. EQT Midstream Partners Company Profile EQT Midstream Partners, LP (EQM) owns, operates, acquires and develops midstream assets in the Appalachian Basin. The Company’s segments include Gathering and Transmission. The Gathering segment primarily includes high pressure gathering lines and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC)-regulated low pressure gathering system. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EQM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EQT Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:EQM). Receive News & Ratings for EQT Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Navigators Group Inc (NAVG) Stake Increased by Federated Investors Inc. PA Next » Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Stake Decreased by Federated Investors Inc. PA Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RWE AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Air Canada (AC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Howden Joinery Group Plc’s (HWDN) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Keras Resources PLC (KRS) Given “Corporate” Rating at Northland Securities IQE plc (IQE) Price Target Increased to GBX 69 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Franks International NV’s (FI) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Trevena Inc (TRVN) Earns Buy Rating from Cowen and Company Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Given New $140.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Price Target Increased to $16.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Brokers Issue Forecasts for Fate Therapeutics Inc’s FY2021 Earnings (FATE) Qualys Inc (QLYS) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Insider Purchases C$25,800.00 in Stock Incyte Co. (INCY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts RWE AG (RWE) Given a €14.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €14.00 ($15.05) target price on RWE AG (FRA:RWE) in a report issued on Wednesday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also issued reports on RWE. Barclays PLC set a €13.10 ($14.09) target price on RWE AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Nord/LB set a €17.00 ($18.28) target price on RWE AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €13.50 ($14.52) target price on RWE AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday, March 10th. Independent Research GmbH set a €15.70 ($16.88) target price on RWE AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €16.50 ($17.74) target price on RWE AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €15.17 ($16.31). RWE AG (FRA:RWE) opened at 14.656 on Wednesday. RWE AG has a 12-month low of €10.55 and a 12-month high of €16.45. The stock’s market cap is €6.51 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of €13.38 and a 200 day moving average of €13.17. Your IP Address: About RWE AG RWE AG is a Germany-based electricity and gas company. It diversifies its activities into seven divisions: Germany, which consists of the Power Generation and Sales and Distribution Networks business area; Netherlands/Belgium; Great Britain; The Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe; Renewables; Upstream Gas and Oil, and Trading/Gas Midstream. Receive News & Ratings for RWE AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Stake in GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Raises Stake in Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) State Street Corp Purchases 4,778 Shares of Cimpress NV (CMPR) State Street Corp Raises Position in Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Position Increased by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Purchases 1,370 Shares of Ebix Inc (EBIX) Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Position Raised by Comerica Bank Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corindus Vascular Robotics Inc (CVRS) Issued By B. Riley Lonmin Plc (LMI) Given New GBX 150 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Aviva plc (AV) PT Raised to GBX 589 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comerica Bank Has $1,393,000 Stake in Halyard Health Inc (HYH) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 461,486 Harmonic Inc (HLIT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 125,763 Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Stephen Sadler Sells 26,500 Shares of Enghouse Systems Limited (ENGH) Stock Brokerages Set Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) PT at $3,348.30 Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €193.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €193.00 ($207.53) price target on Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. VOW3 has been the topic of a number of other reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €193.00 ($207.53) price objective on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Berenberg Bank set a €98.00 ($105.38) price objective on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Citigroup Inc reissued a buy rating on shares of Volkswagen AG in a research note on Wednesday, November 23rd. Barclays PLC set a €168.00 ($180.65) price objective on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Finally, DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a sell rating on shares of Volkswagen AG in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €145.54 ($156.49). Shares of Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) opened at 137.198 on Wednesday. Volkswagen AG has a one year low of €101.34 and a one year high of €156.32. The company has a 50-day moving average of €142.76 and a 200 day moving average of €131.40. The stock has a market cap of €81.41 billion and a PE ratio of 13.398. Your IP Address: Volkswagen AG Company Profile Volkswagen AG is a Germany-based automobile manufacturer. It operates through two segments: Automotive and Financial Services. The Automotive segment comprises the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, light commercial vehicles, trucks, buses and motorcycles, as well as spare parts, diesel engines, turbo-machinery, special gear units, propulsion components and testing systems. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inditex SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inditex SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Stake in GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Raises Stake in Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) State Street Corp Purchases 4,778 Shares of Cimpress NV (CMPR) State Street Corp Raises Position in Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Position Increased by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Purchases 1,370 Shares of Ebix Inc (EBIX) Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Position Raised by Comerica Bank Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corindus Vascular Robotics Inc (CVRS) Issued By B. Riley Lonmin Plc (LMI) Given New GBX 150 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Aviva plc (AV) PT Raised to GBX 589 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comerica Bank Has $1,393,000 Stake in Halyard Health Inc (HYH) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 461,486 Harmonic Inc (HLIT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 125,763 Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Stephen Sadler Sells 26,500 Shares of Enghouse Systems Limited (ENGH) Stock Brokerages Set Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) PT at $3,348.30 Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €36.00 Price Target for Inditex SA (ITX) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €36.00 ($38.71) target price on Inditex SA (BME:ITX) in a research note published on Thursday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other analysts have also issued reports on ITX. Morgan Stanley set a €29.50 ($31.72) target price on Inditex SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. BNP Paribas set a €36.00 ($38.71) target price on Inditex SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €37.00 ($39.78) target price on Inditex SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. S&P Global set a €35.00 ($37.63) target price on Inditex SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €40.00 ($43.01) target price on Inditex SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of €36.85 ($39.62). Your IP Address: Inditex SA Company Profile Industria de Diseno Textil SA, known as Inditex SA, is a Spain-based company primarily engaged in the textile industry. The Company’s activities include the design, confection, manufacturing, distribution and retail of men, women and children apparel, footwear and fashion accessories, as well as home furnishings and household textile products. Receive News & Ratings for Inditex SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inditex SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) CDK Global Inc (CDK) Shares Sold by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Kathleen M. Mahoney Sells 1,828 Shares of SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Stock André Gaumond Sells 5,000 Shares of Osisko gold royalties Ltd (OR) Stock Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Receives $26.91 Average Price Target from Brokerages March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN) has been assigned an average rating of “Hold” from the twenty-nine research firms that are covering the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12 month target price among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $26.91. Several research firms have commented on PTEN. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price target for the company in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Guggenheim lowered shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 price target on shares of Patterson-UTI Energy in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Stephens raised shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the company from $14.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Van ECK Associates Corp raised its stake in Patterson-UTI Energy by 33.6% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 8,545,470 shares of the company’s stock valued at $230,044,000 after buying an additional 2,151,132 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Patterson-UTI Energy by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,789,528 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,512,000 after buying an additional 205,298 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Patterson-UTI Energy by 14.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,610,679 shares of the company’s stock valued at $125,511,000 after buying an additional 727,827 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in Patterson-UTI Energy by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 4,141,885 shares of the company’s stock valued at $111,502,000 after buying an additional 53,727 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC raised its stake in Patterson-UTI Energy by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 3,343,100 shares of the company’s stock valued at $89,996,000 after buying an additional 27,400 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 98.84% of the company’s stock. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) opened at 25.37 on Thursday. Patterson-UTI Energy has a 12-month low of $16.06 and a 12-month high of $29.76. The stock’s market cap is $3.72 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of $27.29 and a 200-day moving average of $24.91. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported ($0.53) EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.54) by $0.01. The business earned $247 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $228.83 million. Patterson-UTI Energy had a negative net margin of 34.79% and a negative return on equity of 13.25%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 27.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.40) earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Patterson-UTI Energy will post ($1.32) earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 8th will be given a $0.02 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, March 6th. This represents a $0.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.32%. Patterson-UTI Energy’s dividend payout ratio is presently -3.69%. Your IP Address: About Patterson-UTI Energy Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc owns and operates fleets of land-based drilling rigs and a fleet of pressure pumping equipment in the United States. The Company operates in three segments: Contract Drilling, Pressure Pumping, and Oil and Natural Gas. The Company provides contract drilling services to oil and natural gas operators in the continental United States, and western and northern Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Science News S&P 500 dips, ending historic streak By Brooks Hays   |   March 21, 2017 at 10:44 PM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo March 21 (UPI) -- An historic streak is over. The S&P 500 closed down 1.2 percent on Tuesday after 161 days without a daily drop of more than 1 percent at any point. The market spent 64 consecutive days without a decline of more than 1 percent at any time during the trading sessions. An early morning sell-off in financial stocks triggered a wider decline. The Dow ended Tuesday off 1.14 percent, while the Nasdaq dropped 1.83 percent on the day. Goldman Sachs stock ended the day down 3.7 percent, and Bank of America stock declined 5.8 percent. JPMorgan Chase shares dipped 2.9 percent. The streak included historic highs for the both the Dow and S&P. Investor confidence soared despite political volatility as President Donald Trump moved into the White House. Until Tuesday, investors appeared confident in the American economy. Many believe that confidence will continue and that the tax cuts Trump has promised, along with future infrastructure spending and regulatory rollbacks, will boost a steadily growing economy. "This will be the first time since the mid-1960s that the federal government may provide a positive impulse to an economy that is at full employment," Bob Miller, a senior bond investor at BlackRock, told The New York Times. Some investment advisors blamed Tuesday's slide on the hostile response to the GOP healthcare reform bill -- a sign Trump's agenda could continue to face problems on Capitol Hill. Others suggest the market could simply be reaching its limit, with disparities between stock values and corporate earnings nearing record highs. "This would be the ninth straight year that the S.&P. finishes the year higher than the year before," said Charlie Bilello, research director at the investment consulting firm Pension Partners. "And if you combine that with very high valuations, it means that investors should expect more volatility going forward." Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Dow surges back toward 20K-level on market's first day of '17 Dow Jones Industrial Average crosses 21,000 for the first time Comments Topics: Donald Trump, Goldman Sachs, Healthcare Reform Trending President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos Next Article White House: High school rape an example why tougher immigration needed Latest Headlines Fire destroys North Dakota church owned by white supremacist Craig Cobb 17 minutes ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- A church in Nome, N.D., purchased by self-proclaimed white supremacist Craig Cobb burned to the ground, police said. GOP healthcare plan up for House vote Thursday 43 minutes ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- The House will vote on the American Health Care Act, the GOP plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, but it is not clear if the legislation will pass. Watch live: Sean Spicer gives daily press briefing 2 hours ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- Press secretary Sean Spicer on Thursday is scheduled to hold a daily press briefing at the White House. 17,000 AT&T technicians strike for second day 2 hours ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- About 17,000 unionized AT&T technicians in Nevada and California are on strike for a second day over benefits cutbacks, hiring reductions and work assignments. Watch live: Day 4 of Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch's Senate hearing 3 hours ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- The Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday is set to grill Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch for the fourth day. Trending Stories Neolithic rock art discovered in Egypt Thousands of monkeys are dying from yellow fever in Brazil Sea ice extent for both poles shrinks to record low GPS navigation turns off part of the brain Ants boost soil health, study says PHOTOS On the red carpet at Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos In photos: Tyra Banks through the years Stars attend 'Beauty and the Beast' screening in New York Activists protest the Dakota Access Pipeline in Washington, D.C. John Goodman honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News Portal Dünya Bülteni أخبار العالم Dünya Bizim History An Abbasid education The Abbasids ruled a vast empire from Baghdad when it was the thriving capital of the Islamic world. For about five hundred years the city boasted the cream of intellectuals and culture, a reputation gained during the reigns of the Caliphs al-Rashid (809 CE), al-Ma’mun (833 CE), al-Mu’tadhid (902 CE) and al-Muktafi (908 CE). Politics Turkish citizen hero of July 15 coup attempt Eight months after the deadly July 15 coup attempt, many stories emerged of how everyday civilians died or were injured in their effort to oppose the coup. Can Cumurcu is one of them and relates his story to Patrick Kingsley of the New York Times History 8 Reasons about Why Rome Fell Read on to discover eight reasons why one of history’s most legendary empires finally came crashing down.       World 12:54 British parliament attack: What we know 10:26 Luxembourg court denies Iran demand to unblock assets 10:00 American Airlines to buy stake in China carrier 09:26 British MPs to return to Westminster after attack 09:24 Canada court orders reporter to hand over digital chat 08:58 Mauritania vows referendum to abolish Senate, change flag Africa Europe America-Canada Palestine Latin America Iraq Balkans Caucasus Cyprus Central Asia Turkey 16:10 Turkey to take airline electronics ban to ICAO 15:25 Turkey announces North Korea-related asset freeze 14:09 Turkish consumer confidence bounces back in March 11:23 Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better 08:11 44 defense industry workers remanded in FETO probe 16:22 Turkish court issues arrest warrant for FETO head Gulen General Economy Politics Diplomacy Art & Culture Sports Media 09:21 Press agenda on March 23 09:49 Press agenda on March 22 09:28 Press agenda on March 20 10:00 Press Agenda on March 19 10:02 Press agenda on March 18 09:35 Press agenda on March 17 Economy 13:38 Inflation fears take shine off German consumer morale 13:08 Most Asia markets see recovery after big losses 10:56 Turkey's Borsa Istanbul up at opening 10:14 Canada joins China-backed AIIB 17:17 US stock market opens mixed 14:03 European stocks open down after Wall Street sell-off Islamic World 04:05 10 Things You May Not Have Known About The Ka’bah 04:06 The man who brought Islam to South Africa - Sheikh Yusuf 01:00 Amazing clock inventions from the Islamic world 01:00 Salahuddin Ayyubi, the great warrior of Islam 12:58 Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khawarizmi - The Father of Algebra 04:08 Nigeria's Muslim women oppose inheritance bill Ramadan Hajj 15:33 Indonesia says Saudi Arabia increased its Hajj quota 19:33 Muslim pilgrims flock to Medina after performing Hajj 12:03 Turkish relgious leader says Eid a time of happiness 11:46 1.8 million Muslims took place in hajj this year 16:42 Saudi king rejects mixing hajj with politics 13:01 At hajj, Syrian pilgrims talk of exile and war Art & Culture 16:42 People across Turkey mark Newroz celebrations 08:28 Istanbul's iconic Grand Bazaar gets makeover 08:29 Unearthing 2,000 years of history in central Algiers 17:10 The Green Muslims – Not just Halal, but Tayyib 15:02 Nana Asma’u, the early Islamic feminist icon 13:39 The Mayan Muslims of Mexico Health & Environment 16:43 UK smokers braced for tobacco restrictions 16:45 Preserving the memory of glaciers 15:47 Web-based counseling lowers blood pressure as much as meds 08:36 First fluorescent frog found in Argentina 08:21 Renault chiefs implicated in decades-long emissions fraud 08:58 Polluted air causing early deaths in fossil-fuelled Balkans Science&Technology 13:02 Turkey joins Malaysia's maritime, aerospace mega show 10:33 SpaceX launches communications satellite into orbit 08:42 US: Hack for WhatsApp discovered 18:52 Russia's FSB hired 'criminal hackers' to attack Yahoo 12:54 US researchers hack common devices using sound 17:38 Intel to buy driverless car company Mobileye News Analysis 20:40 The ideology and historical legacy of world maps 11:37 Turkey and Balkans 16:27 How gas could warm relations between Israel and Turkey 10:13 Time of "apes and pigs" 11:51 NKorea strengthening border artillery 16:08 China: Philippines violating South China Sea code History 12:51 The foundation of Twitter - History 08:42 Granada 'Reconquest' & Spain's Morisco double standard 04:02 Today in History: Hejaz Railway 10:41 Russia's 1917 revolutions in five key moments 01:02 The Great Explorers of Islam 12:34 A Brief History of Masjids in China This week in History Interviews & In Depth 14:18 What is going on in Kashmir: The interview with Muzammil A. Thakur 17:36 Media Voices of Africa with Shafiq Morton 10:04 Lebanese rubbish crisis not all as it seems..... 10:44 Story of four Americans who became Muslim 12:15 Four years after uprising, Egypt is back to square one 15:49 Khojaly: massacre which scarred a nation Today's News Turkey to take airline electronics ban to ICAO Philippines: 2 crew abducted from cargo boat in south Turkey announces North Korea-related asset freeze Indian supreme court adjourns Babri Mosque case again Suspected militant dead in clash with Indonesian police Egypt to continue training Lebanese army officers Turkish consumer confidence bounces back in March Inflation fears take shine off German consumer morale Most Asia markets see recovery after big losses British parliament attack: What we know Hundreds of Egypt students stricken with food poisoning Japanese nationalist claims cash from Abe as scandal deepens Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better Turkey's Borsa Istanbul up at opening Luxembourg court denies Iran demand to unblock assets Philippines: 2 Malaysian hostages rescued in south Canada joins China-backed AIIB American Airlines to buy stake in China carrier S.Korea's tragic Sewol ferry resurfaces British MPs to return to Westminster after attack Canada court orders reporter to hand over digital chat Press agenda on March 23 Mauritania vows referendum to abolish Senate, change flag UN-backed Syria peace talks to restart in Geneva Traffickers suspected of using refugee rescue boats as taxis Killer of Cambodian critic receives life sentence 44 defense industry workers remanded in FETO probe Pakistan urges India to release Hurriyat leaders McCain warns of 'tough decisions' with Syrian Kurds US artillery supporting op to seize dam near Syria's Raqa 16:40, 23 March 2017 Thursday Economy Update: 05:03, 22 March 2017 Wednesday Tweetle Deutsche Bank soars as US closes currency probe Gains for Deutsche shares topped 7.0 percent in the early afternoon, before slipping back to trade at 16.16 euros ($17.61) -- still up 5.33 percent -- just after 1400 GMT. World Bulletin / News Desk Shares in German lender Deutsche Bank leapt in Frankfurt trading Tuesday, as news US authorities had closed an investigation into past manipulation of currency markets lent investors confidence in the troubled institution. Buyers' keenness on the Frankfurt bank was undimmed by the other big news of the day -- the start of a 8.0-billion-euro capital increase by Deutsche, which needs cash to fund a far-reaching restructuring and bolster its reserves. Normally, stock in a firm issuing hundreds of millions of new shares falls as fresh supply weighs on its price, but not this time. The lender said in its 2016 annual report published Monday that the US Department of Justice (DoJ) "has closed its criminal enquiry 'concerning possible violations of federal criminal law in connection with the foreign exchange markets'". Global banks have paid out billions in fines for colluding to manipulate foreign exchange markets in recent years, including a settlement of almost $6 billion by Barclays, JP Morgan Chase, Citicorp, UBS, Bank of America and the Royal Bank of Scotland in 2015. The DoJ's mothballing of its Deutsche probe comes after another US regulator, the Commodities Futures and Trading Commission, dropped its own investigation into the German bank's currency activities in October. But "other regulatory and law enforcement agency investigations... remain pending," the bank noted in its report. Deutsche is engaged in a long struggle to free itself from thousands of legal cases worldwide relating to its past conduct, and in December agreed a $7.2-billion deal with the DoJ relating to mortgage-backed securities trading in the run-up to the financial crisis. At the same time, the bank is attempting a massive restructuring that will see it shift focus from global financial markets to traditional banking for businesses and households in Germany. Chief executive John Cryan announced in early March that the lender would raise some 8.0 billion euros of fresh capital to fuel his planned reorganisation and boost the capital cushion which financial firms keep on hand to weather shocks. Tuesday was the first day of the new stock being issued to existing shareholders. "The environment seems sufficiently stable for the shares to find buyers among investors," analyst Ingo Frommen of LBBW bank commented. "Nevertheless, there are further tough years of restructuring ahead for Deutsche Bank." In its annual report, Deutsche said that it expects revenues to remain "broadly flat" this year compared with last, at around 30 billion euros. Related deutsche bank Legal Notice: Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Tweetle No Comment Yet Economy News Inflation fears take shine off German consumer morale Market research firm GfK's forward-looking consumer confidence reading for April slipped to 9.8 points after 10.0 this month, slightly short of analysts' expectations, it said in a statement. Most Asia markets see recovery after big losses There is widespread belief the tycoon's health system proposals will fall foul of lawmakers with many of his Republican counterparts opposed to numerous parts of it and raising questions about the fate of promised infrastructure spending, tax cuts and deregulation. Turkey's Borsa Istanbul up at opening BIST 100 index opens 0.35 pct higher; US dollar/Turkish lira rate hovers around 3.61 Canada joins China-backed AIIB The United States and Japan -- the world's largest and third-largest economies, respectively -- have notably declined to join the bank. US stock market opens mixed Oil prices continue their decline European stocks open down after Wall Street sell-off London's benchmark FTSE 100 index dropped 0.6 percent to 7,336.30 points compared with Tuesday's close. British inflation surges to 2.3% The 12-month inflation rate hit 2.3 percent last month compared with 1.8 percent in January, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said in a statement. Deutsche Bank soars as US closes currency probe Gains for Deutsche shares topped 7.0 percent in the early afternoon, before slipping back to trade at 16.16 euros ($17.61) -- still up 5.33 percent -- just after 1400 GMT. Turkey's next step: Large wind tender Today is 'day of revolution' for Turkey's energy sector with Monday's solar tender, says Turkish Minister Swiss bank UBS to be tried in France over tax fraud UBS will be charged with illegal banking practices and dissimulating tax fraud, the sources said, adding UBS's French subsidiary will also go on trial for complicity. World Bank announces $57 bln in financing for Africa A fresh investment from the World Bank will see Africa receive $57 billion for investment SWIFT cuts off last NKorea banks from global finance system The move is significant as it means North Korea no longer has access SWIFT's global financial transfer system, further isolating the already heavily-sanctioned country. Turkey to block leveraged FX trade via firms abroad Government committed to barring Turkish citizens from trading via foreign exchange brokers, Deputy PM says Turkey: Over 5,550 startups launched in February Almost 40 percent of foreign-partnered companies founded directly by Syrian nationals or Syrians in partnerships   World Bank indirectly backs harmful SE Asian projects World Bank's financial arm violated its own guidelines on environmental and social conditions, according to a new report Car sales growth in EU eases in February Despite weak performance, reading close to February 2008 levels just before economic crisis, says top auto association News Deutsche Bank reports loss of 1.4 billion euros in 2016 Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse to pay $12.5B settlement Qatar royal family consider share in Deutsche bank Deutsche Bank pressure eases as US fine looks smaller Deutsche Bank stocks dip after rejecting $14B US deal Police raid Deutsche Bank offices Worldbulletin News Worldbulletin News © 2006 All Rights Reserved. Copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this website can not be reproduced without the prior permission. Webdesign and Software: Engin Demir World Turkey Media Economy Islamic World Hajj Art & Culture Health & Environment Science&Technology News Analysis History Interviews & In Depth Asia-Pacific Middle East Latest News Columnists Add to your site Contact Us About us  
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Wells Fargo ATMs to offer phone access Wells Fargo would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States Post to Facebook Wells Fargo ATMs to offer phone access Wells Fargo would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2nzdYNk {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Wells Fargo ATMs to offer phone access Ken Sweet, Associated Press 8:53 p.m. ET March 21, 2017 On Tuesday, Wells Fargo announced plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. (Photo: Patrick Sison / AP) 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE New York — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells Fargo would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. A limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won’t work on the secure doors that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry for non-business hours. Wells Fargo said such doors are at a small percentage of branches. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2nzdYNk TOP VIDEOS Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19 2018 Honda Odyssey introduced 0:54
23/03/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live 1 Latest Live Coverage Live United Kingdom 22/03/2017 Car attacker mows down crowds and stabs policeman outside UK parliament Live - Tv Live Broadcast Watch Euronews live stream Bulletin Weather All views World 23/03/2017 Theresa May tells MPs 'acts of normality' will defy terrorism Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism" World 22/03/2017 Eurozone is still fragile and uninsured against another crisis Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Despite recently experiencing an overall economic uptick, the eurozone remains fragile and uninsured against the risk of another crisis" Benedicta Marzinotto Lecturer in Political Economy World 22/03/2017 Erdogan's rhetoric threatens Turkey's future relations with EU Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 22/03/2017 The religious strike back: French election View Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "There has been an unholy alliance between the Catholic right and the non-religious left" Lecturer in political and soci Charles Devellennes World 22/03/2017 Sturgeon claims London left her no choice but to go for independence Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 22/03/2017 Calls for Eurogroup President to resign after 'drinks and women' outrage Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "You cannot spend all the money on spirits and women and then ask for help" Jeroen Dijsselbloem Eurogroup President World 22/03/2017 'I'll criticise judges': Trump defiant after Gorsuch rebuke Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I find that disheartening, I find that demoralising, because I know the truth" Neil Gorsuch US Supreme Court nominee World 21/03/2017 North Korea has "nothing to fear" from more sanctions Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The existing sanctions are heinous and inhumane" Choe Myong Nam Deputy Ambassador, DPRK UN mission, Geneva more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe Aa Aa Now Reading: U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe 22/03/2017 U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe REUTERS 22/03/2017 By Jamie McGeever LONDON (Reuters) – JP Morgan <JPM.N> retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. JP Morgan’s revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 percent to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by U.S. peer Citi <C.N>, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 percent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one – municipal finance – of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley <MS.N> secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by U.S. banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany’s Deutsche Bank <DBKGn.DE>. U.S. banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the U.S.-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. “European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don’t see repeating,” said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. “They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year.” Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 TRUMPS H1 The world’s big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 percent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump’s U.S. presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. U.S. banks’ total for the second half of last year jumped 37 percent to $24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse <CSGN.S>, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays <BARC.L> and HSBC <HSBA.L>, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan’s revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the $14.3 billion from its U.S. operations up 10 percent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 percent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to $7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of $3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi’s joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch <BAC.N>, Barclays, BNP Paribas <BNP.PA>, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale <SOGN.PA> and UBS <UBSG.S>. (Reporting by Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies; editing by Mark Heinrich) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories United Kingdom 23/03/2017 London terrorist "acted alone" as police arrest eight BREAKING NEWS United Kingdom 23/03/2017 Islamic State Group claims responsibility for Westminster attack world news 22/03/2017 London terrorist attack: What we know Most viewed United Kingdom 23/03/2017 London terrorist "acted alone" as police arrest eight United Kingdom 22/03/2017 British PM: "We will never give in to terror" United Kingdom 22/03/2017 Minister who lost brother in Bali bombing tried to save policeman world news 22/03/2017 'We are not afraid': Londoners defiant after parliament attack world news 22/03/2017 London terrorist attack: What we know Editor's choice Belgium 20/03/2017 Reliving the pain 'every single day' - Brussels attacks one year on world news 22/03/2017 How new one-stop shops are making crime pay for would-be cyber crooks View 22/03/2017 The religious strike back: French election View Flashback: one year ago Turkey 23/03/2016 Najim Laachraoui reported to be second Brussels airport bomber Belgium 23/03/2016 Europe tightens airport security as fresh attacks feared Belgium 23/03/2016 Brussels travellers struggle with security checks Sport 23/03/2016 No bombing,no ducking, no doping Russian swimmers under the microscope Insight 23/03/2016 Belgian 'jihadists' more like street thugs, says anti terror expert Editor's choice Belgium 20/03/2017 Reliving the pain 'every single day' - Brussels attacks one year on world news 22/03/2017 How new one-stop shops are making crime pay for would-be cyber crooks View 22/03/2017 The religious strike back: French election View world news 22/03/2017 Earthquakes shake Groningen into innovative economy world news 17/03/2017 Svalbard Seed Vault - banking on the future United Kingdom 21/03/2017 Martin McGuinness: the armalite to the ballot box world news 20/03/2017 Everything you need to know about Nowruz, the New Year for many Sci-tech 23/03/2017 Targeting small business at CeBIT no comment 21/03/2017 Merkel and Abe celebrate all things digital at CeBIT 1 Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Latest Live Live United Kingdom 22/03/2017 Car attacker mows down crowds and stabs policeman outside UK parliament Live - Tv Watch Euronews live stream Browse today's tags London Terrorism Attack United Kingdom Theresa May Victims Security European Union Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, March 23, 2017 9:34 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe Wednesday March 22, 2017 08:04 AM GMT+8 ICYMI UK parliament attacker was born in Britain, May says Nearly three-quarters Malays clueless about Act 355, survey finds Hamilton wants to see more women, less ‘dudes’ in paddock The Edit: ‘Power Rangers’ yay or nay? Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The logo of Swiss bank UBS is seen on a building in Zurich, February 13, 2013. — Reuters picLONDON, March 22 — JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of US banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data today showed. JP Morgan’s revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 per cent to US$25.2 billion (RM111.52 billion) last year from US$22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by US peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 per cent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one — municipal finance — of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by US banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany’s Deutsche Bank. US banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the US-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. “European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don’t see repeating,” said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. “They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year.” Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 trumps H1 The world’s big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 per cent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump’s US presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. US banks’ total for the second half of last year jumped 37 per cent to US$24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays and HSBC, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan’s revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the US$14.3 billion from its US operations up 10 per cent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 per cent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to US$7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of US$3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi’s joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS. — Reuters                  MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bank Negara sees economy, exports growing faster in 2017 S.Korea throws shipbuilder Daewoo new US$6b lifeline Jack Ma optimistic about introducing Alipay e-wallet service in Malaysia Bursa Malaysia remains above 1,750 at mid-afteroon Ringgit to stabilise gradually, no more large outflow Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 China capital controls leave buyers of foreign property in bind (VIDEO) Jack Ma to launch Alibaba’s regional distribution hub in Malaysia, sources say Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. investment banks strengthen global lead over Europe By Reuters Published: 20:03 EDT, 21 March 2017 | Updated: 20:03 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail By Jamie McGeever LONDON, March 22 (Reuters) - JP Morgan retained its place atop the global investment banking league table last year, with the top five places now firmly in the hands of U.S. banks, reflecting their domination over struggling European peers, data on Wednesday showed. JP Morgan's revenues from trading, mergers and acquisitions and other investment banking activity rose 11 percent to $25.2 billion last year from $22.7 billion in 2015, according to industry analytics firm Coalition. That strong increase was mirrored by U.S. peer Citi, which rose in the overall ranking to joint second from joint third, a performance that far exceeded the average 3 percent decline across the 12 banks surveyed. JP Morgan retained its crown in fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading, its position solidified by dominance in G10 rates and foreign exchange trading. JP Morgan held the top two spots in all but one - municipal finance - of the seven FICC categories, Coalition said. Morgan Stanley secured fifth place in the ranking by consolidating its leadership position in equities, meaning all top five spots are held by U.S. banks. In 2015 Morgan Stanley shared fifth spot with Germany's Deutsche Bank. U.S. banks now take in around a two-thirds share of the investment banking revenue pie, the gap widening consistently since 2011 when the U.S.-European split was roughly 50-50. But that may be about to reverse. "European banks had some significant trading underperformance last year, which we don't see repeating," said Amrit Shahani, research director at Coalition. "They should improve, albeit from a low base. We expect them to maintain and build on their market share this year." Shahani said banks at the top and bottom ends of the ranking are taking market share from those in the middle. H2 TRUMPS H1 The world's big banks had a tough start to last year as worries over China and plunging commodity prices threatened to send world markets into a tailspin. Revenue fell 15 percent in the first six months, the worst first-half-year performance since the 2008 financial crisis. But trading surged in the second half of 2016 thanks to the twin shocks of Britain voting to leave the European Union and Donald Trump's U.S. presidential election victory, and revenues followed suit as market volatility rose. U.S. banks' total for the second half of last year jumped 37 percent to $24.6 billion. Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, still in the throes of restructuring programmes, were particularly hard hit, and both slipped in the overall rankings to 6th and 8th place, respectively. As well as Morgan Stanley, the winners included Citi, Barclays and HSBC, which each rose a notch to 2nd, 7th and equal 9th, respectively. Most of JP Morgan's revenue was accrued on its home turf, with the $14.3 billion from its U.S. operations up 10 percent from the year before. The bank also posted a 10 percent revenue increase in its Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) operations to $7.7 billion, Coalition said. Deutsche was forced to share its 2nd place in EMEA with Goldman Sachs, which edged up from 3rd the year before. The biggest shift at the top was in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, where JP Morgan stormed up from joint 5th last year to take the top spot outright. Its revenue of $3.3 billion was the same as Deutsche and Citi's joint leadership total in 2015. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS. Below are the global rankings: 2016 2015 JP Morgan 1 1 Goldman Sachs =2 2 Citi =2 =3 BAML 4 =3 Morgan Stanley 5 =5 Deutsche Bank 6 =5 Barclays 7 8 Credit Suisse 8 7 HSBC =9 10 UBS =9 9 BNP Paribas 11 11 Societe Generale 12 12 (Reporting by Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies; editing by Mark Heinrich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close 1 of 4 Mark Lennihan In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Technology companies are leading stocks slightly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Shizuo Kambayashi Men look at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Shizuo Kambayashi People walk past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Shizuo Kambayashi People uses a mobile phone in front of an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) AP Asia shares sink as investors fret over Trump reform outlook By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer Mar 21, 2017 Updated Mar 21, 2017 Mark Lennihan In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Technology companies are leading stocks slightly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Shizuo Kambayashi Men look at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Shizuo Kambayashi People walk past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Shizuo Kambayashi People uses a mobile phone in front of an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Asian shares were mixed in lackluster trading on Tuesday, as markets searched for a dominant theme, weighing currency fluctuations, signs of growing protectionism and other uncertainties. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Shares fell in Asia early Wednesday after U.S. stocks took their biggest loss in five months. The sell-off overnight on Wall Street was spurred by obstacles to a health care bill backed by President Donald Trump that also raised questions over prospects for his agenda of boosting growth by cutting taxes and regulations. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index fell 2 percent to 19,071.35 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 1.2 percent to 24,306.52. Australia's S&P ASX 200 lost 1.5 percent to 5,685.60. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.9 percent to 2,159.75 and the Shanghai Composite index fell 0.3 percent to 3,250.61. ROUT ON WALL STREET: Banks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped. So did materials companies like steel and chemicals makers and small-company stocks that stand to benefit the most from Trump's policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations. The Standard & Poor's 500 index tumbled 1.1 percent to 2,344.02, its biggest drop since Oct. 11. The Dow Jones industrial average also lost 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite shed 1.8 percent to 5,793.83. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. HEALTH CARE AGENDA: The U.S. House of Representatives is scheduled to vote Thursday on the Republican-backed American Health Care Act, but it's not clear if the House or the Senate will approve the bill. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "The Trump administration's 100 days of action appear to be becoming 100 days of inaction as investors start running out of patience," Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. JAPAN TRADE: Japanese shares sank after the U.S. dollar weakened against the yen, potentially hurting earnings of exporters. The government's report that Japan's trade surplus more than doubled in February from a year earlier as exports to Asia surged failed to make up for the yen's gains, which inevitably result in losses for the benchmark Nikkei 225 index. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 8 cents to $48.16 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It fell 67 cents to $48.24 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 5 cents to $50.91 a barrel. It closed down 66 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.96 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 111.56 yen from 112.58 yen. The euro rose to $1.0794 from $1.0733. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Financial Markets Food Manufacturing Food, Beverage And Tobacco Products Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Currency Markets Passenger Airlines Airlines Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Japanese Yen Tablet Computers Personal Computers Computer Hardware Consumer Electronics Technology Latest in section Yellen says problems of childhood poverty linger The Best 0% Intro APR Credit Cards in March Applications for US jobless aid rise to still-low 258,000 AP Exclusive: US probes banking of ex-Trump campaign chief ABC News says 3 of its Twitter accounts were hacked More on this topic Yellen says problems of childhood poverty linger The Best 0% Intro APR Credit Cards in March Applications for US jobless aid rise to still-low 258,000 ABC News says 3 of its Twitter accounts were hacked 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Babysitter arrested in Hammond infant's death UPDATE: Munster boy hit by school bus in stable condition Roundabout proposed for dangerous Ind. 2 intersection Massive rail car plant to be built in Hegewisch How Fed hike will affect mortgages, car loans, credit cards Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Food and Cooking The best Irish beers for St. Patrick's Day Northwest Indiana Real Estate Listings 25 things not covered by home insurance Health and Medicine 5 charts that explain the GOP health care bill so far How to stay healthy at work Greta Garbo's former NYC apartment on market for $5.95M Pro Football Weekly 2017 NFL Mock Draft 1.0 US routs Puerto Rico 8-0 to win WBC behind dominant Stroman Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Chesterton Toys (Formerly Alice's Garden Toy Boutique) 206 S. Calumet Road Ste. B, Chesterton, IN 46304 Ads Forest Ridge Family Dentistry 7303 Forest Ridge Dr, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads Center For Visual & Performing Arts 1040 Ridge Rd, Munster, IN 46321 Terry's Discount Windows & More 3152 Morthland Dr, Valparaiso, IN 46385 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Dream Big Gymnastics Child's Birthday Coming Up? Host it at Dream Big Gymnastics. CLICK for Detail s or Call us at (708) 650-0916 Updated Mar 16, 2017 Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty For all of your Corporate Photography needs call Doherty Images Photography. Call 219-670-2092 Updated Mar 21, 2017 Allstate - Elaine Morris Teenage drivers in your home? Call Elaine Morris with Allstate for a Car Insurance Quote that will fit your budget. Call today at 219-928-0135 Updated Mar 16, 2017 Midwest Landscape Specialists Book A Patio With Midwest Landscape Specialists, Get A FREE Fire Pit! Updated Mar 16, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Latest Ireland World Sport Business Showbiz Lotto Ireland Today Business Farming World Deaths Weather National Weather Connacht Leinster Munster Ulster World More Web Archive Horoscopes Special Reports HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Westminster attack Martin McGuinness Coast Guard Tragedy Home»Breaking News»business Banks nosedive as Trump healthcare speedbump hits US stocks Tuesday, March 21, 2017 - 10:45 pm US stocks have taken their biggest loss in five months as a healthcare bill backed by President Donald Trump ran into trouble in Congress. It raised some questions about his agenda of faster economic growth spurred on by lower taxes and cuts in regulations. Banks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped, and so did materials companies such as steel and chemicals makers. The dollar weakened. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit the most from Mr Trump's policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations, fell more than the rest of the market. "President Trump promised that this healthcare bill would be signed, sealed, delivered within the first couple of weeks of him taking office," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer for BMO Capital Markets. "All this is doing is pushing the rest of the agenda out." The Standard & Poor's 500 index tumbled 29.45 points, or 1.1%, to 2,344.02. That was its biggest drop since October 11. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237.85 points, or 1.1%, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite surrendered 107.70 points, or 1.8%, to 5,793.83. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks plunged 37.55 points, or 2.7%, to 1,346.55. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Stocks have fallen for four days in a row, though the previous losses were small. Tuesday's losses were a reversal of the patterns that have endured since Mr Trump was elected in November, but overall stocks are still sharply higher since then. On Thursday the House of Representatives is scheduled to vote on the Republican-backed American Health Care Act, and despite support from the president on Tuesday, it is not clear if the House or the Senate will approve the bill. The administration hopes to get a major tax reform package to Congress by August, and a big infrastructure spending proposal may follow next year. Banks had their worst day in nine months as bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.42% from 2.46%. Bank of America fell 1.42 dollars, or 5.8%, to 23.02 dollars. KeyCorp sank 1.18 dollars, or 6.5%, to 16.90 dollars, the biggest loss in the S&P 500. JPMorgan Chase gave up 2.64 dollars, or 2.9%, to 87.39 dollars. Still, banks have done far better than the rest of the market since the election. Among transportation companies, United Continental lost 2.21 dollars, or 3.3%, to 65.28 dollars and railroad operator CSX declined 1.26 dollars, or 2.7%, to 45.62 dollars. Hertz Global skidded 1.86 dollars, or 8.7%, to 19.40 dollars. Companies that make steel, chemicals, and other basic materials also slid. AK Steel plunged 86 cents, or 10.4%, to 7.51 dollars and US Steel lost 3.34 dollars, or 9%, to 33.76 dollars. The price of copper also dropped. The metal's price tends to rise when investors are more optimistic about the economy, and copper has risen 14% over the last year. It sank five cents, or 1.8%, to 2.62 dollars a pound on Tuesday. Big dividend companies, especially utilities, did well. Investors often buy those stocks when bond yields are falling. Dominion Resources rose 1.38 dollars, or 1.8%, to 78.21 dollars and PPL gained 67 cents, or 1.8%, to 37.47 dollars. Some household goods makers also rose. Jack Daniel's whisky maker Brown-Forman climbed 47 cents, or 1%, to 47.28 dollars. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, said investors are taking some profits after the market's long post-election winning streak, but noted that Wall Street is especially eager for the administration's tax reform proposals. "I think investors see (corporate tax reform) as more important in terms of supporting the stock market even if it's not as important in terms of its effect on the economy" as healthcare, she said. Food companies fell after General Mills posted a better-than-expected profit but weaker sales. The Cheerios maker faces more competitive pricing and a market that has been shifting demand from processed foods. Its stock dipped 50 cents to 59.76 dollars, and Kellogg shed 1.38 dollars, or 1.8%, to 73.60 dollars. Campbell Soup gave up 1.91 dollars or 3.2%, to 57.09 dollars. Benchmark US crude lost 88 cents, or 1.8%, to 47.34 dollars a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, closed down 66 cents, or 1.3%, to 50.96 dollars a barrel in London. The price of gold jumped 12.50 dollars, or 1%, to 1,246.50 dollars an ounce. Silver gained 15 cents to 17.58 dollars an ounce. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost one cent to 1.61 dollars a gallon. Heating oil dipped one cent to 1.50 dollars a gallon. Natural gas rose five cents, or 1.7%, to 3.09 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar slipped to 111.90 yen from 112.58 yen. The euro rose to 1.0804 dollars from 1.0733 dollars. The DAX of Germany fell 1.1% and the British FTSE 100 lost 0.6%. France's CAC 40 made big early gains after a debate between the nation's candidates for president, but it finished 0.5% lower. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 slipped 0.3%. The Kospi in South Korea rose 1% and in Hong Kong the Hang Seng rose 0.4%. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS trump, healthcare, us stocks, Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Tourism Ireland welcomes 9% growth in spend by overseas visitors ESRI: Construction activity powering strong growth; jobless numbers to fall to 5.6% Soaring online sales help Ted Baker to increased profits of £61.3m Next annual profits show first fall for eight years Today's Stories Economy may ‘overheat’ as unemployment falls Alternative finance for SMEs is even more urgent New housing plan urged Passengers could lose out in Brexit aviation tussle Lifestyle How Met Éireann predict the weather forecast My mammy was a psychopathic serial killer When poetry is a curse and a gift New theatrical show takes the top of the world to the stage More From The Irish Examiner OFFICIAL REMINDER: The clocks go forward this weekend People are using #PrayForLondon on Twitter to show solidarity with the UK after the terror attack in Westminster Donald Trump Jr causes outrage with tweet criticising London mayor after Westminster attack Outpouring of support on social media for Londoners after Westminster attack Praise for Tobias Ellwood, British MP who gave CPR to wounded police officer in Westminster VIDEO: Irish schools chosen to speak to astronauts on International Space Station Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Project Scorpio to launch Holiday 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 may include 'force touch' Lotto Results Wednesday, March 22, 2017 16 22 30 35 36 47 13 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories The new stand in Páirc Uí Chaoimh is nothing if not spectacular Latest: Five dead, 40 injured in Westminster attack: Deceased police officer named Latest: We have to 'adapt or die', says RTÉ boss amid reports of job losses No hard feelings Joe Schmidt, says Mike Ross Dara Ó Cinnéide: We should have started a fight in ‘05 Thunderstruck Ballyea will never be the same again Readers blog: Secondary schools must provide a mental health studies class Loyalist bonfire in Belfast while vigil took place for ‘pioneer of peacemaking’ Martin McGuinness White House announces Donald Trump's first trip to Europe as president Nearly 4,000 people sign petition calling for end to Fair City kidnapping storyline NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month WORLD New theatrical show takes the top of the world to the stage My mammy was a psychopathic serial killer BUSINESS Economy may ‘overheat’ as unemployment falls Alternative finance for SMEs is even more urgent SPORT A&E not the only option when your little ones get a minor injury Ten people who went full-time in pursuit of GAA glory LIFESTYLE A question of taste: Marlene Enright, musician and music booker How Met Éireann predict the weather forecast     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. The definitive ranking of Wall Street investment banks in every business line Business Insider Mar. 21, 2017, 7:00 PM 8,810 facebook linkedin twitter email print Buda Mendes/Getty Images We have new data on how Wall Street banks stack up in every business line, and there is one clear winner. JPMorgan led the pack in 2016 for revenue across fixed income, equities, and banking, according to data-analytics company Coalition. It also ranked first or joint first in every region, and first or second in 12 out of 14 individual business lines. The bank made $25.2 billion over the year, according to the data.  Goldman Sachs and Citigroup ranked joint second overall for the period. Goldman placed first in commodities within the FICC division. It also ranked joint first in futures and options within equities, and in mergers and acquisitions within investment banking. Citigroup's move up the rankings — it finished 2015 in joint third — was based off of a strong performance in FICC. It ranked second overall in that business behind JPMorgan, and within FICC placed first for emerging markets and municipal finance. Here's the global ranking, plus the rankings broken down by region: View As: One Page Slides JPMorgan is a clear winner, with a top three position in every business except cash equities. Coalition JPMorgan also ranks top or joint top in the three regions: Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and Asia Pacific Coalition More: Wall Street Features Investment Banks League Tables facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The definitive ranking of Wall Street investment banks in every business line The definitive ranking of Wall Street investment banks in every business line We have new data on how Wall Street banks stack... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Menu World Markets Banking Need for banks to improve agric financing Experts highlight path to success at Stanbic IBTC Bank business forum Analysts expect MPC to maintain rates, consolidates gains in forex, inflation Bond Market Updated: Nigeria finds succour in Sukkuk as high yields frustrate fund raising moves FG to raise N105bn  in local currency bonds Nigeria to meet investors next week ahead of possible bond sale – sources Fund Managers High-yielding investments into floral business are now available to everybody Transfast Surveys “Women of the Nigerian Diaspora” for Global Women's Day Celebration 2016 FMDQ OTC Securities Exchange posts N6.57trn transactions Market Report Earnings season: Speculator move to raise bet on value stocks These lenders have the cheapest valuation Stocks offer attractive entry opportunity for risk tolerant investors Real Estate FG Staff Housing Loan applicants want scheme probed National housing programme on in 33 states Foreign interest in Nigerian economy still strong despite recession Financial Inclusion Close Technology Companies Branding Advertising stakeholders attempt to re-shape industry, discuss challenges, seek solutions Company Rising costs compound Cadbury Nigeria  woes ACCA out to connect customers, create education platform for youths Kaduna airport traffic soars as NAMA inspects ILS Motoring How to spot a good second hand car deal Range Rover Velar revealed at London Design Museum FCA scoops ‘Most Improved Fleet Manufacturer' Award Close Economy Business Intelligence 5 investments in the digital space that will yield billions in 2017 Experts predict manufacturing rebound on oil price, budget Top Nigerian export products in high demand in global market Government Business Egypt devaluation yields first fruits, as Nigeria flounders EFCC has information on how Dogara uses conduit pipes to defraud House - Jibrin Nigerian-British chamber seeks sustainable development through infrastructure Insurance How to get a genuine insurance cover for your vehicle Rethinking consumerism in insurance business Will inflation, devaluation of the naira not erode value of my pension? Close Business BDSunday Real Gist Subscribe Login Menu World Markets Banking Need for banks to improve agric financing Experts highlight path to success at Stanbic IBTC Bank business forum Analysts expect MPC to maintain rates, consolidates gains in forex, inflation Bond Market Updated: Nigeria finds succour in Sukkuk as high yields frustrate fund raising moves FG to raise N105bn  in local currency bonds Nigeria to meet investors next week ahead of possible bond sale – sources Fund Managers High-yielding investments into floral business are now available to everybody Transfast Surveys “Women of the Nigerian Diaspora” for Global Women's Day Celebration 2016 FMDQ OTC Securities Exchange posts N6.57trn transactions Market Report Earnings season: Speculator move to raise bet on value stocks These lenders have the cheapest valuation Stocks offer attractive entry opportunity for risk tolerant investors Real Estate FG Staff Housing Loan applicants want scheme probed National housing programme on in 33 states Foreign interest in Nigerian economy still strong despite recession Financial Inclusion Close Technology Companies Branding Advertising stakeholders attempt to re-shape industry, discuss challenges, seek solutions Company Rising costs compound Cadbury Nigeria  woes ACCA out to connect customers, create education platform for youths Kaduna airport traffic soars as NAMA inspects ILS Motoring How to spot a good second hand car deal Range Rover Velar revealed at London Design Museum FCA scoops ‘Most Improved Fleet Manufacturer' Award Close Economy Business Intelligence 5 investments in the digital space that will yield billions in 2017 Experts predict manufacturing rebound on oil price, budget Top Nigerian export products in high demand in global market Government Business Egypt devaluation yields first fruits, as Nigeria flounders EFCC has information on how Dogara uses conduit pipes to defraud House - Jibrin Nigerian-British chamber seeks sustainable development through infrastructure Insurance How to get a genuine insurance cover for your vehicle Rethinking consumerism in insurance business Will inflation, devaluation of the naira not erode value of my pension? Close Business BDSunday Real Gist Subscribe Login Home Opinion Analysis Analysis The strange force behind growth and profitability March 22nd, 2017 Editor Analysis 0 comments A skillful executive conquers with knowledge and imagination…He out-flanks his competitors in the constituents mind without resorting to head-to-head battles and lengthy campaigns. Donald G. Krause. According to Forbes report in 2016, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ranks number one bank and company in the world with a market capitalization of $143 billion and also has the highest net profit margin. ICBC has maintained top positions only on Forbes 2000 for four consecutive years. JP Morgan Chase, Apple, Exxon Mobil, Wells Fargo and Toyota are all among the top ten on the list of Forbes 2000 in 2016. It is important to note that there is no African company in the top 300. The Standard Bank of South Africa and Stenhoff International, a furniture and fixture company also of South Africa only showed up as number 317 and 440 respectively. The reasons for these are not far-fetched and I will highlight some of them here. But, we need to first understand that success is never a product of chances, rather it is a result of making the right effort. Any business that commits time and resources in doing the right things rightly will have the intended results. Everybody on earth has equal and unlimited access to business success irrespective of geographical location, economic and political conditions. In an interview with Zhang Hongli, an Executive Director and Senior Executive Vice President of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China on CCTV, he emphasized that the turning point of their success was asking themselves what the people of China truly wanted in terms of financial services. Their focus on what the people they are serving truly desired from them was the defining moment for them. A customer is one for whom a product is customized, not someone who is convinced by a company to change his preferences and choose their offer. The world has changed in significant ways over the past few years and is still changing at such an incredible speed characterized by economic liberalization, increasing competition, high consumer choice, demanding customer, more emphasis on quality and value of purchase etc. To be relevant in the business world and remain that way, a business must be forward thinking and exceptionally innovative in providing the highest value to its customers. All these changes have made today’s effective business leaders shift from traditional marketing to modern marketing. Modern marketing calls for more than developing a product, pricing it, promoting it and making it accessible to target customer. It demands building trust, a binding force and value added relationship with the customers. According to Ashoka Dutt head of Citi Bank “the idea of customer relationship management is to know the individual customer intimately, so that the company has a customized product ready for him even before he asks for it. What makes a company successful in a global scale is not seeking ways to convince the consumers to buy from them, it is not manipulating the mind of people through psychology rather it is being customer centric. It is the responsibility of a company to create the highest value for it’s customers and to also take full responsibility for its weaknesses or inability to meet the expectations of the customer. It is the responsibility of a company to understand the true desire of its customers beyond the narrow description of the culture prevailing in the environment. Africans deserve first class service. As companies in Europe, Asia and America strive toward creating more inclusive customer-centric businesses, African companies must do the same. According to Donald Krause, the ideal strategy is to make a competitor’s product obsolete through innovation. It is important to understand that the actual definition of competition is the resistance of the various forces that engages a businesses in its drive to serve its customers. So beyond product and service innovation business leaders must also reinvent their organisations to become service oriented. Any organisation in which the people are unconsciously disposed to anticipating, recognizing and meeting the needs of their customers will dominate the world. The reason is that customer-centricism is the secret of innovation and with innovation comes control and power. If a company controls an industry through innovation, how can any competitor stand it? African business leaders must become independent in their thinking. They cannot depend on the business wisdom of the western world to drive business in Africa. The target should not be to become like the Bank of China, Apple or Microsoft but to be who you are. Let Zenith Bank be Zenith Bank, a successful, inclusive and sustainable Zenith Bank. Let Zinox be Zinox, a successful, inclusive and sustainable Zinox Computers. African businesses has within them everything required to make it to Forbes Top 100. It’s a matter of internal power concentration. This leads me to an interesting thought. It is the fact that Africa is really not a black race! The ideology that Africa is black is the major reason why African nations have been wobbling politically, socially and economically for many decades now. Black was a derogatory term used by their slave masters to describe them in the days of slavery and has nothing to do with skin colour. First of all, nobody has a black skin and nobody has a white skin. Black means darkness, ignorance and lack of light (information). It is interesting to understand that people from the Middle East are not called white irrespective of the fact that they are fair skinned. So from where came the term? From those that called themselves white of course. If Africans are black then their black businesses mind must depend on the whites to be successful. So they will depend on following where the whites lead. Enough of that already. Do your thinking independently and see you on Forbes list 100 in 2017.   Brian Reuben Brian Reuben helps companies and individuals operate, sale, market and communicate effectively. brianreubenc@gmail.com  0808 726 4420   Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Next article Nigeria should control 95 % of cargo in W/Central Africa – Expert Previous article Rethinking consumerism in insurance business Brian Reuben Related Posts Analysis March 23rd, 2017 Remita App: What every fintech consumer must know Analysis March 23rd, 2017 Ode to Fashola Analysis Harnessing Nigeria’s untapped enormous energy from waste potential I recall an encounter on 23rd December 2011 in Westfield, London with a sales man of some luxury skincare... Leave a Reply Cancel reply BD eXpress Zenith Bank shelves plans to raise N100bn due to weak economy Nigeria's Zenith Bank has shelved plans to raise N100 billion ($318 million) via a combination of... WHO releases new TB ethics guidelines   ...as more than 4.3 million of people with TB go undiagnosed The World Health Organisation has... People living close to oil exploration sites prone to kidney disorders – Expert MarRalph Onyemekeiha, a nephrologist at the Central Hospital, Warri, in Delta, says people living... Picketing: Arik threatens legal action against unions  The new management of Arik Air has threatened to take every legal measure at its disposal... Free trade not to blame for global problems-Chinese premier Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, on Thursday warned against protectionism, saying his country planned to... MUST READ Zenith Bank shelves plans to raise N100bn due to weak economy Nigeria's Zenith Bank has shelved plans to raise N100 billion ($318 million) via a combination of... Mar 23rd, 2017 inExclusives 18 firms apply for domestic airline licenses …as Stakeholders seek guarantees that they will employ Nigerians   Investors are positioning... Mar 23rd, 2017 inExclusives Naira nears N350 “fair value” as it hits N400 in black market … But analysts say battle not yet over The exchange rate of the naira in the unofficial black... Mar 23rd, 2017 inExclusives Updated: FG approves power sector recovery programme The Federal Government on Wednesday approved a Power Sector Recovery Programme which comprises of... Mar 23rd, 2017 inExclusives Updated: Nigerian Senate approves additional $500m Eurobond Nigeria is set to tap the international debt market for the second time in two months, after... Mar 23rd, 2017 inExclusives RECENT NEWS Mar 23rd 2:20 PM Exclusives Zenith Bank shelves plans to raise N100bn due to weak economy Mar 23rd 2:01 PM News WHO releases new TB ethics guidelines   Mar 23rd 1:48 PM News People living close to oil exploration sites prone to kidney disorders – Expert ANALYSIS Remita App: What every fintech consumer must know Opinion Mar 23rd, 2017 Opinion Ode to Fashola Mar 23rd, 2017 COMPANIES Companies Rising costs compound Cadbury Nigeria  woes Mar 23rd, 2017 Companies ACCA out to connect customers, create education platform for youths Mar 23rd, 2017 Companies Kaduna airport traffic soars as NAMA inspects ILS Mar 23rd, 2017 Current Issues Zenith Bank shelves plans to raise N100bn due to weak economy Nigeria's Zenith Bank has shelved plans to raise N100 billion ($318 million) via a combination of... Mar 23rd, 2017 inExclusives Click here - to select or create a menu Back to top News National Africa World Financial Inclusion Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons BD Extra HBR The Economist FT Metro BusinessDay WebTV Newspaper review Nigerians Speak Sectoral Analysis SME Update Sports Interview Science and Technology Other Media Infographics Cartoons Gallery Sports Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Youth Magazine Art House Literature Revue Sound n' Screen Theatre Visual Arts Women in Business Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Real Estate Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Off Duty Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople West Africa Energy Highlights Debriefing Africa Roundup Rest of the World Energy Finance Market Insight Talking Point Business Day Sunday Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Advertise With Us Online Rates Copyright © 2016 Business Day Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canadian Solar Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Trading Down 9% Following Weak Earnings March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) was down 9% during mid-day trading on Tuesday following a weaker than expected earnings announcement. The stock traded as low as $12.05 and last traded at $12.33, with a volume of 3,847,906 shares. The stock had previously closed at $13.55. The company reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.32 by $0.08. Canadian Solar had a net margin of 4.26% and a return on equity of 15.60%. The firm earned $668.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $698.57 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.05 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 40.3% on a year-over-year basis. A number of analysts recently commented on CSIQ shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Canadian Solar from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Guggenheim started coverage on Canadian Solar in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Canadian Solar from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $15.36 to $16.00 in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Roth Capital reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $11.00 target price (down from $20.00) on shares of Canadian Solar in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Finally, FBR & Co lowered Canadian Solar from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and decreased their target price for the company from $23.00 to $12.00 in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $19.49. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. bought a new stake in shares of Canadian Solar during the fourth quarter worth approximately $112,000. KBC Group NV raised its stake in shares of Canadian Solar by 59.1% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 10,289 shares of the company’s stock worth $141,000 after buying an additional 3,820 shares in the last quarter. Royal Bank of Canada increased its position in shares of Canadian Solar by 13.4% in the second quarter. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 12,344 shares of the company’s stock worth $188,000 after buying an additional 1,462 shares during the last quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Canadian Solar by 27.5% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 15,514 shares of the company’s stock worth $189,000 after buying an additional 3,350 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Guinness Asset Management Ltd increased its position in shares of Canadian Solar by 25.6% in the third quarter. Guinness Asset Management Ltd now owns 15,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $209,000 after buying an additional 3,100 shares during the last quarter. 36.88% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $13.42 and a 200 day moving average price of $13.07. The firm has a market cap of $712.40 million, a PE ratio of 5.14 and a beta of 2.78. Your IP Address: About Canadian Solar Canadian Solar Inc is a solar power company. The Company is a provider of solar power products, services and system solutions with operations in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, Australia and Asia. Its segments include module segment, energy development segment and electricity generation segment. Receive News & Ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Banks nosedive as Trump health care speedbump tanks stocks March 21, 2017 • Business NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks took their biggest loss in five months Tuesday as a health care bill backed by President Donald Trump ran into trouble in Congress, which raised some questions about his agenda of faster economic growth spurred on by lower taxes and cuts in regulations. Banks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped, and so did materials companies like steel and chemicals makers. The dollar weakened. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit the most from Trump’s policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations, fell more than the rest of the market. “President Trump promised that this health care bill would be signed, sealed, delivered within the first couple of weeks of him taking office,” said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer for BMO Capital Markets. “All this is doing is pushing the rest of the agenda out.” The Standard & Poor’s 500 index tumbled 29.45 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,344.02. That was its biggest drop since Oct. 11. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237.85 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite surrendered 107.70 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,793.83. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks plunged 37.55 points, or 2.7 percent, to 1,346.55. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Stocks have fallen for four days in a row, though the previous losses were small. Tuesday’s losses were a reversal of the patterns that have endured since Trump was elected in November, but overall stocks are still sharply higher since then. On Thursday the House of Representatives is scheduled to vote on the Republican-backed American Health Care Act, and despite support from the president on Tuesday, it’s not clear if the House or the Senate will approve the bill. The administration hopes to get a major tax reform package to Congress by August, and a big infrastructure spending proposal may follow next year. Banks had their worst day in nine months as bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.42 percent from 2.46 percent. Bank of America fell $1.42, or 5.8 percent, to $23.02. KeyCorp sank $1.18, or 6.5 percent, to $16.90, the biggest loss in the S&P 500. JPMorgan Chase gave up $2.64, or 2.9 percent, to $87.39. Still, banks have done far better than the rest of the market since the election. Among transportation companies, United Continental lost $2.21, or 3.3 percent, to $65.28 and railroad operator CSX declined $1.26, or 2.7 percent, to $45.62. Hertz Global skidded $1.86, or 8.7 percent, to $19.40. Companies that make steel, chemicals, and other basic materials also slid. AK Steel plunged 86 cents, or 10.4 percent, to $7.51 and U.S. Steel lost $3.34, or 9 percent, to $33.76. The price of copper also dropped. The metal’s price tends to rise when investors are more optimistic about the economy, and copper has risen 14 percent over the last year. It sank 5 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $2.62 a pound on Tuesday. Big-dividend companies, especially utilities, did well. Investors often buy those stocks when bond yields are falling. Dominion Resources rose $1.38, or 1.8 percent, to $78.21 and PPL gained 67 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $37.47. Some household goods makers also rose. Jack Daniel’s whisky maker Brown-Forman climbed 47 cents, or 1 percent, to $47.28. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, said investors are taking some profits after the market’s long post-election winning streak, but noted that Wall Street is especially eager for the administration’s tax reform proposals. “I think investors see (corporate tax reform) as more important in terms of supporting the stock market even if it’s not as important in terms of its effect on the economy” as health care, she said. Food companies fell after General Mills posted a better-than-expected profit but weaker sales. The Cheerios maker faces more competitive pricing and a market that has been shifting demand from processed foods. Its stock dipped 50 cents to $59.76, and Kellogg shed $1.38, or 1.8 percent, to $73.60. Campbell Soup gave up $1.91 or 3.2 percent, to $57.09. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 88 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $47.34 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, closed down 66 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.96 a barrel in London. The price of gold jumped $12.50, or 1 percent, to $1,246.50 an ounce. Silver gained 15 cents to $17.58 an ounce. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost 1 cent to $1.61 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas rose 5 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $3.09 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar slipped to 111.90 yen from 112.58 yen. The euro rose to $1.0804 from $1.0733. The DAX of Germany fell 1.1 percent and the British FTSE 100 lost 0.6 percent. France’s CAC 40 made big early gains after a debate between the nation’s candidates for president, but it finished 0.5 percent lower. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 slipped 0.3 percent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 1 percent and in Hong Kong the Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. Related Posts About the Author: - Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Company wins US Army contract for lightweight combat helmet Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards » Business Review CB Laboratory, Inc. Dining Guide Peppers Grill & Bar Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years She thought someone passed out drunk. Then she saw a uniform March 22, 2017 Farmington teen and dog visit seniors each week March 22, 2017 Health company appealing orders on records, legal costs March 22, 2017 Albuquerque police vehicles to carry anti-overdose drug March 22, 2017 Xcel plans $1.6 billion wind farms in New Mexico, West Texas March 22, 2017 Complaint: Man charged with killing Navajo officer was drunk March 21, 2017 Lawsuit: New Mexico cheerleaders took nude video of teammate March 21, 2017 UNM regents to remain after nominees don’t get hearing March 21, 2017 Vigil held in memory of Cannon airmen March 21, 2017 Attorney plans to appeal New Mexico murder conviction March 21, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business U.S. stocks sink to biggest losses this year The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it A Coder MiP programmable mini-robot carries WowWee Group’s company business cards in an exhibition hall at the CeBIT 2017 tech expo in Hanover, Germany, on Tuesday. (Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg News) March 21 MARKETS Stocks sink to biggest losses this year U.S. stocks had their biggest drop this year on Tuesday, led by declines in banks. Financial companies, which soared in the months since the presidential election, fell sharply. Bank of America sank 5.8 percent, while JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo each lost about 3 percent. A drop in bond yields helped push financial stocks lower. Industrial companies and transportation stocks also fell. The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index lost 29.45 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2344.02. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237.85 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite index dropped 107.70 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5793.83. — Associated Press RESTAURANTS CKE names CEO to replace Andy Puzder The parent company of the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s fast-food chains on Tuesday named a new chief executive to replace Andy Puzder, who last month withdrew his nomination to be labor secretary under President Trump. CKE Restaurants said Puzder will be replaced in April by Jason Marker, who most recently was president of Yum Brands’s Kentucky Fried Chicken in the United States. Puzder withdrew his nomination to be labor secretary in February after Senate Republicans became troubled about his acknowledgment that he belatedly paid taxes on a former housekeeper who was not authorized to work in the United States. Puzder’s opposition to significant minimum-wage hikes and what he called “overregulation” also rankled labor groups and Democrats, who questioned his ability to oversee the agency in charge of protecting workers’ rights. His past comments on automation in the restaurant industry also became a point of contention. In a phone interview Tuesday, Puzder, who has been CEO of CKE since 2000, said the nomination process was not a factor in his stepping down as chief executive of CKE. He also said he told the company he wanted to retire when his four-year contract was up at the end of this year. — Associated Press TECHNOLOGY Twitter cracks down on violent speech Twitter said Tuesday that it had stepped up efforts to rid its social network of posts from users advocating for political or religious violence, and was increasingly using software to find them rather than relying on user or government reports. U.S. and European governments have been pressuring social-media companies to crack down harder on online radicalization, particularly by Islamist groups that advocate violent activity. In its semiannual “transparency report,” Twitter said it suspended about 377,000 accounts in the final six months of 2016 for “violations related to promotion of terrorism,” a rate of about 63,000 a month. That is up from about 24,000 a month for a comparable period a year ago. For the first time, Twitter noted how many government requests the company receives to take down messages posted by journalists and news outlets. The data showed Turkey was by far the most active in seeking takedown of media reports. During the final six months of 2016, Twitter said, it received 88 court orders and other legal requests from around the world directing it to remove content posted by verified journalists and news outlets. About 77 of them were from Turkey. — Reuters Also in Business ● Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo chief executive Tim Sloan on Tuesday. To access their money, customers would get unique, eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN. The machines will still accept debit cards. ● Walmart is launching an incubator lab focused on robotics, virtual and augmented reality, and artificial intelligence. The “Store No. 8” will be in Silicon Valley and marks the latest attempt by the company’s new head of e-commerce operations, Marc Lore, to speed up innovation at the company. The lab’s mission will be to house new start-ups that will run independently from the company. It will invest in and team up with entrepreneurs and venture capitalists to create proprietary technology. — From news services Coming Today ● 10 a.m.: National Association of Realtors releases existing-home sales for February. business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Analysis As Ivanka Trump kept her White House plans quiet, a coveted West Wing office stayed open for her 2 Why Verizon and AT&T are suddenly pulling their ads from Google and YouTube 3 Senate votes to lift limits on hunting Alaska grizzlies and wolves on federal land 4 Starbucks’ Howard Schultz hands the keys to his successor in an emotional investor meeting 5 The days of owning a car could be fading away, thanks to these alternatives Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ 0.48% Get quote Last Update: 03/23/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper World Briefs: Billionaire David Rockefeller dies at 101 PublishedMar 22, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/476o Copy Billionaire David Rockefeller dies at 101 NEW YORK • Mr David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and a luminary in political and philanthropic circles, has died at the age of 101. He died on Monday in his sleep due to congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, just north of New York City, spokesman Fraser Seitel said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, he led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s. Forbes magazine ranked Mr Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires released on Monday with a fortune of US$3.3 billion (S$4.6 billion). AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE Ex-IRA commander dies of heart condition LONDON • Mr Martin McGuinness, a one-time Irish Republican Army (IRA) commander who later helped negotiate an end to the conflict in Northern Ireland, has died at the age of 66. His Sinn Fein party, which opposes British rule in Northern Ireland and was long considered the political arm of the IRA, announced his death in a statement yesterday. The BBC said he had died of a rare heart condition. British Prime Minister Theresa May paid tribute to him for making "an essential contribution to the extraordinary journey of Northern Ireland from conflict to peace". AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE Tillerson skipping Nato talks for Xi's visit WASHINGTON • US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to skip a meeting with Nato foreign ministers next month in order to stay home for a visit by China's President Xi Jinping and will go to Russia later in April, US officials said, disclosing an itinerary that allies may see as giving Moscow priority over them. Mr Tillerson intends to miss what would have been his first meeting of the 28 Nato allies on April 5-6 in Brussels so that he can attend President Donald Trump's expected April 6-7 talks with Mr Xi at Mr Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, four current and former US officials said on Monday. REUTERS A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on March 22, 2017, with the headline 'World Briefs'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  US NEWS US FOREIGN POLICY BRITAIN More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/476o Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles suo_st-nr_300x200.jpg Connected city fringe living cc_a125543_2017mar08_300x200_article2.jpg 5 reasons to drive a hybrid car in Singapore Shopping Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Rehoming Your Preloved Items? Come To Qsquare market Now! Check Out Super Sales @ Qsquare Market Now! Road Safety Is #1 Important! Get Car Camera Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 27° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Spring Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Stocks fall the most since October, led by declines in banks Updated March 21, 2017 9:38 PM By The Associated Press Reprints + - Trader Michael Capolino works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, March 15, 2017. Photo Credit: AP / Richard Drew advertisement | advertise on newsday U.S. stocks took their biggest loss in five months Tuesday as a health care bill backed by President Donald Trump ran into trouble in Congress, which raised some questions about his agenda of faster economic growth spurred on by lower taxes and cuts in regulations. Bank stocks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped, and so did materials companies like steel and chemicals makers. Most Popular Forbes names James Simons as richest Long Islander RadioShack to sell 731 stores, including 11 on LI LI company closing lab that employs 128 Dick’s hiring 90 workers for new LI store Northrop Grumman unit wins $68.8M contract The dollar weakened. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit the most from Trump’s policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations, fell more than the rest of the market. “President Trump promised that this health care bill would be signed, sealed, delivered within the first couple of weeks of him taking office,” said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer for BMO Capital Markets. “All this is doing is pushing the rest of the agenda out.” The Standard & Poor’s 500 index tumbled 29.45 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,344.02. That was its biggest drop since Oct. 11. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237.85 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite surrendered 107.70 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,793.83. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks plunged 37.55 points, or 2.7 percent, to 1,346.55. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Stocks have fallen for four days in a row, though the previous losses were small. Tuesday’s losses were a reversal of the patterns that have endured since Trump was elected in November, but overall stocks are still sharply higher since then. advertisement | advertise on newsday On Thursday the House of Representatives is scheduled to vote on the Republican-backed American Health Care Act, and despite support from the president on Tuesday, it’s not clear if the House or the Senate will approve the bill. The administration hopes to get a major tax reform package to Congress by August, and a big infrastructure spending proposal may follow next year. Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage LI company closing lab that employs 128 Stocks mixed ahead of U.S. vote on health care See who got hired, promoted on Long Island Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Spring Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
Thursday, March 23, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball NCAA Basketball MMA/UFC NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Golf Shriners Open Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Jobs at the RJ Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Business NV Energy, solar installers...SpeedVegas driving...     Posted March 21, 2017 - 1:44pm Wells Fargo upgrading ATMs to allow cellphone use Wells Fargo upgrading ATMs to allow cellphone use (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg) By KEN SWEET THE ASSOCIATED PRESS NEW YORK — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. “Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs,” said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won’t work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase’s upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. NV Energy, solar installers...SpeedVegas driving...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular Javier Righetti sentenced to death for rape and murder of 15-year-old Alyssa Otremba SpeedVegas driving instructor sues to close Las Vegas track Sandoval’s first veto of 2017 session rejects voter registration initiative Las Vegas police say incident at Summerlin Hospital was ‘false alarm’ Henderson police arrest middle school teacher on suspicion of indecency toward minors Columnists Features Victor Joecks 3 things to watch for on Legislative Session Day 46   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: Renaming McCarran International Airport after Harry Reid would be a branding disaster   Victor Joecks 3 things to watch for on Legislative Session Day 45   Steve Sebelius When it comes to Nevada’s public records, the press just needs to show a little more trust   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR THU 23 FRI 24 SAT 25 SUN 26 MON 27 TUE 28 WED 29 A All Week   Loading... Search     Tweets from https://twitter.com/reviewjournal/lists/rj-business   Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Thursday 23 March Thursday 23 March Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports #Vanguardtraffic Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » News » David Rockefeller, last grandchild of John D. Rockefeller, dies David Rockefeller, last grandchild of John D. Rockefeller, dies On March 21, 201710:59 pmIn News by OkogbaComments Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and a luminary in political circles, died Monday at the age of 101, a spokesman said. He died in his sleep due to congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, just north of New York City, spokesman Fraser Seitel said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, Forbes magazine ranked David Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires released Monday, estimating his fortune of $3.3 billion. David Rockefeller He led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s, and his accomplishments included opening the first Moscow offices of an American bank and the first in mainland China after President Richard Nixon’s 1972 visit there. He also oversaw the growth of Chase Manhattan’s operations in the Middle East, Latin America and Japan, Seitel said. Rockefeller also was well known in political circles in the United States and overseas, where he encountered heads of states from close to 100 countries and was known as an outspoken champion of American capitalism. He was offered the post of Treasury secretary by presidents Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon, but turned both men down, the New York Times reported. Rockefeller famously helped persuade then-president Carter to allow the shah of Iran into the United States for cancer treatment in 1979. The move was widely seen as spurring the Iranian revolution led by the Islamic fundamentalist Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. – Family tradition of philanthropy – Born in 1915, Rockefeller grew up in a mansion in Manhattan and attended Harvard College and then the University of Chicago, where he received a Ph.D. in Economics. He enlisted in the Army and served during World War II in North Africa and Southwestern France. The French government awarded him the Legion of Honor with the rank of Chevalier in 1945. Rockefeller joined Chase National Bank in 1946 as an assistant manager in the foreign department before subsequently overseeing the bank’s business in Latin America. He became co-chief executive in 1961 and later sole chief executive before retiring in 1981. Rockefeller, along with brother Nelson, who was governor of New York state and later vice president under Gerald Ford, helped lead the development of the World Trade Center in the 1960s and 1970s in lower Manhattan. The Twin Towers were dubbed in the press “David” and “Nelson.” The move continued a family tradition that had included the family’s efforts to spur the building of Rockefeller Center during the Great Depression. Among his other most important civic roles, Rockefeller served as chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations and executive committee chair of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother founded. Rockefeller Foundation President Rajiv Shah said in a statement “the world has lost a great man and philanthropist.” Former president George H.W. Bush praised Rockefeller as “one of the most generous philanthropists” whose “keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable advisor to Presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included.” Former president Bill Clinton hailed Rockefeller as “a consummate businessman, a great humanitarian, and a serious scholar.” Rockefeller’s grandfather was one of the original American “robber baron” tycoons of the 19th and early 20th centuries, employing brass-knuckles business tactics to build his oil empire before the US Supreme Court ruled in 1911 that his Standard Oil company should be broken up. Today’s oil giants, including ExxonMobil and Chevron, are descendants of Standard Oil. Ironically, Rockefeller philanthropic organizations have strongly supported action on climate change policy, putting them at odds with oil companies like ExxonMobil. They also provide financing to research and journalism groups that accused the oil giant of knowingly supporting propaganda questioning the science of climate change. The Rockefeller family has been active in philanthropy since patriarch John D. Rockefeller, who funded medical research and higher education programs. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller University and Harvard are each expected to receive some $100 million upon the death of David Rockefeller, according to the magazine Inside Philanthropy. Okogba View all posts by Okogba → Previous Post No special plan to stop Bale: Keane Next Post Naira Watch: Naira rises to N420/$ Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 11:11 amThe son, daughters of Ile Ife: Butchered, now prisoners of war by Fani-Kayode 10:48 am2018 World Cup qualifying tables – European zone 10:46 amFayose, Nnamani clash over electoral reform 10:40 amIkeme injured, Rohr names Okeowo as replacement 10:38 amSouthgate sees positives despite England defeat 10:33 amMMM: As the bubble bursts 10:24 amOyo’s economic hub: Ajimobi’s unrelenting initiatives 9:45 amOndo cleric sentenced to 3 years jail term for defiling boys 9:39 amILE-IFE CRISIS: Tension in Ife as more condemnation trails Abuja parade 9:38 amSummons over grass cutting contract: I won’t appear before you, SGF tells Senate 9:38 amBritish police raid after deadly Westminster attack 9:13 amBorno suicide attack survivor cries over N300 potatoes 8:38 amSultan, Danjuma task religious leaders on unity 8:32 amFitch Ratings reinforces CBN’s hints on banking industry 8:30 amHow To Lower Your Blood Pressure At Home In 4 Weeks Without A Doctor 8:30 am150 million telephone lines in use in Nigeria —NCC 7:20 amHerdsman allegedly rapes 70-yr-old woman in Ebonyi View All Sponsored How To Lower Your Blood Pressure At Home In 4 Weeks Without A Doctor (Naturally and Safely) If you are tired of your high blood pressure, then it will only do you good to read this post to... HostNowNow Blazes The Trail, Becomes First To Accepts Bitcoin Payment For Web Hosting in Nigeria! The 5 Super Solid Ways to Completely Satisfy Any Woman in Bed How You Too Can Last 25 Minutes Longer In Bed Tonight & Permanently End The Pain & Embarrassment Of Premature Ejaculation Editorial Responding to global xenophobia Nigeria’s illusion of grandeur and self-characterisation as the Giant of Africa is being exposed daily for what it reall... The Ife ethnic clashes were avoidable Cartoons Cartoon: Mr & Mrs Most Commented ILE-IFE CRISIS: Tension in Ife as more condemnation trails Abuja parade206 Herdsman allegedly rapes 70-yr-old woman in Ebonyi81 'Situation where S/East has only five states, 95 local got areas is no longer tolerable'53 Dino Melaye files N5bn libel suit against SaharaReporter over certificate scandal38 Alleged Fraud: SGF, Babachir challenges Senate’s invitation in court64 Ohanaeze Ndigbo to capture data of all Igbo189 Naira gains N20 against dollar79 Vanguard awards The hard facts to rescue the Nigerian Economy by Soludo Let me thank the leadership of Vanguard Newspapers for inviting me to lead the discussion on “The Hard Facts to Rescue t... Read More Vanguard Economy Discourse live Videos Breaking: Prime Minister Theresa May bundled out as assailant shoot at UK parliament The UK Prime Minister, Theresa May was on Wednesday bundled out of the parliament into a car and taken off the scene as... Read More E-editions Literature Prize Call for Entries 2017 Afe for Vanguard Moulding Nigeria into a nation (7) All persons elected to the legislature would thus be expected to have regular jobs and would only sit in the hallowed ch... Read More Candid Notes Beware of Yoruba tiger’s tail THE Yorubas say that you learn how to state your case not the art of fighting. The meaning of that is that he would only... Read More Patrick Dele Cole Of economic recession and fuss over a uniform FOR several weeks now the Senate and the Comptroller General of Customs have been embroiled in an argument about the pro... Read More Talking Point The Customs, Hameed Ali and the Nigerian Senate IT’S not everyday Nigerians get to read about the Nigeria Customs Service even when personnel of the agency in the cours... Read More Tip of a New Dawn Ibrahim Magu: Nigerians wait MY article: “Who’s afraid of Ibrahim Magu”, published after the Senate’s first refusal to confirm the acting Chairman of... Read More People & Politics I stand with the Senate (1) If Hameed Ali truly loves his principal, President Buhari, should he allow himself and the Federal Government under Buha... Read More Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» North Korea May Have Ordered $81M Theft at NY Fed Foreigners Allowed to Buy US Radio Stations for First Time Top 10 US Jobs in 2017 Markets End the Day Little Changed What Happens When a Company Kills Work-From-Home Sears Might Go Bust Stocks See Biggest Drop Since September Apple Announces (Red) iPhone, Cheapest-Ever iPad Tech Firm Offers Employees $10K to Move Away From SF Google's Big Headache Involves Its Ads, Nazis, ISIS Disney Characters Had to Pay for Costumes, Problematically Dow Slips 9 Points Money / Wells Fargo Go to Grid|Next Story Soon You'll Be Able to Withdraw Cash Without Debit Card Wells Fargo updating all of its ATMs to add the feature By Newser Editors and Wire Services Posted Mar 21, 2017 4:14 PM CDT 44 comments Comments A woman takes a photo of damaged ATM machines at a Wells Fargo bank in Berkeley, Calif., Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017.   (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) (Newser) – Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards, the AP reports. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still only in certain markets like San Francisco, Miami, and New York. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   5% Hilarious 29% Intriguing 3% Depressing 21% Brilliant 22% Scary 20% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 44 comments Copyright 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. AP contributed to this report. You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Pilot Busted With 230 Pounds of Pot After 3-Airport Sting: Cops Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 44 comments zaphod1 Mar 22, 2017 11:45 PM CDT What could possibly go wrong? dukebravo Mar 22, 2017 7:16 PM CDT I think it's very well thought out, and I'm sure the bank is going to safeguard their cash #1 before they make things more conveinient for you. Think about it, you have to have your phone, log into the app, get a code, and know your PIN. Actually more secure for the bank and maybe slower for you. BUT, you don't have to carry the card. It should have the contactless reader like I use my phone with to make purchases all over town. That would be faster, coupled with a PIN for security. bobf123 Mar 22, 2017 2:59 PM CDT DOES ANYONE AT WELLS FARGO HAVE ANY REAL GREY MATTER? THIS IS THE MOST STUPID IDEA! GOING TO HAVE A LOT OF THEFTS WITH THIS CRAP! View all 44 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Family of Teen Who Drank Liquid Meth at Border Gets $1M 1 Inmate Left to Die as Broken Neck Ignored for Days 2 Mother of 3 Found After Disappearing 11 Years Ago 3 Question From Teenage Boy Leaves Gorsuch Speechless 4 Scientists Issue Dire Warning on Christ's Tomb 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Here's What We Know About the London Terror Attack Cheerleaders Posted Nude Pics of a Teammate Online, and Their Coach's Reaction Was Sickening The Surprising Reason People Don't Believe in Climate Change, According to Science Dozens of People Watched Teen Girl Get Raped on FB Live and Did Nothing To Stop It This Human Library Lets You Check Out People Instead of Books Hero Rite Aid Employee Takes on Shoplifter in Epic Wrestling Battle You Can Find Out Exactly What Google Knows About You Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Israeli Police Make Arrest In Threats Against US Jewish Community Centers Security In NYC Remains Tight In Wake Of London Attack UK Police: Raids, Multiple Arrests In Connection With London Attack Go to CBS Local This Is How You Negotiate a Better Deal Driving in India? Damned Near Religious The Science of Fear (and Facing It) Go to Ozy Dale Earnhardt Jr. calls out the NASCAR driver that called him a d**k It’s time to deep clean that Keurig — here’s how you do it If this doesn’t stop you from texting and driving, nothing will Go to Rare ‘Cash Me Outside’ Girl Has Troubling Response To Vid Of Brutal Fight With Mom Selena Gomez Has Cringeworthy Reply To Joke About Justin Bieber And The Weeknd Photos Of Brave Strangers Helping London Terror Attack Victims Will Give You... Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take smartphone… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Nuggets beat Cavs Salazar won’t run for governor Gorsuch confirmation hearings Snow for Denver Rockies’ tough counts Vail tourism Business Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take smartphone codes, not just cards Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Patrick Sison, Associated Press file A customer uses a Wells Fargo bank ATM in New York in 2016. On March 21, 2017, Wells Fargo announced plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. By The Associated Press PUBLISHED: March 21, 2017 at 3:33 pm | UPDATED: March 21, 2017 at 3:33 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Storm system threatens to dump up to a half foot of snow on Denver Friday Colorado sheriffs say they won’t be shamed by new ICE naughty list Nuggets take big step toward playoffs with rout of defending champion Cavaliers Gun supporters urge lawmakers to allow school employees to carry concealed weapons Priced out of Denver? Don’t go running to the burbs for a house, report says Guest Commentary: Don’t cut back Colorado’s early voting locations and hours By Ken Sweet, The Associated Press  Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines still will accept debit cards as well. “Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs,” said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won’t work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase’s upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. Tags:  More Business News smartphones Wells Fargo Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote March 23, 2017, 7:04 am The GOP’s long-promised legislation to repeal and replace “Obamacare” stood on the brink just hours before Republican leaders planned to put it on the House floor for a showdown vote. Retirement dreams fizzle for some with ‘Obamacare’ repeal March 23, 2017, 12:55 am Workers dreaming of early retirement are getting the jitters as Washington debates replacing the Obama-era health care law with a system that could be a lot more expensive for many older Americans. Donde estan los Mexicanos? Lots of factors play into decline of Mexican travelers in Vail March 23, 2017, 2:03 am Lilting Spanish will soon eclipse English as affluent Mexicans flood the Vail Valley for an annual pilgrimage that dates back decades. But this Semana Santa — Palm Sunday to Easter — may be a bit light on Latinos. Denver’s top economic development priority for 2017: Economic mobility March 22, 2017, 5:00 pm Not all Denver residents have benefitted from the city’s economic rise since 2011, so this year’s JumpStart plan will focus on economic mobility and opportunity for all. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US bank stocks fall as investor hope wanes for policy boosts News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US bank stocks fall as investor hope wanes for policy boosts Posted 22 Mar 2017 05:00 Email More A A REUTERS: Shares in U.S. banks tumbled on Tuesday as investors shrunk back from a post-election rally on worries that President Donald Trump would not be able to live up to his promises for large-scale relief on tax and regulation. Bank of America Corp shares fell 5.8 percent making it the biggest driver for a 3.9 percent sell-off in the S&P's bank subsector and compared with a 5.5 percent drop in the KBW regional bank index and a 1.2 percent drop in the benchmark S&P 500. JPMorgan Chase & Co was the second-biggest drag on the banking index on Tuesday with a roughly 3 percent drop while KeyCorp was the biggest percentage decliner, down 6.5 percent. Investors were worried that if the Trump administration cannot pass a healthcare bill that is up for vote this week, it will be harder to deliver on the promises for tax and regulatory reform, which helped propel bank stocks to their highest levels since November 2007, before the financial crisis. “Financials are a very crowded long trade with Bank of America probably being the most crowded," said RJ Grant, head of trading at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in New York. "The market is starting to get a little fed up with the lack of progress in healthcare because everything else is being put on the backburner." The S&P bank index had its biggest one-day percentage decline since June 27. The index also broke below its key 50-day moving average, likely intensifying selling by technical investors, according to Grant. Among the S&P 500 banks, Bank of America has been the biggest beneficiary of the so-called Trump rally with a 43.7 percent gain between Nov. 8 and March 20, well above the bank sector's 28.6 percent jump, the KBW regional index's 24.4 percent rise and the S&P 500's 10.9 percent rise in the same timeframe. While the regional index has not risen as much as its bigger rivals, investors were pulling out faster on Tuesday as a cut back in regulation would have a bigger impact on these banks as compliance costs make up a bigger percentage of their costs. "People are starting to look at who would suffer the most if regulatory change doesn't go through," said Rick Meckler, president of investment firm LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey. While Trump's regulatory reform and tax cuts would help many industries, investors had particularly high hopes for banks which have been weighed down by onerous regulations aimed at preventing a replay of the recent financial crisis. Banks have also been hurt by trading in U.S. Treasuries around the U.S. Federal Reserve's rate hike announcement last week. Bank investors watch the difference between yields in short-term bonds and long-dated bonds as a narrowing of this gap shrinks bank profits. U.S. Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday. "Since the Fed meeting we've generally seen the 10-year pull back. We've seen the yield curve flatten. Some of the underlying mechanics that have helped financials have slowly started to slow the cracks," said KBW's Grant. (Reporting by Sinead Carew; Additional reporting by Lewis Krauskopf, Chuck Mikolajczak, Rodrigo Campos in New York and Diptendu Lahiri in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Asia shares sink as investors fret over Trump reform outlook - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Sign Up for Weather Alerts Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Asia shares sink as investors fret over Trump reform outlook 2017-03-22T02:56:13Z2017-03-22T02:58:06Z (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan). In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Technology companies are leading stocks slightly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Tuesday, March 21, 2017. By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Shares fell in Asia early Wednesday after U.S. stocks took their biggest loss in five months. The sell-off overnight on Wall Street was spurred by obstacles to a health care bill backed by President Donald Trump that also raised questions over prospects for his agenda of boosting growth by cutting taxes and regulations. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index fell 2 percent to 19,071.35 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index dropped 1.2 percent to 24,306.52. Australia's S&P ASX 200 lost 1.5 percent to 5,685.60. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.9 percent to 2,159.75 and the Shanghai Composite index fell 0.3 percent to 3,250.61. ROUT ON WALL STREET: Banks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped. So did materials companies like steel and chemicals makers and small-company stocks that stand to benefit the most from Trump's policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations. The Standard & Poor's 500 index tumbled 1.1 percent to 2,344.02, its biggest drop since Oct. 11. The Dow Jones industrial average also lost 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite shed 1.8 percent to 5,793.83. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. HEALTH CARE AGENDA: The U.S. House of Representatives is scheduled to vote Thursday on the Republican-backed American Health Care Act, but it's not clear if the House or the Senate will approve the bill. ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "The Trump administration's 100 days of action appear to be becoming 100 days of inaction as investors start running out of patience," Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a commentary. JAPAN TRADE: Japanese shares sank after the U.S. dollar weakened against the yen, potentially hurting earnings of exporters. The government's report that Japan's trade surplus more than doubled in February from a year earlier as exports to Asia surged failed to make up for the yen's gains, which inevitably result in losses for the benchmark Nikkei 225 index. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 8 cents to $48.16 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It fell 67 cents to $48.24 a barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 5 cents to $50.91 a barrel. It closed down 66 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.96 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 111.56 yen from 112.58 yen. The euro rose to $1.0794 from $1.0733. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:21 GMT Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin.More >> Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin.More >> GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:09 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:10 GMT A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters. More >> A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters.More >> Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died.More >> Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died.More >> Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city.More >> Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city.More >> Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids.More >> Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 37° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Showers early, then cloudy in the afternoon. High 63F. Winds SE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 50%.. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 58F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: March 23, 2017 @ 7:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Associated Press In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York.   (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Banks nosedive as Trump health care speedbump tanks stocks By Marley Jay • Associated Press Mar 21, 2017 (…) Associated Press In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York.   (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Updated at 4 p.m. NEW YORK • U.S. stocks took their biggest loss in five months Tuesday as a health care bill backed by President Donald Trump ran into trouble in Congress, which raised some questions about his agenda of faster economic growth spurred on by lower taxes and cuts in regulations. Banks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped, and so did materials companies like steel and chemicals makers. The dollar weakened. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit the most from Trump's policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations, fell more than the rest of the market. "President Trump promised that this health care bill would be signed, sealed, delivered within the first couple of weeks of him taking office," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer for BMO Capital Markets. "All this is doing is pushing the rest of the agenda out." The Standard & Poor's 500 index tumbled 29.45 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,344.02. That was its biggest drop since Oct. 11. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237.85 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite surrendered 107.70 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,793.83. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks plunged 37.55 points, or 2.7 percent, to 1,346.55. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Stocks have fallen for four days in a row, though the previous losses were small. Tuesday's losses were a reversal of the patterns that have endured since Trump was elected in November, but overall stocks are still sharply higher since then. On Thursday the House of Representatives is scheduled to vote on the Republican-backed American Health Care Act, and despite support from the president on Tuesday, it's not clear if the House or the Senate will approve the bill. The administration hopes to get a major tax reform package to Congress by August, and a big infrastructure spending proposal may follow next year. Banks had their worst day in nine months as bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.42 percent from 2.46 percent. Bank of America fell $1.42, or 5.8 percent, to $23.02. KeyCorp sank $1.18, or 6.5 percent, to $16.90, the biggest loss in the S&P 500. JPMorgan Chase gave up $2.64, or 2.9 percent, to $87.39. Still, banks have done far better than the rest of the market since the election. Among transportation companies, United Continental lost $2.21, or 3.3 percent, to $65.28 and railroad operator CSX declined $1.26, or 2.7 percent, to $45.62. Hertz Global skidded $1.86, or 8.7 percent, to $19.40. Companies that make steel, chemicals, and other basic materials also slid. AK Steel plunged 86 cents, or 10.4 percent, to $7.51 and U.S. Steel lost $3.34, or 9 percent, to $33.76. The price of copper also dropped. The metal's price tends to rise when investors are more optimistic about the economy, and copper has risen 14 percent over the last year. It sank 5 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $2.62 a pound on Tuesday. Big-dividend companies, especially utilities, did well. Investors often buy those stocks when bond yields are falling. Dominion Resources rose $1.38, or 1.8 percent, to $78.21 and PPL gained 67 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $37.47. Some household goods makers also rose. Jack Daniel's whisky maker Brown-Forman climbed 47 cents, or 1 percent, to $47.28. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, said investors are taking some profits after the market's long post-election winning streak, but noted that Wall Street is especially eager for the administration's tax reform proposals. "I think investors see (corporate tax reform) as more important in terms of supporting the stock market even if it's not as important in terms of its effect on the economy" as health care, she said. See how St. Louis stocks are faring See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Who's hired? Check our People in Business Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Food companies fell after General Mills posted a better-than-expected profit but weaker sales. The Cheerios maker faces more competitive pricing and a market that has been shifting demand from processed foods. Its stock dipped 50 cents to $59.76, and Kellogg shed $1.38, or 1.8 percent, to $73.60. Campbell Soup gave up $1.91 or 3.2 percent, to $57.09. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 88 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $47.34 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, closed down 66 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $50.96 a barrel in London. The price of gold jumped $12.50, or 1 percent, to $1,246.50 an ounce. Silver gained 15 cents to $17.58 an ounce. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost 1 cent to $1.61 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas rose 5 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $3.09 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar slipped to 111.90 yen from 112.58 yen. The euro rose to $1.0804 from $1.0733. The DAX of Germany fell 1.1 percent and the British FTSE 100 lost 0.6 percent. France's CAC 40 made big early gains after a debate between the nation's candidates for president, but it finished 0.5 percent lower. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 slipped 0.3 percent. The Kospi in South Korea rose 1 percent and in Hong Kong the Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Business General News Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Financial Markets Food Manufacturing Food Beverage And Tobacco Products Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Currency Markets Passenger Airlines Airlines Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Japanese Yen Tablet Computers Personal Computers Computer Hardware Consumer Electronics Technology Nikkei 225 Finance Economics Bank View (…) comments Most popular St. Louis office market looks the best it has in years, but clouds on horizon for some areas J.C. Penney lists store closings — and St. Louis dodges a bullet Trump, Koch brothers at odds over 'Trumpcare' vote St. Louis women make inroads into male-dominated liquor business Last historic Pevely building to be demolished, making way for SLU campus expansion Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Stocks mixed ahead of U.S. vote seen as Trump bellwether MSD, city launch program to tear down old houses for green space Slay wants to look at putting Lambert airport under private management Time's running out to nominate a Top Workplace in St. Louis Sears shares sink as creditors, investors fret over going-concern risk Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Tickets on sale now for the 2017 Women of Achievement Luncheon. You could be featured in the Post-Dispatch and STLtoday.com and win $50! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Latest News Dow 20,647 -14.17 -0.07% Nasdaq 5,815 -6.60 -0.11% S&P 500 2,348 -0.95 -0.04% 9:39 A.M. ET Here’s what happens to tax reform if the health bill passes — or doesn’t 9:37 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops after profit outlook was below expectations 9:36 A.M. ET Live blog and video of SEC chairman nominee Clayton confirmation hearing 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices turn lower as focus returns to oversupply 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as as investors focus on health-care vote 9:30 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% 9:30 A.M. ET Dow retreats 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET S&P 500 off 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as vote on Republican health-care bill looms 9:30 A.M. ET Luxury Buildings Push Elevators to New Heights 9:23 A.M. ET Trump on his performance: ‘I’m president and you’re not’ 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin U.S. stocks open lower Thursday as health-care vote looms Home Markets U.S. & Canada The Tell Get email alerts Blame options expiration, not politics, for stock-market pullback, says top quant By William Watts Published: Mar 22, 2017 1:27 p.m. ET Share Market entering ‘vulnerable phase’: JPM’s Kolanovic Getty Images Investors still ignoring political drama? By WilliamWatts Deputy markets editor Don’t blame politics for the stock market’s turn south. The stage was set in the options market at the end of last week, says Marko Kolanovic, the widely followed head of derivative and quantitative strategies at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. In a Tuesday note, he reminded clients that he had previously warned that the expiration of options could “lift the lid” on subdued market volatility and put downward pressure on stocks. Friday marked the quarterly “quadruple witching” event, in which options on individual stocks, stock indexes, stock-index futures and single-stock futures simultaneously expire. After expiration, Kolanovic says the put-call “gamma imbalance” shifted toward puts, which give holders the right but not the obligation to sell the underlying instrument at a set price by a certain time, for the first time in around five months. Calls give the holder the right but not the obligation to buy. Gamma is a measure of derivative price movement. That shift, Kolanovic writes, left the market “free” to move again and that, “hence, it should not be a surprise that today, for the first time in around five months, we have a meaningful down move and intraday acceleration.” See: A popular stock-market ‘black swan’ gauge is at a record The S&P 500 SPX, -0.13%  and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.11%  both fell more than 1% on Tuesday, the biggest one-day decline for both indexes since October. The declines broke a 109-day streak of settlements without a 1%-or-greater fall. Kolanovic said the S&P 500 option gamma imbalance turned around $20 billion toward puts on Monday, “significantly contributing to the selling.” He noted there was also a break in short-term, or one-month, momentum that may have inspired “modest equity selling” by commodity trading advisers, who employ momentum-trading strategies. An uptick in realized volatility, meanwhile, is starting to cause outflows from volatility-sensitive investors, he said. Meanwhile, a pullback by bond yields, which fall as bond prices rise, could reflect short covering by speculators who had placed record bets that bond prices would decline, he said. Falling yields and a flatter yield curve have been blamed for a selloff in financial stocks on Tuesday. Kolanovic, in his note, warned that the bond short covering could inadvertently provide a “’fundamental’ narrative to this largely technical selling.’” Read: Here’s the latest sign the ‘Trump trade’ is losing traction The market is entering a vulnerable phase, with increased volatility potentially contributing to further equity outflows, said Kolanovic. And while political headlines flew fast and furious Tuesday over the fate of a Trump-backed health-care plan and France’s presidential race, he maintains the price action Tuesday was “primarily technical and should not be fitted into a political narrative.” More from MarketWatch How Much Does the U.S. Spend on Foreign Aid and Why? Tony Robbins says this is how to get rich when the market tanks Suddenly, stock-market investors fear Trump will drop the fiscal-policy baton Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References SPX -3.09 -0.13% DJIA -22.07 -0.11% Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy William Watts William Watts is MarketWatch's deputy markets editor, based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @wlwatts. MarketWatch Partner Center William Watts William Watts is MarketWatch's deputy markets editor, based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @wlwatts. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,345.36 -3.09 (-0.13%) Volume 65.1M Open 2,346 High 2,346 Low 2,343 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,639.23 -22.07 (-0.11%) Volume 11.5M Open 20,645 High 20,648 Low 20,619 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close 1 of 2 Richard Drew FILE - In this Friday, March 17, 2017, file photo, Wells Fargo CEO & President Timothy Sloan is interviewed in one of his bank's branches in New York. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Wells Fargo announced plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Patrick Sison FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2016, file photo, a customer uses a Wells Fargo bank ATM in New York. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Wells Fargo announced plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. (AP Photo/Patrick Sison, File) AP Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards By KEN SWEET AP Business Writer Mar 21, 2017 Updated 22 hrs ago Richard Drew FILE - In this Friday, March 17, 2017, file photo, Wells Fargo CEO & President Timothy Sloan is interviewed in one of his bank's branches in New York. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Wells Fargo announced plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Patrick Sison FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2016, file photo, a customer uses a Wells Fargo bank ATM in New York. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Wells Fargo announced plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. (AP Photo/Patrick Sison, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. "Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs," said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase's upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business Technology Consumer Banking Banking And Credit Financial Services Latest in section Nordstrom Rack planning grand opening celebration in Schererville 17,000 AT&T workers in California and Nevada go on strike AP Interview: Emirates defends security as laptop ban looms GOP leaders boost pressure as health bill crunch time nears 15 delicious dishes that say Region More on this topic 17,000 AT&T workers in California and Nevada go on strike AP Interview: Emirates defends security as laptop ban looms GOP leaders boost pressure as health bill crunch time nears Trump's SEC pick, an ex-Goldman lawyer, to face skepticism The Latest: Lawmaker wants public debate on climate change Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Babysitter arrested in Hammond infant's death Two men charged in East Chicago gang killing UPDATE: Munster boy hit by school bus in stable condition Roundabout proposed for dangerous Ind. 2 intersection Massive rail car plant to be built in Hegewisch Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Northwest Indiana Real Estate Listings Where tenants are getting soaked: Big cities with the highest rent +19 Lifestyles Photos: Scenes from Tokyo Fashion Week Basketball March Madness 2017: Who will win the first round? 8 One-Pot Pastas Alberta Clipper: Train ride saves Flames, Oilers on a roll Coach Eric Musselman says he's staying at Nevada Movie of Vince Flynn's 'American Assassin' to debut Sept. 15 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses CLEAR EAR 827 W GLEN PARK 45TH AVE, GRIFFITH, IN 46319 INTEGRITY MEDICAL CENTER 2 SOUTH PEARL STREET, KNOX, IN 46534 Judd & Son Chimney Service, Inc. Serving Schererville and surrounding areas, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads Theodoros & Rooth, P.C. 8750 Broadway, Suite A, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Jack & Vernon's Septic Service Need an Estimate for Septic or Sewer Problems? Call Jack & Vernon's Septic Service Today! Updated Mar 16, 2017 House Of Bianco Beauty Concepts & Day Spa If you are Looking for a way to Pamper that Special Someone~House of Bianco has just the solution! Updated Mar 16, 2017 Duneland Painting Company Duneland Painting Company is now offering 10% off all interior painting projects, now through March 31, 2017! Updated Mar 16, 2017 Theodoros & Rooth, P.C. Theodoros & Rooth, P.C. Offers Free Consultations Updated Mar 16, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Believe it or not, people are actually leaving Yelp reviews for Super swarm: Here's why hawks are amassing at Calif. state park Pence busters 8 to 10 men reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Disney, Universal battle tax bill for Florida theme parks A look at victims of the attack outside London's Parliament The Latest: Westminster Bridge reopens after attack Israel police arrest suspect in threats on US Jewish targets Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors United States blanks Puerto Rico to win WBC title Ex-Cal guard Mathews finds peace at Gonzaga Barry Bonds: ‘Timing is just right’ to rejoin Giants Haley Van Dyke leads Campolindo girls into state final Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Alaska Airlines to drop Virgin America name in 2019 Tech workers fear diversity efforts could be undermined Thousands of AT&T workers strike over work assignments Movie money, butterbeer ice cream, Instagram appointments A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Classic comedies with free beer at the Balboa on Saturday nights The latest from Dear Abby Berkeley Rep announces 2017-18 season Big Sean riding on big ‘Bounce’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Bill Niman sells BN Ranch to Blue Apron Toast doesn't cost $4 in SF anymore ... in some spots, it's way Fieldwork's Vermont Farmhouse Ale sparks feud with state of Hitachino Beer & Wagyu's bar is officially open to the public Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Controversial ‘Girlie Glue’ allows parents to stick St. Patrick's Day in San Francisco through the years: Nobody does Growing algae bloom in Arabian Sea tied to climate change Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Barn transforms riverfront in West Sacramento The Latin-flavored cuisine of Woodland Insider: Good times brewing in Yolo Clarksburg AVA the little wine-growing region that could Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Two Oakland homes for just one dollar—with one very large Former Noe Valley firehouse back on the market—with a Wraparound garden adds to appeal of updated Craftsman in Oakland $25M estate, formerly Bill Graham’s, is Marin’s Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Thiel-s-Palantir-early-investor-Abramowitz-in-11017856.php Thiel’s Palantir, early investor Abramowitz in court battle By Lizette Chapman Updated 5:01 pm, Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Photo: Sean Gallup, Getty Images Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Palantir Technologies CEO Alex Karp, here in Germany last year, and other executives are fighting investor Marc Abramowitz over his sale of stock. Palantir Technologies CEO Alex Karp, here in Germany last year, and other executives are fighting investor Marc Abramowitz over his sale of stock. Photo: Sean Gallup, Getty Images Thiel’s Palantir, early investor Abramowitz in court battle 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Marc Abramowitz thought he’d found kindred spirits in the founders of Palantir Technologies. Like CEO Alex Karp and billionaire Chairman Peter Thiel, Abramowitz was a Stanford University alumnus looking to build a business empire. In 2006, Abramowitz made an investment in their then-unknown startup and became a regular around its Palo Alto office. Palantir has risen to be a global data mining giant with a $20 billion valuation. Abramowitz’s shares are estimated to be worth $60 million. But his relationship with the founders has turned toxic, and they now have competing lawsuits in two states. Abramowitz’s suit was filed this month in Delaware’s Chancery Court, saying Palantir thwarted his efforts to sell shares and that the company must disclose its books and records. Bloomberg has obtained an unredacted copy of the suit, which hasn’t been previously reported. It alleges that Palantir blocked a planned sale of Abramowitz’s shares to Chinese private equity firm CDH Investments Fund Management and that Palantir violated an agreement with Abramowitz to provide him with quarterly financial statements and access to shareholder meetings. Palantir, which sued Abramowitz in September for attempting to claim patent ownership for the company’s work, said the new suit is without merit. It said it shouldn’t have to disclose information about its inner workings or finances because Abramowitz’s interests are at odds with the company’s. “This lawsuit is nothing more than a blatant attempt to distract from Mr. Abramowitz’s unlawful and egregious theft of our intellectual property,” Palantir said in an email. Founded in 2004, Palantir is among Silicon Valley’s most highly valued and secretive companies. In addition to Abramowitz’s investment firm KT4 Partners, an early backer was In-Q-Tel, the venture capital arm of the CIA. Palantir’s customers include government spy agencies around the world. It’s well-positioned to cash in on more government work thanks to Thiel’s relationship with President Trump. The legal battles highlight the contentious relationships between startup investors and companies that want to maintain tight control of stockholders. Investors rarely receive financial updates and wield little influence over their ability to cash out through a stock sale, merger or initial public offering. Thiel maintains a variety of business interests, from Internet, finance and energy to rocket ships. Abramowitz has his own eclectic mix of holdings. He has owned, operated or invested in a medical startup, a lumber business and a hobby-and-craft store, according to a former employer, private-equity firm Riverlake Partners. Abramowitz purchased Palantir shares through his KT4 Partners from 2006 to 2008, according to the suit. He claimed contracts entitled him to quarterly financial statements and annual shareholder meetings, neither of which ever took place. This didn’t appear to bother him much at the time, because he began to frequent the startup’s headquarters. He spent so much time there from 2010 to 2015 that he requested his own office, according to the suit filed by Palantir in September. Palantir’s trust in Abramowitz broke down after the investor filed for five patents in his name for work completed by the company, according to the September lawsuit. Palantir claims that he stole trade secrets. During the past two years, Palantir interfered in two attempts by Abramowitz’s firm to sell stock, according to his suit. KT4 Partners negotiated in May to sell preferred shares to Highbridge Capital Management LLC, a fund that was once majority-owned by JPMorgan Chase Co. When Abramowitz’s group notified Palantir of the sale, Palantir dispatched an adviser to Highbridge in an attempt to persuade the firm to purchase shares directly from the company. Alexander Fishman, the adviser and a former Palantir employee, was told by a Highbridge managing partner to leave because an agreement had already been made. Palantir’s CEO personally intervened to approve the transaction after he was informed that JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon was going to contact him, the suit alleged. In December 2015, KT4 Partners and other shareholders, including early Palantir employee Rosco Hill, had negotiated the sale of hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of stock to a fund organized by TPG. The planned buyer was China’s CDH Investments, according to the unredacted court filing. Hill, who once served as “advisor to the CEO,” told Palantir about the proposed sale, and the company again dispatched the same advisory firm as before. CDH Investments backed out of the deal after that meeting, the suit said. Stuart Schonberger, a managing director at CDH Investments who was involved in the proposed deal, didn’t respond to a request for comment. In August 2016, Palantir sought to retroactively amend the contracts with Abramowitz’s firm to remove references to financial disclosures and annual meetings, the suit said. It also tried to stipulate that incoming shareholders wouldn’t have access to such information if KT4 Partners sold its shares. A month later, Palantir filed suit. Since then, its CEO has begun to publicly entertain the idea of providing a consistent way for stockholders to cash out, including a potential IPO. Lizette Chapman is a Bloomberg writer. Email: lchapman19@bloomberg.net Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TERROR ATTACK IN LONDON IS group claims responsibility for London car,knife attack Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor 5 dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament LATEST NEWS Israeli teen arrested in threats on US Jewish targets Joanne Kyger, trailblazing Beat poet, dies at 82 8 to 10 reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus Man tries to drag girl walking on SF street into car Police: Car break-in in Berkeley uncovers criminal den California Supreme Court to rule on gun law Officials: White House fence jumper caught by shoelaces Sisters say border agent sexually assaulted them The best Hunter Pence signs (and sign tweets) of all time Barry Bonds: ‘Timing is just right’ to rejoin Giants United States blanks Puerto Rico to win WBC title Super swarm: Why hawks are amassing at Calif. state park The best spring hikes in the Bay Area People actually leave Yelp reviews for Bay Area roads and tunnels Funniest one-star Yelp reviews of prestigious restaurants Veggie burger that 'bleeds' set to take on US market As the Jewish deli scene fades, Wise Sons grows TODAY'S TOP PICKS Two Oakland homes for just one dollar—with one big caveat Talbot: We need to support homeless solutions 3-year-old American girl meets pope, steals his hat Most Popular 1 Woman, 73, beaten unconscious in attack on BART train 2 Britons are denouncing Donald Trump Jr.'s attack on London's... 3 8 to 10 men reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus 4 Man tries to drag girl walking on SF street into car 5 California may face 'significant risk' from dam 6 Horoscope for Thursday, 3/23/17 by Christopher Renstrom 7 When people leave the Bay Area, where do they go? 8 Car break-in in Berkeley uncovers criminal den, police say 9 Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor 10 'Wheel of Fortune' contestant ridiculed after epic blunder THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards Updated: March 21, 2017 — 3:01 PM EDT Facebook icon 2Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Owner of iconic gay bar key to Philly DA case Mar 22 - 7:25 PM Williams' prime target — his mom's money, feds say Mar 22 - 6:02 PM by KEN SWEET, The Associated Press Close icon KEN SWEET The Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) - Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. "Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs," said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase's upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. Published: March 21, 2017 — 3:01 PM EDT Do you have a minute?... Over the past year, the Inquirer, the Daily News and Philly.com have uncovered corruption in local and state public offices, shed light on hidden and dangerous environmental risks, and deeply examined the region’s growing heroin epidemic. This is indispensable journalism, brought to you by the largest, most experienced newsroom in the region. Fact-based journalism of this caliber isn’t cheap. We need your support to keep our talented reporters, editors and photographers holding government accountable, looking out for the public interest, and separating fact from fiction. If you already subscribe, thank you. If not, please consider doing so by clicking on the button below. Subscriptions can be home delivered in print, or digitally read on nearly any mobile device or computer, and start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in business Transportation › What travel experts are saying about the airline electronics ban Labor and Unions › How ban-the-box rules help ex-offenders, hurt women, young people PhillyDeals › Art gifts: Shrinking DuPont donates Wyeths from ex-HQ, hotel Riverkeeper's suit against federal pipeline agency is dismissed A federal judge has dismissed the Delaware Riverkeeper Network’s suit alleging that a federal agency responsible for approving large... No property taxes, no problem: Study finds controversial abatement has been positive for Philly Nike, Sears give markets bad news on a mixed day NEW YORK - After a shaky start, U.S. stocks finished mostly higher Wednesday as technology and industrial companies rose. Banks fell with interest... Mounting debt, empty offices at Kushner tower The Manhattan tower co-owned by the family of Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law, has been losing money for three years and faces increasing... PMN guild members vote down contract offer that would end seniority How defense lawyers would fight case against Williams Blue, red, urban, rural -- Pa. voters back help for ex-offenders 7 medical pot sites across Philly get zoning OK Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Submit Nomination Executive Circle Awards Diversity in Business Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Event Sponsorship Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Reader Rankings Subscribe Manage Account News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Event Sponsorship Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Reader Rankings Home / Editor's Picks / Stocks post their biggest loss this year Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! AP Photo Stocks post their biggest loss this year By: The Associated Press March 21, 2017 0 U.S. stocks had their biggest drop this year, led by declines in banks. Financial companies, which soared in the months since the U.S. presidential election, fell sharply Tuesday. Bank of America sank 5.8 percent, while JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo each lost about 3 percent. A drop in bond yields helped push financial stocks lower. Lower yields mean lower interest rates on mortgages and other kinds of loans. Industrial companies and transportation stocks also fell. United Continental dropped 3.3 percent. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 29 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2,344. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668. The Nasdaq composite dropped 107 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,793. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Dow Jones Economy Nasdaq stock market stocks 4:19 pm Tue, March 21, 2017 The Associated Press Tagged with: Dow Jones Economy Nasdaq stock market stocks Sears has “substantial doubt” about its future March 22, 2017 Stocks near biggest loss of 2017 as banks plunge March 21, 2017 Slight losses for US stocks in early trading Tuesday March 21, 2017 Target revamps stores for those in a rush, those who ramble March 21, 2017 Rich New Yorkers ask state to raise their taxes March 21, 2017 Karyn Schoenbart takes helm of NPD Group March 20, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. After a bumpy start, stocks manage gains Wednesday by The Associated Press | Mar. 22 Howard Blankman dies at 91 by LIBN Staff | Mar. 22 AARP, Union protest GOP healthcare bill by Adina Genn | Mar. 22 LI medical building fetches $14.65M by David Winzelberg | Mar. 22 Funeral held for pugnacious NY journalist Jimmy Breslin by The Associated Press | Mar. 22 Movers & Shakers Discover Long Island appoints five Autologic Diagnostics adds one LICADD names director of philanthropy PM Pediatrics appoints one director Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now LIBN on Flickr Follow Us Subscribe To RSS Feed 16,845 Followers 2,660 Fans The Poll Does your company have a plan in case its social media is hacked? Yes - And we've been hacked before Yes - Thankfully, we have never been hacked No - But I think we should No - And I don't think it's necessary I'm not sure My company doesn't use social media View Results  Loading ... Tweets by LIBN My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts After a bumpy start, stocks manage gains Wednesday Howard Blankman dies at 91 AARP, Union protest GOP healthcare bill LI medical building fetches $14.65M Funeral held for pugnacious NY journalist Jimmy Breslin Melting business: Warmer US winter hurts small companies LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2017 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also NY construction firms to rally for spending on roads, pipes Group said projects will create good jobs  Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Mar 23, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Stocks post their biggest loss this year Led by declines in banks ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 21, 2017 Traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Jan. 12. ASSOCIATED PRESS BLADE Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — U.S. stocks had their biggest drop in six months, led by declines in banks. Financial companies, which soared in the months since the U.S. presidential election, fell sharply today. BLADE Enlarge RELATED: Searchable stock index Bank of America sank 5.8 percent, while JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo each lost about 3 percent. A drop in bond yields helped push financial stocks lower. Lower yields mean lower interest rates on mortgages and other kinds of loans. Industrial companies and transportation stocks also fell. United Continental dropped 3.3 percent. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 29 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2,344. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668. The Nasdaq composite dropped 107 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,793. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. Related Items united states , north america , JPMorgan Chase & Co , Bank of America Corporation , KeyCorp , Wells Fargo & Co Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   | THE GRID POPULAR FRONT PAGE Today Yesterday Pick a Date SUGGEST A STORY   NO MORE STORIES Money / Dow Jones Stocks See Biggest Drop Since September Dow falls 237 By Newser Editors and Wire Services Posted Mar 21, 2017 3:07 PM CDT 32 comments Comments Trader Patrick Casey, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, March 20, 2017.   (AP Photo/Richard Drew)Trader Patrick Casey, right, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, March 20, 2017.   (AP Photo/Richard Drew) (Newser) – US stocks had their biggest drop in six months, led by declines in banks, the AP reports. Financial companies, which soared in the months since the US presidential election, fell sharply Tuesday. Bank of America sank 5.8%, while JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo each lost about 3%. A drop in bond yields helped push financial stocks lower. Lower yields mean lower interest rates on mortgages and other kinds of loans. Industrial companies and transportation stocks also fell. United Continental dropped 3.3%. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 29 points, or 1.2%, to 2,344. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237 points, or 1.1%, to 20,668. The Nasdaq composite dropped 107 points, or 1.8%, to 5,793. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   27% Hilarious 21% Intriguing 18% Depressing 18% Brilliant 11% Scary 5% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 32 comments Copyright 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. AP contributed to this report. You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 32 comments Roadcrew Mar 21, 2017 9:13 PM CDT Didn't libtards said Trump's boom was because of Obama? Top-Cat Mar 21, 2017 6:07 PM CDT the li'l trumpy effect is setting in............all the great gains during the Obama years are slipping away with li'l trumpy in office...................https://media1.fdncms.com/tucsonweekly/imager/u/original/7430277/lil_trumpy_one.jpg backtooakland Mar 21, 2017 5:37 PM CDT LMAO! I got out of the stock market quite a while back exactly for this reason. Two steps forward - two steps back. View all 32 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Family of Teen Who Drank Liquid Meth at Border Gets $1M 1 Inmate Left to Die as Broken Neck Ignored for Days 2 Mother of 3 Found After Disappearing 11 Years Ago 3 Question From Teenage Boy Leaves Gorsuch Speechless 4 Scientists Issue Dire Warning on Christ's Tomb 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Here's What We Know About the London Terror Attack Cheerleaders Posted Nude Pics of a Teammate Online, and Their Coach's Reaction Was Sickening The Surprising Reason People Don't Believe in Climate Change, According to Science Dozens of People Watched Teen Girl Get Raped on FB Live and Did Nothing To Stop It This Human Library Lets You Check Out People Instead of Books Hero Rite Aid Employee Takes on Shoplifter in Epic Wrestling Battle You Can Find Out Exactly What Google Knows About You Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Israeli Police Make Arrest In Threats Against US Jewish Community Centers Security In NYC Remains Tight In Wake Of London Attack UK Police: Raids, Multiple Arrests In Connection With London Attack Go to CBS Local This Is How You Negotiate a Better Deal Driving in India? Damned Near Religious The Science of Fear (and Facing It) Go to Ozy Dale Earnhardt Jr. calls out the NASCAR driver that called him a d**k It’s time to deep clean that Keurig — here’s how you do it If this doesn’t stop you from texting and driving, nothing will Go to Rare ‘Cash Me Outside’ Girl Has Troubling Response To Vid Of Brutal Fight With Mom Selena Gomez Has Cringeworthy Reply To Joke About Justin Bieber And The Weeknd Photos Of Brave Strangers Helping London Terror Attack Victims Will Give You... Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Markets Right Now: US stocks fall the most since September     By The Associated Press March 21, 2017     NEW YORK, N.Y. - The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. U.S. stocks had their biggest drop in six months, led by declines in banks. Financial companies, which soared in the months since the U.S. presidential election, fell sharply Tuesday. Bank of America sank 5.8 per cent, while JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo each lost about 3 per cent. A drop in bond yields helped push financial stocks lower. Lower yields mean lower interest rates on mortgages and other kinds of loans. Industrial companies and transportation stocks also fell. United Continental dropped 3.3 per cent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 29 points, or 1.2 per cent, to 2,344. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237 points, or 1.1 per cent, to 20,668. The Nasdaq composite dropped 107 points, or 1.8 per cent, to 5,793. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. ___ 11:45 a.m. The stock market is on track for its biggest loss so far this year as banks and industrial companies move sharply lower. Major banks were sinking along with bond yields in midday trading Tuesday. Lower yields mean lower interest rates on mortgages and other kinds of loans, which makes lending money less profitable. Bank of America dropped 4.5 per cent and KeyCorp fell 4.2 per cent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 18 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 2,355. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 149 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 20,756. The Nasdaq composite dropped 63 points, or 1.1 per cent, to 5,837. Small-company stocks and transportation companies fell more than the rest of the market. Bond prices rose. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.423 per cent. ___ 9:35 a.m. Technology companies are leading stocks slightly higher in early trading on Wall Street. Apple and Microsoft each rose about 1 per cent in the first few minutes of trading Tuesday. Apple announced an update to its iPad tablet and a lower price. The gains were broad. All 11 industry sectors in the Standard & Poor's 500 index rose. In addition to tech, health care and energy companies were also doing better than the rest of the market. The S&P 500 was up 7 points, or 0.3 per cent, to end at 2,380. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 56 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 20,962. The Nasdaq composite gained 23 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 5,924.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Food Retail Industry in Canada - Porter's Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 - Research and Markets Canada's Pharmaceutical Industry - Porter's Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 - Research and Markets Synaptive Medical Expands Medtech Expertise Through Board Additions           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us National & International March 21, 2017 3:17 PM Markets Right Now: Stocks post their biggest loss this year The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW YORK The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. U.S. stocks had their biggest drop this year, led by declines in banks. Financial companies, which soared in the months since the U.S. presidential election, fell sharply Tuesday. Bank of America sank 5.8 percent, while JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo each lost about 3 percent. A drop in bond yields helped push financial stocks lower. Lower yields mean lower interest rates on mortgages and other kinds of loans. Industrial companies and transportation stocks also fell. United Continental dropped 3.3 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 29 points, or 1.2 percent, to 2,344. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668. The Nasdaq composite dropped 107 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,793. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. ___ 11:45 a.m. The stock market is on track for its biggest loss so far this year as banks and industrial companies move sharply lower. Major banks were sinking along with bond yields in midday trading Tuesday. Lower yields mean lower interest rates on mortgages and other kinds of loans, which makes lending money less profitable. Bank of America dropped 4.5 percent and KeyCorp fell 4.2 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 18 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,355. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 149 points, or 0.7 percent, to 20,756. The Nasdaq composite dropped 63 points, or 1.1 percent, to 5,837. Small-company stocks and transportation companies fell more than the rest of the market. Bond prices rose. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.423 percent. ___ 9:35 a.m. Technology companies are leading stocks slightly higher in early trading on Wall Street. Apple and Microsoft each rose about 1 percent in the first few minutes of trading Tuesday. Apple announced an update to its iPad tablet and a lower price. The gains were broad. All 11 industry sectors in the Standard & Poor's 500 index rose. In addition to tech, health care and energy companies were also doing better than the rest of the market. The S&P 500 was up 7 points, or 0.3 percent, to end at 2,380. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 56 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,962. The Nasdaq composite gained 23 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,924. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National & International Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:22 Meet some of the beagles and mice used for research at the University of Kentucky Pause 3:01 Overland Park woman returns to her burnt-out house near CityPlace development 1:17 KU fans show up in big numbers to watch Sweet 16 practice 4:23 Crown Chasers episode five: Royals want to reclaim spark that changed a losing culture 2:33 Frank Mason on teacher who flunked him: 'I'm thankful she didn't help me take the easy way out' 2:28 Purdue, KU players on keys to victory in Sweet 16 matchup 1:50 Adoption by the numbers: Hundreds of children in Kansas await new families 1:03 Cuonzo Martin reminisces about Purdue's Sweet 16 win vs. Kansas 0:54 Family Wanted: Five siblings want to stay together 2:37 Gorsuch: 'I have no difficulty ruling against or for any party' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 days ago Justice Department accuses Russian spies of Yahoo hack 1:59 6 days ago Justice Department accuses Russian spies of Yahoo hack 1:17 7 hours ago KU fans show up in big numbers to watch Sweet 16 practice 0:26 8 hours ago Purdue's Isaac Haas on being called Ivan Drago View more video National & International Asian shares up as Wall Street steadies, with eye on US vote GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote Obama health law's 'essential benefits' may be in jeopardy Republican health bill would widen America's big wealth gap In Trump's America, Hungary finds a friendlier partner Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Mar 23, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Business Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards Company plans to upgrade all 13K of its ATMs next week ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 21, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan today at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. “Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs,” said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won’t work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase’s upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. Related Items united states , north america , Wells Fargo & Co , Bank of America Corporation , Citigroup Inc , JPMorgan Chase & Co , new york Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Same-old-same-old pay raise?•VA's hiring problem•Military's backbone•ICE needs 10K agents Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Wells Fargo: All ATMs… Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards By KEN SWEET and The Associated Press March 21, 2017 4:33 pm 2 min read Share NEW YORK (AP) — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. Sponsored Content: Why Governance, Risk and Compliance is Everyone’s Business - Download the Executive Brief Today. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. Advertisement “Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs,” said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won’t work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase’s upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. Topics: All News Business News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Wells Fargo: All ATMs… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1983: Reagan calls for new antimissile technology Federal News Radio presents a daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Photo of the Day Gary Sinise receives award at USO awards dinner Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Top Stories Workforce 'horror stories' leave jobs unfilled, CBP, ICE tell Senate Top Story Air Force and Army will be hit hard by yearlong CR Defense Will Trump follow longstanding tradition for adjusting federal pay in 2018? Pay Why some lawmakers are making recruitment calls to get new talent into the VA Hearings/Oversight 10 years later, State better equipped for anticipated flood of passport applications Exclusive THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 22, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6847 0.0055 1.39% L 2020 25.0854 0.0102 2.42% L 2030 27.7720 0.0142 3.47% L 2040 29.8109 0.0167 3.99% L 2050 17.0466 0.0098 4.47% G Fund 15.2672 0.0010 0.38% F Fund 17.5956 0.0360 0.94% C Fund 32.5407 0.0620 5.95% S Fund 41.8781 0.0222 4.66% I Fund 26.2056 -0.0460 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Federal News Radio Featured Events, Partnerships, and Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Las Vegas Sun March 23, 2017 Currently: 54° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World HS sports awards nomination Newsletter signup Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards Ben Margot / AP In this July 14, 2014, file photo, a man passes by a Wells Fargo bank office in Oakland, Calif. By Ken Sweet, Associated Press Tuesday, March 21, 2017 | 1:03 p.m. NEW YORK — Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still only in certain markets like San Francisco, Miami and New York. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. "Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs," said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Most Popular Viewed Trending Police: Cab driver arrested after sex assault seen on video SBE set to merge with Hakkasan Group 17,000 AT&T workers in Nevada and California go on strike Titus: AHCA tax cuts would allow 1-percenters to buy Lamborghini, 26 Rolexes Reduced $25K fine opens door for McGregor-Mayweather fight Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Music: Panic! at the Disco still has the fever Dining: Libertine's Saturday night special Chris Phillips: On myriad Vegas gigs, becoming new dad Featured Galleries Adobe Summit at Palazzo Neil Gorsuch Confirmation Hearing The Big Squeeze Begins More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 23 Thu 24 Fri 25 Sat 26 Sun 27 Mon Matilda the Musical Smith Center for the Performing Arts Flosstradamus Intrigue Rod Stewart The Colosseum All events on Thursday » Tenors of Rock Harrah's | 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. Zumanity Zumanity Theatre Mystere Treasure Island Theatre All events on Friday » Cirque du Soleil's KA MGM Grand Hotel and Casino The Beatles LOVE LOVE Theatre <em>O</em> by Cirque du Soleil Bellagio Resort and Casino All events on Saturday » Spinning Into Butter Art Square Unique Massive Double Down Saloon Michael Jackson One by Cirque du Soleil Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino All events on Sunday » Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas <em>Le Rêve – The Dream</em> Le Reve Theater Michael Jackson One by Cirque du Soleil Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino All events on Monday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 40-57 We set you thinking Thursday 23 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Man arrested trying to drive into crowd in Belgium's Antwerp: Police 1490275860 World We are not afraid: Londoners unite post terror attack 1490275020 Business S’pore most competitive economy in Asia yet again: Boao Forum report 1490273760 Singapore Healthway gets a S$70 million lifeline 1490274720 World Fierce clashes persist in Syria ahead of renewed peace talks 1490272753 World U.S.-Israeli teen arrested in Israel over bomb threats to Jewish centers 1490273692 World Anti-immigrant Sweden Democrats move into second place in polls 1490273132 World Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack 1490272166 World Ukraine president: former MP killing was Russian 'state terrorism' 1490270992 World EU support among Germans reaches 25-year high, survey shows 1490271573 World EU says summons Turkish ambassador over Erdogan comments 1490273590 World 'Worst is yet to come' with 400,000 trapped in west Mosul: U.N. 1490270498 World Exiled former Russian lawmaker shot dead in Kiev: police 1490270394 World Kremlin says Ukrainian claims of Russian hand in ex-MP's murder are 'absurd' 1490271426 Business J&J latest to suspend ads from YouTube over offensive videos 1490273877 Business Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy 1490273187 Business Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' Qatari cashcall probe 1490272630 Business Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong 1490272475 World French national kidnapped in Chad, say military and security sources 1490271535 Business Diamond group De Beers buys out retail partner LVMH 1490271884 World UK parliament attacker British-born, had been investigated over extremism concerns 1490273184 Business Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout 1490272705 Business Akzo Nobel CEO: won't meet with PPG to talk about bid 1490271330 World Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack 1490268960 Lifestyle Search and rescue training, modified for fitness’ sake 1490256420 Entertainment Singapore singer teams up with New York-based producer for new song 1490260920 Entertainment ‘An award is an award’: Michelle Chong 1490254860 Sports LaLiga plans Asia domination 1490271120 Business Auto financing goes online for tech savvy car buyers 1490263620 Lifestyle Beer market to be featured at Artbox Singapore 1490265960 Entertainment Rocking S’pore hard, with orchestras  and electric guitars 1490179920 Daily Focus Smartphone device can test sperm quality 1490231760 Singapore A ‘Singapore standard’ hospital in Vietnam for women, children 1490212920 China&India Food safety authority orders Hong Kong supermarket to pull baby formula from shelves for low iodine levels 1490148360 Singapore HK to charge shipping firm, captain over lack of Terrex transport licence 1490180760 Singapore 2016 hottest year in S’pore, overall rainfall less than normal 1490266740 World France's Le Pen to visit Moscow on Friday: Russian lawmaker 1490269615 World Dutch Green Left to participate in coalition talks 1490268613 World London attack won't delay start of Brexit talks: PM May's spokesman 1490268984 World London attacker was British-born, known to intelligence services: May 1490267989 World Suspected Indonesian radical killed in counter-terrorism operation 1490267874 World China says hopes new Japanese carrier doesn't mark return to militarism 1490266977 Business As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact 1490267236 Business Shell reluctant to part with California refinery amid asset sale 1490270169 World 'What a mad world' says minister who tried to save wounded officer in parliament 1490269065 World Vienna Airport appeals against ban on expansion 1490269989 Business Oil up from four-month lows, inventories curb recovery 1490268552 Singapore No reports of Singaporeans injured in London attack; Ministers urge vigilance 1490224620 China&India Kindergartners in China hospitalised after being given antipsychotic medication 1490269560 Singapore 2 teens charged with housebreaking; investigations ongoing for thefts from rented Airbnb apartment 1490242500 Business Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties: U.S. regulator mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 3:00 AM, March 22, 2017 Updated: 12:10 PM, March 22, 2017 WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS - U.S. banks should not cut ties with foreign clients over money- laundering worries unless officials have concrete cause for concern, a leading U.S. regulator is telling staff and lenders. The message has come through phone calls, speeches and an uncommon notice from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the top regulator for national banks, banking and regulatory sources said. A four-page memorandum sent to bank examiners last month said foreign lenders and their customers are hurt when Wall Street turns its back. "Customers that cannot make alternative banking arrangements elsewhere may effectively be cut off from the regulated financial system altogether," according to the "supervision tips" memo obtained by Reuters. The OCC typically issues only a few such memos each year to help examiners navigate complex banking issues. Policymakers have become increasingly concerned that banks are ejecting broad swaths of customers from the financial system out of fear of being penalized over money-laundering violations. For example, customers with ties to Yemen or Syria have a harder time maintaining accounts and banks have ended such relationships, according to a senior compliance officer at a major U.S. bank. To steer clear of violations, JPMorgan Chase & Co stopped doing business with 18,000 customers in 2015 and pulled back from 500 foreign partner banks, CEO Jamie Dimon told investors in a letter last year. Regulators want to prevent terrorists from swapping cash through U.S. banks or their foreign partners. Banks must file a "suspicious activity report" when they encounter a transaction that could be criminal - like a series of small-dollar transfers. But the rules can hamper ordinary money transfers or charitable giving. U.S. firms have warned that they cannot vouch for the customers of their foreign partner banks. That is one reason fewer banks will handle transfers of funds Somalis living in the United States want to send to relatives at home. More Somalis live in Minnesota than anywhere else in the United States and Rep. Keith Ellison of Minneapolis is among leading Democrats who have called for easing banking rules. The "know your customer" standard expects banks to understand their clients' business. But there are limits. "There is no general requirement to know your customers' customer," Thomas Curry, the OCC chief, said in September. The OCC conveyed that message to examiners in a January conference call, as well as the "tips" memo. On the call, "we were told we would no longer be asking for customer lists for foreign correspondent banking relationships for the banks we oversee," said one official who was on the call but not authorized to speak to the media. Foreign firms that partner with U.S. lenders are known as "correspondent" banks. A spokesman for the OCC declined to comment on the examiner phone call or the "supervision tips" sheet. Banks waste billions of dollars each year satisfying money- laundering rules, a leading Wall Street trade group said last month, asking for a complete overhaul of the "know your customer" rules. The number of special activity reports rose to almost a million last year from 669,000 three years earlier, according to the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which collects such data. (This version of the story corrects to add dropped word "suspicious" in paragraph 9) REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘America First’ policy forces rethink of China-EU trade ties ‘Ability to adapt to new roles key to survival in new economy’ World stocks touch record high, dollar decline deepens With Sears' future in doubt, vendors begin pulling back Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push Wells Fargo CEO receives pay bump despite sales scandal Wells Fargo banks on new ad campaign to regain customer trust Walmart announces plan to invest $800 million in Chile Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties: U.S. regulator Wall Street ends sharply lower on fears of tax cut delays Inside Today World Man arrested trying to drive into crowd in Belgium's Antwerp: Police We are not afraid: Londoners unite post terror attack U.S.-Israeli teen arrested in Israel over bomb threats to Jewish centers EU says summons Turkish ambassador over Erdogan comments UK parliament attacker British-born, had been investigated over extremism concerns Business J&J latest to suspend ads from YouTube over offensive videos S’pore most competitive economy in Asia yet again: Boao Forum report Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' Qatari cashcall probe Sports LaLiga plans Asia domination Search and rescue training, modified for fitness’ sake Pennefather joins Bill Ng’s team for FAS elections Bill Ng hits back at controversial remarks Lim-Prasad, Walton launch their shoe donation campaign for needy youth Entertainment Visionary artistic director appointed for S’pore International Festival Of Arts Singapore singer teams up with New York-based producer for new song ‘An award is an award’: Michelle Chong ‘Power Rangers’: A superhero movie too far? Rocking S’pore hard, with orchestras  and electric guitars About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Firstpost . Thursday, March 23, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics BJP flag hoisted in Bihar school to celebrate UP win; probe ordered Congress MLAs walk out during governor's address in Goa Assembly Sasikala faction's hat symbol a reference to MGR: M Thambidurai Tripura: 400 Trinamool Congress members join BJP 'unconditionally' Finance Bill: Modi govt just made political funding more opaque; transparency remains a promise Yogi Adityanath as CM: 100 cops suspended in UP after new govt takes over Sports Lukas Podolski retires: From Polish rejection to German legend, a timeline of forward's career India vs Australia: Cheteshwar Pujara says comparing Virat Kohli with Donald Trump is 'sad' New Zealand vs South Africa: Tim Southee ruled out, Quinton de Kock in doubt as teams suffer injury woes Affinity towards sports branding is moving upwards, says Spykar COO Sanjay Vakharia India vs Australia: Adam Gilchrist hails Virat Kohli as 'a great leader'; hopes teams diffuse ongoing tension India vs Australia: Dharamsala curator promises 'traditional, bouncy wicket' for final Test India Shiv Sena MP hits AI staffer: Airline mulling a no-fly list for unruly passengers Mumbai doctors' strike: Devendra Fadnavis proposes apex council to assess security concerns at hospitals Babri Masjid dispute: Subramaniam Swamy urges Muslims to support Ram temple construction After acquittal in Ajmer blast, Swami Aseemanand now gets bail in Mecca Masjid bomb attack case Pakistan has to vacate PoK and Gilgit-Baltistan region, says Indian govt Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad attacks Air India staffer with slipper over ticket row World London terror attack: Armed officers raid flat in Birmingham, seven arrested London terror attack: Islamic State claims responsibility, says strike was in response to 'target coalition countries' Nice, Berlin, now London: Westminster shooting reflects growing phenomena of 'copycat terrorism' London terror attack: Lone attacker was British and known to authorities, says Theresa May Tawang is part of China, Dalai Lama's visit to hurt 'friendly relations': Tibetan scholar London terror attack: Using a vehicle to mow people down as in London is easy to organise, hard to prevent Business Airtel to acquire Tikona Networks' 4G business for about Rs 1,600 cr Sensex mirrors global markets upsurge to snap 3-day losing streak, jumps 164 pts at close Farm loan waiver affects credit discipline says RBI Deputy Governor S.S. Mundra Demonetisation: Parliamentary panel to summon RBI Governor Urjit Patel again on 20 April Now RBI to soon issue new notes of Rs 10 in Mahatma Gandhi Series Affinity towards sports branding is moving upwards, says Spykar COO Sanjay Vakharia Life Global climate extremes pushing world into 'uncharted territory': WMO World Water Day 2017: Recycling wastewater key to solving water crisis, says UN Has your dog been behaving oddly? A ready reckoner to understanding canine gestures Entertainment Guardians of the Galaxy 2: Marvel releases new poster, Chris Pratt jokes it will outdo Citizen Kane Kapil Sharma, Irrfan Khan relieved: Bombay High Court stays FIR against them in BMC case Phillauri, Anaarkali of Aarah, CHiPs, Life: Know your releases this Friday Red Nose Day, Actually: Actors from Love, Actually announce short sequel in this trailer Vivek Oberoi returns to dark roles post Krissh 3, looks suave yet menacing in Vivegam The Salesman trailer: This Iranian film explores equation between husband, assaulted wife Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News Fwire News Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties: U.S. regulator | Reuters Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties: U.S. regulator | Reuters ReutersMar, 22 2017 00:15:07 IST #Reuters By Patrick Rucker and Brett Wolf | WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS U.S. banks should not cut ties with foreign clients over money- laundering worries unless officials have concrete cause for concern, a leading U.S. regulator is telling staff and lenders.The message has come through phone calls, speeches and an uncommon notice from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the top regulator for national banks, banking and regulatory sources said.A four-page memorandum sent to bank examiners last month said foreign lenders and their customers are hurt when Wall Street turns its back."Customers that cannot make alternative banking arrangements elsewhere may effectively be cut off from the regulated financial system altogether," according to the "supervision tips" memo obtained by Reuters.The OCC typically issues only a few such memos each year to help examiners navigate complex banking issues.Policymakers have become increasingly concerned that banks are ejecting broad swaths of customers from the financial system out of fear of being penalized over money-laundering violations. For example, customers with ties to Yemen or Syria have a harder time maintaining accounts and banks have ended such relationships, according to a senior compliance officer at a major U.S. bank. To steer clear of violations, JPMorgan Chase & Co stopped doing business with 18,000 customers in 2015 and pulled back from 500 foreign partner banks, CEO Jamie Dimon told investors in a letter last year.Regulators want to prevent terrorists from swapping cash through U.S. banks or their foreign partners. Banks must file an "activity report" when they encounter a transaction that could be criminal - like a series of small-dollar transfers.But the rules can hamper ordinary money transfers or charitable giving.U.S. firms have warned that they cannot vouch for the customers of their foreign partner banks. That is one reason fewer banks will handle transfers of funds Somalis living in the United States want to send to relatives at home.More Somalis live in Minnesota than anywhere else in the United States and Rep. Keith Ellison of Minneapolis is among leading Democrats who have called for easing banking rules.The "know your customer" standard expects banks to understand their clients' business. But there are limits."There is no general requirement to know your customers' customer," Thomas Curry, the OCC chief, said in September. The OCC conveyed that message to examiners in a January conference call, as well as the "tips" memo. On the call, "we were told we would no longer be asking for customer lists for foreign correspondent banking relationships for the banks we oversee," said one official who was on the call but not authorized to speak to the media.Foreign firms that partner with U.S. lenders are known as "correspondent" banks.A spokesman for the OCC declined to comment on the examiner phone call or the "supervision tips" sheet.Banks waste billions of dollars each year satisfying money- laundering rules, a leading Wall Street trade group said last month, asking for a complete overhaul of the "know your customer" rules. [L1N1G100Y]The number of special activity reports rose to almost a million last year from 669,000 three years earlier, according to the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which collects such data. (Additional reporting by Joel Schectman in Washington; Editing by Dan Grebler) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Mar 22, 2017 12:15 am | Updated Date: Mar 22, 2017 12:15 am Also See Smith and Kohli escape charges over DRS incident | Reuters ICC decide against taking action on Smith or Kohli | Reuters India's Flipkart looking to raise $1 billion in latest funding round: source | Reuters German government says takes issue of CIA leaks seriously | Reuters Top Stories London terror attack: Lone attacker was British and known to authorities, says Theresa May ISIS Claims British Parliament Attack After Police Arrest 8 in Raids Across London Phillauri, Anarkali of Aarah and Naam Shabana triple whammy: Women's stories finally in vogue Romeo should sue Yogi Adityanath's Uttar Pradesh government for character assassination Three myths about mutual funds you should steer clear of Ram Mandir-Babri Masjid row: Why Narendra Modi, Yogi Adityanath are unlikely to dive into the temple fracas Finance Bill: Modi govt just made political funding more opaque; transparency remains a promise India vs Australia: Teams firing even without Virat Kohli, Steve Smith negates 'head of snake' chatter Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Ireland beat Afghanistan by 3 wickets Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Ireland beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 34 runs Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 India drew with Australia South Africa in New Zealand, 3 Test Series, 2017 South Africa beat New Zealand by 8 wickets Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 Test Series, 2017 Bangladesh beat Sri Lanka by 4 wickets Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 30 runs Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 3 T20I Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 28 runs Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 3 T20I Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 17 runs (D/L method) England in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 England beat West Indies by 186 runs Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AFG vs IRE - Mar 24th, 2017, 09:30 AM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 3 Test Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Mar 25th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 IND vs AUS - Mar 25th, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Mar 25th, 2017, 02:30 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Mar 26th, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Mar 28th, 2017, 02:30 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Mar 30th, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 1st, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 1st, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 2nd, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #UPPolls #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Fears of delays to Trump tax cuts hit Wall Street Business Standard Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties - U.S. regulator Reuters  |  WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS  March 22, 2017 Last Updated at 00:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUFiQx ALSO READ Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties: U.S. regulator Regulators taking another look at costs of Wall Street safety rule Regulators taking another look at costs of Wall St. safety rule Trump ignites political fight over U.S. banking law reforms Federal Reserve proposes new limits on Wall Street energy bets By Patrick Rucker and Brett Wolf WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS (Reuters) - U.S. banks should not cut ties with foreign clients over money- laundering worries unless officials have concrete cause for concern, a leading U.S. regulator is telling staff and lenders. The message has come through phone calls, speeches and an uncommon notice from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the top regulator for national banks, banking and regulatory sources said. A four-page memorandum sent to bank examiners last month said foreign lenders and their customers are hurt when Wall Street turns its back. "Customers that cannot make alternative banking arrangements elsewhere may effectively be cut off from the regulated financial system altogether," according to the "supervision tips" memo obtained by Reuters. The OCC typically issues only a few such memos each year to help examiners navigate complex banking issues. Policymakers have become increasingly concerned that banks are ejecting broad swaths of customers from the financial system out of fear of being penalized over money-laundering violations. For example, customers with ties to Yemen or Syria have a harder time maintaining accounts and banks have ended such relationships, according to a senior compliance officer at a major U.S. bank. To steer clear of violations, JPMorgan Chase & Co stopped doing business with 18,000 customers in 2015 and pulled back from 500 foreign partner banks, CEO Jamie Dimon told investors in a letter last year. Regulators want to prevent terrorists from swapping cash through U.S. banks or their foreign partners. Banks must file a "suspicious activity report" when they encounter a transaction that could be criminal - like a series of small-dollar transfers. But the rules can hamper ordinary money transfers or charitable giving. U.S. firms have warned that they cannot vouch for the customers of their foreign partner banks. That is one reason fewer banks will handle transfers of funds Somalis living in the United States want to send to relatives at home. More Somalis live in Minnesota than anywhere else in the United States and Rep. Keith Ellison of Minneapolis is among leading Democrats who have called for easing banking rules. The "know your customer" standard expects banks to understand their clients' business. But there are limits. "There is no general requirement to know your customers' customer," Thomas Curry, the OCC chief, said in September. The OCC conveyed that message to examiners in a January conference call, as well as the "tips" memo. On the call, "we were told we would no longer be asking for customer lists for foreign correspondent banking relationships for the banks we oversee," said one official who was on the call but not authorized to speak to the media. Foreign firms that partner with U.S. lenders are known as "correspondent" banks. A spokesman for the OCC declined to comment on the examiner phone call or the "supervision tips" sheet. Banks waste billions of dollars each year satisfying money- laundering rules, a leading Wall Street trade group said last month, asking for a complete overhaul of the "know your customer" rules. [L1N1G100Y] The number of special activity reports rose to almost a million last year from 669,000 three years earlier, according to the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which collects such data. (This story corrects to add dropped word "suspicious" in paragraph 9.) (Additional reporting by Joel Schectman in Washington; Editing by Dan Grebler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Banking | Moneylaundering | Wall Street | Bank | Washington | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. 6 ways to secure your mobile phone against attackers Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan A guide to creating a retirement budget -Business Standard New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties - U.S. regulator WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS (Reuters) - U.S. banks should not cut ties with foreign clients over money- laundering worries unless officials have concrete cause for concern, a leading U.S. regulator is telling staff and lenders. By Patrick Rucker and Brett Wolf WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS (Reuters) - U.S. banks should not cut ties with foreign clients over money- laundering worries unless officials have concrete cause for concern, a leading U.S. regulator is telling staff and lenders. The message has come through phone calls, speeches and an uncommon notice from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the top regulator for national banks, banking and regulatory sources said. A four-page memorandum sent to bank examiners last month said foreign lenders and their customers are hurt when Wall Street turns its back. "Customers that cannot make alternative banking arrangements elsewhere may effectively be cut off from the regulated financial system altogether," according to the "supervision tips" memo obtained by Reuters. The OCC typically issues only a few such memos each year to help examiners navigate complex banking issues. Policymakers have become increasingly concerned that banks are ejecting broad swaths of customers from the financial system out of fear of being penalized over money-laundering violations. For example, customers with ties to Yemen or Syria have a harder time maintaining accounts and banks have ended such relationships, according to a senior compliance officer at a major U.S. bank. To steer clear of violations, JPMorgan Chase & Co stopped doing business with 18,000 customers in 2015 and pulled back from 500 foreign partner banks, CEO Jamie Dimon told investors in a letter last year. Regulators want to prevent terrorists from swapping cash through U.S. banks or their foreign partners. Banks must file a "suspicious activity report" when they encounter a transaction that could be criminal - like a series of small-dollar transfers. But the rules can hamper ordinary money transfers or charitable giving. U.S. firms have warned that they cannot vouch for the customers of their foreign partner banks. That is one reason fewer banks will handle transfers of funds Somalis living in the United States want to send to relatives at home. More Somalis live in Minnesota than anywhere else in the United States and Rep. Keith Ellison of Minneapolis is among leading Democrats who have called for easing banking rules. The "know your customer" standard expects banks to understand their clients' business. But there are limits. "There is no general requirement to know your customers' customer," Thomas Curry, the OCC chief, said in September. The OCC conveyed that message to examiners in a January conference call, as well as the "tips" memo. On the call, "we were told we would no longer be asking for customer lists for foreign correspondent banking relationships for the banks we oversee," said one official who was on the call but not authorized to speak to the media. Foreign firms that partner with U.S. lenders are known as "correspondent" banks. A spokesman for the OCC declined to comment on the examiner phone call or the "supervision tips" sheet. Banks waste billions of dollars each year satisfying money- laundering rules, a leading Wall Street trade group said last month, asking for a complete overhaul of the "know your customer" rules. [L1N1G100Y] The number of special activity reports rose to almost a million last year from 669,000 three years earlier, according to the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which collects such data. (This story corrects to add dropped word "suspicious" in paragraph 9.) (Additional reporting by Joel Schectman in Washington; Editing by Dan Grebler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties - U.S. regulator By Patrick Rucker and Brett Wolf WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS (Reuters) - U.S. banks should not cut ties with foreign clients over money- laundering worries unless officials have concrete cause for concern, a leading U.S. regulator is telling staff and lenders. The message has come through phone calls, speeches and an uncommon notice from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the top regulator for national banks, banking and regulatory sources said. A four-page memorandum sent to bank examiners last month said foreign lenders and their customers are hurt when Wall Street turns its back. "Customers that cannot make alternative banking arrangements elsewhere may effectively be cut off from the regulated financial system altogether," according to the "supervision tips" memo obtained by Reuters. The OCC typically issues only a few such memos each year to help examiners navigate complex banking issues. Policymakers have become increasingly concerned that banks are ejecting broad swaths of customers from the financial system out of fear of being penalized over money-laundering violations. For example, customers with ties to Yemen or Syria have a harder time maintaining accounts and banks have ended such relationships, according to a senior compliance officer at a major U.S. bank. To steer clear of violations, JPMorgan Chase & Co stopped doing business with 18,000 customers in 2015 and pulled back from 500 foreign partner banks, CEO Jamie Dimon told investors in a letter last year. Regulators want to prevent terrorists from swapping cash through U.S. banks or their foreign partners. Banks must file a "suspicious activity report" when they encounter a transaction that could be criminal - like a series of small-dollar transfers. But the rules can hamper ordinary money transfers or charitable giving. U.S. firms have warned that they cannot vouch for the customers of their foreign partner banks. That is one reason fewer banks will handle transfers of funds Somalis living in the United States want to send to relatives at home. More Somalis live in Minnesota than anywhere else in the United States and Rep. Keith Ellison of Minneapolis is among leading Democrats who have called for easing banking rules. The "know your customer" standard expects banks to understand their clients' business. But there are limits. "There is no general requirement to know your customers' customer," Thomas Curry, the OCC chief, said in September. The OCC conveyed that message to examiners in a January conference call, as well as the "tips" memo. On the call, "we were told we would no longer be asking for customer lists for foreign correspondent banking relationships for the banks we oversee," said one official who was on the call but not authorized to speak to the media. Foreign firms that partner with U.S. lenders are known as "correspondent" banks. A spokesman for the OCC declined to comment on the examiner phone call or the "supervision tips" sheet. Banks waste billions of dollars each year satisfying money- laundering rules, a leading Wall Street trade group said last month, asking for a complete overhaul of the "know your customer" rules. [L1N1G100Y] The number of special activity reports rose to almost a million last year from 669,000 three years earlier, according to the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which collects such data. (This story corrects to add dropped word "suspicious" in paragraph 9.) (Additional reporting by Joel Schectman in Washington; Editing by Dan Grebler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Sign Up for Weather Alerts Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards By KEN SWEET AP Business Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still being rolled out. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. "Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs," said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo. One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won't work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all announced last year similar upgrades to their ATMs, but the rollout has been slow. Chase's upgraded machines are still in major markets like New York, Miami and San Francisco, while Bank of America says roughly half of its ATMs have the cardless capabilities. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:21 GMT Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin.More >> Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin.More >> GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:09 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:10 GMT A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters. More >> A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters.More >> Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died.More >> Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died.More >> Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city.More >> Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city.More >> Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids.More >> Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 27 °C 14 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 29 °C 16 °C Pretoria, South Africa 24 °C 13 °C Cape Town, South Africa 29 °C 22 °C Durban, South Africa 28 °C 16 °C Mbombela, South Africa 28 °C 14 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 29 °C 16 °C Polokwane, South Africa 24 °C 16 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 29 °C 17 °C East London, South Africa 33 °C 15 °C Upington, South Africa 28 °C 14 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story MAP: F1 race schedule for 2017 Story Mountain bikers gear up for Cape Epic Story Durban voted best SA city to live in Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties -US regulator Money Tuesday 21 March 2017 - 9:14pm Sign "Office of the Comptroller of the Currency", Washington, D.C. Photo: Wikimedia Commons WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS - US banks should not cut ties with foreign clients over money- laundering worries unless officials have concrete cause for concern, a leading US regulator is telling staff and lenders. The message has come through phone calls, speeches and an uncommon notice from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the top regulator for national banks, banking and regulatory sources said. A four-page memorandum sent to bank examiners last month said foreign lenders and their customers are hurt when Wall Street turns its back. "Customers that cannot make alternative banking arrangements elsewhere may effectively be cut off from the regulated financial system altogether," according to the "supervision tips" memo obtained by Reuters. The OCC typically issues only a few such memos each year to help examiners navigate complex banking issues. Policymakers have become increasingly concerned that banks are rejecting broad swaths of customers from the financial system out of fear of being penalised over money-laundering violations. For example, customers with ties to Yemen or Syria have a harder time maintaining accounts and banks have ended such relationships, according to a senior compliance officer at a major US bank. To steer clear of violations, JPMorgan Chase & Co stopped doing business with 18,000 customers in 2015 and pulled back from 500 foreign partner banks, CEO Jamie Dimon told investors in a letter last year. Regulators want to prevent terrorists from swapping cash through US banks or their foreign partners. Banks must file a "suspicious activity report" when they encounter a transaction that could be criminal - like a series of small-dollar transfers. But the rules can hamper ordinary money transfers or charitable giving. US firms have warned that they cannot vouch for the customers of their foreign partner banks. That is one reason fewer banks will handle transfers of funds Somalis living in the United States want to send to relatives at home. More Somalis live in Minnesota than anywhere else in the United States and Representative Keith Ellison of Minneapolis is among leading Democrats who have called for easing banking rules. The "know your customer" standard expects banks to understand their clients' business. But there are limits. "There is no general requirement to know your customers' customer," Thomas Curry, the OCC chief, said in September. The OCC conveyed that message to examiners in a January conference call, as well as the "tips" memo. On the call, "we were told we would no longer be asking for customer lists for foreign correspondent banking relationships for the banks we oversee," said one official who was on the call but not authorised to speak to the media. Foreign firms that partner with US lenders are known as "correspondent" banks. A spokesman for the OCC declined to comment on the examiner phone call or the "supervision tips" sheet. Banks waste billions of dollars each year satisfying money- laundering rules, a leading Wall Street trade group said last month, asking for a complete overhaul of the "know your customer" rules. The number of special activity reports rose to almost a million last year from 669,000 three years earlier, according to the US Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which collects such data.  Reuters Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES South Africa features high up on the World Bank’s Logistics Performance Index for 2016 20 March 2017 The index reflects the perceptions of international logistics users with a focus on infrastructure and the efficiency of customs clearance. World Bank announces $57 bln in financing for Africa 20 March 2017 $45 billion will come from the International Development Association, the World Bank fund that provides grants and interest-free loans for the world's poorest countries. Bank card fraud hitting SA consumers 19 July 2016 Checkpoint’s Busisiwe Gumede investigates the methods used by bank card scammers to defraud their victims. Trending 1Spur altercation: Footage confirms man grabbed child 2WATCH: Mafela honoured at memorial service 3EFF wants to bring Spur man to book 4WATCH: Spur bans man after heated altercation in restaurant 5Nigerian immigrant sues Home Affairs Full coverage On the road Rival taxi groups block N2 in Cape Town Gang violence: A thorn in SA's side At the mercy of gangs The Sassa grant payments debacle Family of orphans fears for Sassa pay date Terror in London UPDATE: Seven arrests over British parliament terror attack View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 12.5189 0.0529 GB Pound 15.6514 0.034 Euro 13.5038 0.0861 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 50.68 -0.33 Gold $ 1251.84 0.2 Platinum $ 968 0.83 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 44879.24 0.05 FTSE/JSE All Share 52107.79 0.02 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 30875.62 0.02 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON 24h Live Stream DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TWTR Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More FireEye (FEYE) surges 7% on Goldman Sachs upgrade >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why I Sold Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock (And You Should, Too) Apple is so large that it's simply too tough to get much larger -- one of many potential difficulties for AAPL stock By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 20, 2017, 8:46 am EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Popular Posts: Why I Sold Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock (And You Should, Too) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is a Darling. Now Sell It Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Stock Is a Zombie You Need to Avoid Recent Posts: Bank of America: BAC Stock Is a SAFETY Play? Buy First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Stock If You Have Money to Lose Why Vale SA (ADR) (VALE) Stock Is Still a HUGE Risk View All Posts One thing Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) bulls fail to appreciate is just how big it has become, and thus how difficult it is for the stock to move. Since I discussed AAPL stock in February, it has advanced about $5 to its current level of $140 per share. This small gain has created $26 billion of market cap, because Apple has 5.25 billion shares outstanding. Apple’s valuation of $730 billion is almost $100 billion greater than last year’s GDP for Saudi Arabia. Its market cap gain since Jan. 1 — $124 billion — is more than the total market cap of MasterCard Inc (NYSE:MA). Apple is now worth more than Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) combined. Yet analysts are still pounding the table for Apple, urging you to get into Apple stock. That’s even though a price of $200 per share, predicted by our Will Ashworth, will take its market cap well over $1 trillion — an almost unimaginable figure. AAPL stock has a difficult path to any significant gains now. That’s why I just sold some of my position. Why You Should Be Twitchy Apple’s size has made some InvestorPlace writers antsy about the stock. Ryan Fuhrmann says AAPL stock “is going to frustrate you” and worries that so much of its $78 billion in sales last quarter still came from hardware. The stock has been bid up in anticipation of the iPhone 8 launch, which means investors may have a painful wait for gains. Hillary Kramer notes that even a reboot of the iPad won’t move the needle much on Apple sales, so big has the iPhone become. Apple’s size makes any move it might make to break out of its iPhone dependence, say by going into the movie business, look small. Viacom, Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAB) and its Paramount movie studio, plus its cable networks, would cost mere seat cushion money at a market cap of $17 billion. If Apple CEO Tim Cook decides he doesn’t like what’s on Fox News, he can buy Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (NASDAQ:FOXA) for cash, right now, and the $56 billion market cap would barely make a dent in Apple’s $250 billion cash hoard. It would also be less than one year of operating cash flow. Apple’s giant “spaceship” campus, onto which 12,000 employees are moving, starting next month, may only seem outsize in comparison. Oceans Rise, Empires Fall With Apple selling for just 16 times earnings — that’s less than the general market — Apple bears can still find reasons to be worried. For instance, former Vice President Al Gore — an Apple director — recently sold $37 million worth of shares. Meanwhile, even bullish AAPL analysts imagine a price of $150 per share for the stock, which would be just a 10% gain from where it is now. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/why-i-sold-apple-inc-aapl-stock-and-you-should-too/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Low-Risk Healthcare Picks 5 Blue Chips That Will Get the Selloff's Worst 3 Energy ETFs to Play the Crash in Crude Oil 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC Sears Holdings Admits It’s a Giant Tire Fire Apple's iPad Strategy Is Sneakier Than You Think ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) The 5 Best ETFs to Buy If You Want to Own Bank Stocks 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy in a Bull Market Why the Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Comeback Is Just Beginning Most Popular 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) Trade of the Day: Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (ABX) Stock Is Shining 10 Clobbered Stocks to Buy That Are About to Get Red-Hot Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes,… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: Lebanon Hills vandals Goalie’s MS fight Dog saves girl Trump surveillance Soucheray talks deer 4 dead in northern WI Restaurant answers London attack: The latest News Business Wells Fargo: All ATMs will take phone codes, not just cards Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) FILE – In this Sept. 21, 2016, file photo, a customer uses a Wells Fargo bank ATM in New York. On Tuesday, March 21, 2017, Wells Fargo announced plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. (AP Photo/Patrick Sison, File) By Associated Press | PUBLISHED: March 21, 2017 at 2:37 pm | UPDATED: March 21, 2017 at 9:35 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular St. Paul men charged after fatal assault on Green Line platform Police officer, 3 others dead in northern Wisconsin after domestic dispute escalates Scandia restaurant offers a 2-pound burger. He ate it. Burglars clean out tools of high school auto shop — and community responds Vandals girdled cherry trees at Lebanon Hills in Eagan St. Paul woman who killed baby, staged crash, sentenced Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan on Tuesday at an employee town hall in Orlando. While banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, those are still only in certain markets like San Francisco, Miami and New York. Wells would be the first to upgrade all of its ATMs with the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN number. The machines will still accept debit cards as well. “Whether a customer happens to have a card on them or not, (the upgrade) provides another simple and secure way to withdraw cash at any of our ATMs,” said Adam Vancini, head of virtual channel operations at Wells Fargo.  Related Articles St. Paul Saints among first tenants in Lowertown’s 333 on the Park Hard times for Sears as retailer notes doubt about future Target celebrates stretch marks in new swimwear campaign Dayton vetoes first bill of session, measure curbing oversight of electrical co-ops, municipal utilities Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones One limitation of the one-time code, though, is that it won’t work on the secure doors that many branches have for non-business hours that require a customer to swipe an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas like New York City or Chicago. The announcement comes as Wells Fargo is looking for ways to woo back the customers it alienated after the San Francisco-based bank admitted that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts for their customers without getting authorization. The bank said Monday that activity at its branches remains depressed from a year ago, with customers opening 40 percent fewer checking accounts per day last month compared to a year earlier, while the number of customer interactions with branch bankers per day was down 17 percent. Wells said it plans to roll out another upgrade to its ATMs later this year, which will allow customers to access the ATMs by holding their smartphones up to a reader on the machine, instead of entering the eight-digit code. It would be similar to using Apple Pay or Samsung Pay, the bank said. Wells Fargo is Minnesota’s largest bank by deposits. Tags:  Business News Associated Press As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business St. Paul Saints among first tenants in Lowertown’s 333 on the Park March 23, 2017, 6:23 am The St. Paul Saints have a new home away from home, and Lowertown has an upscale new apartment building. Saints mascot Mudonna will help unveil 333 on the Park, a former office building at 333 Sibley St. overlooking Mears Park. The grand opening celebration runs from 4 to 7 p.m. Thursday at the 1913 Gordon and Ferguson building, which once manufactured... Read More Target celebrates stretch marks in new swimwear campaign March 22, 2017, 12:22 pm NEW YORK — Target is celebrating the stretch mark as a thing of beauty. The chain has launched a on social media that features four models in unretouched images as it promotes a focus on inclusivity. Social media star Megan Batoon, pro skateboarder Lizzie Armanto, model and body activist Denise Bidot and TV host and model Kamie Crawford star in... Read More Dayton vetoes first bill of session, measure curbing oversight of electrical co-ops, municipal utilities March 21, 2017, 10:52 pm Gov. Mark Dayton has vetoed a bill written to drop electrical cooperatives and municipal utilities from Minnesota Public Utilities Commission oversight. The governor said the bill, written by Rep. Dave Baker, R-Willmar, would eliminate protections Minnesotans enjoy when the PUC regulates their electric operations. “I have heard from many Minnesotans in opposition to this bill,” Dayton wrote in his veto... Read More Apple cuts prices on lower-end iPads, releases red iPhones March 21, 2017, 3:09 pm Apple is cutting prices on two iPad models and introducing red iPhones, but the company held back on updating its higher-end iPad Pro tablets. A much-speculated 10.5-inch iPad Pro didn’t materialize, nor did new versions of existing sizes in the Pro lineup, which is aimed at businesses and creative professionals. The new devices are mostly refreshes of existing models. Apple... Read More General Mills says sales of ‘light’ yogurts hurting the most March 21, 2017, 7:37 pm Yogurts that have more fat and taste better are gaining popularity, a trend that General Mills said Tuesday is hurting its U.S. yogurt sales. The Golden Valley-based company said U.S. yogurt sales were down 20 percent for the quarter, with far steeper declines in Yoplait Light and Yoplait Greek 100 than for original Yoplait. Jeff Harmening, the company’s president and... Read More Target revamps stores for those in a rush, those who ramble March 21, 2017, 1:20 pm In a move to bring shoppers back to its stores, Target is embarking on an ambitious redesign aimed at helping people who need to dash in for milk to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout was unveiled by CEO Brian Cornell in Las Vegas Monday. It will feature a... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Edwards Lifesciences Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edwards Lifesciences Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) Given a $105.00 Price Target at Northland Securities Posted by William Strong on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Northland Securities set a $105.00 price target on Edwards Lifesciences Corp (NYSE:EW) in a report issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the medical research company’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on EW. Canaccord Genuity set a $140.00 target price on shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Evercore ISI reaffirmed a hold rating and set a $105.00 target price on shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp in a report on Monday, November 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $120.00 target price on shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $120.00 target price (down previously from $130.00) on shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $115.00 target price on shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp in a report on Friday, December 9th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and sixteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $118.19. Edwards Lifesciences Corp (NYSE:EW) traded down 0.85% on Monday, reaching $93.28. 938,354 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $19.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.74 and a beta of 0.53. Edwards Lifesciences Corp has a 1-year low of $81.12 and a 1-year high of $121.75. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $92.53 and a 200-day moving average of $99.31. Edwards Lifesciences Corp (NYSE:EW) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The medical research company reported $0.75 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.72 by $0.03. The company earned $767.70 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $760.85 million. Edwards Lifesciences Corp had a net margin of 19.22% and a return on equity of 25.00%. The firm’s revenue was up 14.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.64 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Edwards Lifesciences Corp will post $3.41 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: In other Edwards Lifesciences Corp news, VP Donald E. Bobo, Jr. sold 13,720 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $97.47, for a total value of $1,337,288.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Michael A. Mussallem sold 49,100 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $97.08, for a total transaction of $4,766,628.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders acquired 53,000 shares of company stock worth $276,800 and sold 125,640 shares worth $11,739,687. Corporate insiders own 2.37% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp by 6.9% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 89,470 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $10,786,000 after buying an additional 5,745 shares during the period. American International Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp by 1.4% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 91,397 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $11,019,000 after buying an additional 1,306 shares during the period. Greenleaf Trust raised its stake in shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp by 6.2% in the third quarter. Greenleaf Trust now owns 74,778 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $9,015,000 after buying an additional 4,360 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp by 11.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 813,221 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $98,042,000 after buying an additional 84,223 shares during the period. Finally, HL Financial Services LLC raised its stake in shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corp by 343.9% in the third quarter. HL Financial Services LLC now owns 38,093 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $4,592,000 after buying an additional 29,512 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 83.99% of the company’s stock. About Edwards Lifesciences Corp Edwards Lifesciences Corporation is focused on technologies that treat structural heart disease and critically ill patients. The Company manufactures heart valve systems and repair products used to replace or repair a patient’s diseased or defective heart valve. It develops hemodynamic monitoring systems used to measure a patient’s cardiovascular function in the hospital setting. Receive News & Ratings for Edwards Lifesciences Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edwards Lifesciences Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Tableau Software’s (DATA) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at JMP Securities Next » FedEx Co. (FDX) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Mack Cali Realty Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mack Cali Realty Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Mack Cali Realty Corp (CLI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp (NYSE:CLI) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Monday. According to Zacks, “Shares of Mack-Cali underperformed the Zacks categorized REIT and Equity Trust – Other industry over the past three months. The company has been making solid strides in its 20/15 strategic plan, which is aimed at transforming the company by focusing on waterfront and transit-based office holdings, and on luxury multi-family portfolio growth as well. But, as part of portfolio repositioning efforts, it has been aggressively disposing its assets. In fact, the company has closed $745 million of planned dispositions in 2016 and early 2017, and intends to dispose another $600 million for the remainder of 2017. While such measures are a strategic fit for the long term, the earnings-dilutive effects of huge asset sales cannot be bypassed. Also, rate hikes add to its woes.” A number of other research analysts have also commented on the stock. Citigroup Inc lowered shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $32.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Barclays PLC restated an underweight rating and set a $27.00 price target (down from $28.00) on shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $31.00 price target for the company in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp from $27.00 to $28.00 and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Monday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $29.83. Shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp (NYSE:CLI) traded down 0.07% on Monday, reaching $27.13. The company had a trading volume of 190,447 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $28.10 and its 200-day moving average is $27.49. Mack Cali Realty Corp has a one year low of $21.85 and a one year high of $29.70. The company has a market capitalization of $2.43 billion, a PE ratio of 20.82 and a beta of 1.09. Your IP Address: The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 13th. Investors of record on Wednesday, April 5th will be given a $0.15 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, April 3rd. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.21%. Mack Cali Realty Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 76.92%. In related news, Director Alan G. Philibosian sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $27.22, for a total value of $408,300.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 6.73% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Equity Investment Corp Acquisition Inc bought a new position in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $33,584,000. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $25,602,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp by 59.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,753,924 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $47,741,000 after buying an additional 655,136 shares during the period. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC raised its position in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp by 33.9% in the fourth quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC now owns 2,101,267 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $60,979,000 after buying an additional 532,540 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Mack Cali Realty Corp by 6.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,221,263 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $142,123,000 after buying an additional 320,643 shares during the period. About Mack Cali Realty Corp Mack-Cali Realty Corporation is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns and operates a real estate portfolio of Class A office and office/flex properties located primarily in the Northeast. The Company’s segments include commercial and other real estate, multi-family real estate, multi-family services, and corporate & other. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Mack Cali Realty Corp (CLI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Mack Cali Realty Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mack Cali Realty Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous FedEx Co. (FDX) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Next » General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Finance Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Analyst Dick Bove: The Trump bank stocks rally is over, at least for now Jeff Cox | @JeffCoxCNBCcom Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 2:40 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Chart points to bank bloodbath    Friday, 17 Mar 2017 | 5:30 PM ET | 06:27 Bank stocks have acted as the leader during the post-election rally but were the biggest drag during Tuesday's market sell-off. One analyst thinks the trend has only just started. Bursting higher on a belief that stronger growth would boost interest rates while regulations would be rolled back, the industry has been on a tear. The KBW Nasdaq Bank Index is up more than 25 percent since Donald Trump won the presidency Nov. 8. However, analyst Dick Bove believes banks — he mentioned JPMorgan Chase specifically in a note to clients — have been rising for "the wrong reasons" and are in for a sell-off now that some realities have begun to sink in. Specifically, he sees the Trump agenda getting blocked as the White House remains mired in a fight over a new health-care plan and multiple other clashes and controversies on Capitol Hill. "There's a reason why all these bank stocks are cratering. It's because of the belief that none of the Trump programs will be put into effect," Bove, vice president of equity research at Rafferty Capital Markets, said in a phone interview. "There won't be enough money in the government to allow for a tax cut and fiscal stimulus program if in effect the government can't even pay the interest on the debt without borrowing the money." If the issue merely focused on the debt, it's unclear how much effect that would have on Trump's plans. Jin Lee | Bloomberg | Getty Images Dick Bove As a candidate, he criticized former President Barack Obama for doubling the national IOU during his time in office, but Trump has not provided specifics on how he would reduce the tab. The current debt level is $19.8 trillion, of which $14.4 trillion is owed by the public. The U.S. paid $432.6 billion in debt service for fiscal 2016 and has shelled out $188.2 billion in fiscal 2017. The political question, though, gets trickier: If Trump gets weighed down and his public approval rating continues to decline, it may be tougher for him to get through his cornerstone promises of lower taxes, less regulation and more infrastructure spending. Bove compares Trump to a modern-day President William Henry Harrison, who died 31 days into his term and "never was able to put any of his programs into effect." Should Trump fail in his agenda, it would thwart the impetus behind the bank rally. "The understanding is growing that all of the reasons that people had for buying bank stocks in November are dissipating, they're gone," Bove said. "If you're not going to get tax cuts, if you're not going to get fiscal stimulus, if day-to-day business is lousy right now, which it is ... if the recognition of all of these factors suddenly dawned on the investor, they do what they're doing right now — they pile out at the exits, they take their profits." Buying opportunity ahead There's no real evidence at this point that tax cuts aren't happening, but the road there does appear to have gotten longer. In the latest Bank of America Merrill Lynch fund manager survey, only 10 percent of respondents said they expect reform to get enacted before the August recess for Congress. There seemed to be little obvious catalyst for Tuesday's market slide, which saw the major averages lose more than 1 percent apiece. The bank index slid 3.8 percent, and Goldman Sachs alone was responsible for about a quarter of the total point loss in the Dow industrials. Bove, however, still thinks the long-term picture is good. Once the sector shakes off the froth of the Trump rally, he believes stocks again will turn higher and even could end the year ahead of current levels. A reckoning will need to occur first, though, he said. "I don't believe it's going to be a whipsaw effect, where they will sell off today and recover tomorrow," Bove said. "I think it will take a few months for the prices to sell off. People will take another look at these companies and see they are still in pretty good shape, then people will start to buy again. In the near term, they're not going to make a lot of money out of them." Jeff CoxFinance Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- KBW BANK --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Photo-Video Weather Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Dining Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Business Directory Moonlighting Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 196 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Jackson pastor convicted in Bitcoin scheme A Jackson pastor, Trevón Gross, let a ring of Bitcoin scammers launder its money through his credit union in exchange for bribes, a federal jury decided Friday. Post to Facebook Jackson pastor convicted in Bitcoin scheme A Jackson pastor, Trevón Gross, let a ring of Bitcoin scammers launder its money through his credit union in exchange for bribes, a federal jury decided Friday.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2nxLTG3 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Jackson pastor convicted in Bitcoin scheme Alex N. Gecan , @GeeksterTweets Published 2:11 p.m. ET March 21, 2017 | Updated 22 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share A motion graphic explains what Bitcoin is and how Bitcoin works. Keith Carter and Ashley M. Williams, USA TODAY Network Buy Photo In this file photo, Pastor Trevon Gross of Hope Cathedral Church in Jackson prays during a Sandy grief relief seminar at the cathedral. Gross has been found guilty of accepting bribes and other crimes. (Photo: Robert Ward / Staff Photographer)Buy Photo 196 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE A popular Jackson Township pastor has been convicted of illegally allowing Bitcoin scammers to launder dirty money through the pastor's credit union in exchange for kickbacks. A federal jury in New York City found Trevón Gross, 52, pastor at Hope Cathedral in Jackson and former chairman of the now-defunct Helping Other People Excel Federal Credit Union, guilty of one count each of receipt of corrupt payments as an officer of a financial institution, conspiring to make or receive corrupt payments, obstructing a regulatory investigation and making false statements to regulators, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York. The verdict was returned Friday following the pastor's trial. He was accused of accepting $150,000 in bribes but pleaded not guilty to the charges. The scheme began in Florida, where Anthony R. Murgio ran Coin.mx, a bitcoin exchange service, with help from Yuri Lebedev, prosecutors said. Investigators charged Murgio and Lebedev with using a bogus antiques exchange as a front for the bitcoin service, skirting registration and reporting requirements on $10 million worth of bitcoin transactions. A bitcoin is a computer-generated digital currency that is used worldwide and is untraceable in most cases. The owner of Coin.mx, Israeli national Gery Shalon, also was tied to a 2014 cyber attack against JPMorgan Chase bank, which federal investigators called the largest-ever theft of customer data from an American financial institution. Murgio, Lebedev "and their co-conspirators engaged in substantial efforts to evade detection of their unlawful Bitcoin exchange scheme by operating through a phony front company called Collectibles Club, and by maintaining a corresponding phony Collectibles Club website," according to a criminal complaint against all three. They "sought to trick the major financial institutions through which they operated into believing their unlawful Bitcoin exchange business was simply a members-only association of individuals who discussed, bought, and sold collectible items, such as stamps and sports memorabilia." Q & A: Bitcoin explained Murgio and his associates opened bank accounts in the name of the dummy organization – one of them in New York – and told their customers to lie to banks about what they were buying through Coin.mx, according to the complaint. Murgio and Lebedev roped in Gross in 2014, according to the complaint. Lebedev offered up $41,000 of his own money to help convince Gross to let him, Murgio and their associates take over HOPE FCU, a federal credit union based alternately in Lakewood and Jackson that catered to "primarily low-income members." Gross had chaired the credit union's board. With Gross' help, Murgio "installed his co-conspirators, including Lebedev, on HOPE FCU's board of directors and transferred Coin.mx's banking operations to HOPE FCU," according to the complaint. MIAMI JUDGE: Bitcoin is not money The Florida-based crew used HOPE FCU "as a captive bank" into 2015, according to a March 2016 statement from then-U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, but the National Credit Union Administration – which charters and supervises federal credit unions – eventually caught on to the "substantial payment processing activity" that was going on there. The regulators "forced HOPE FCU to cease engaging in such activity." Murgio moved his exchange offshore, and the regulators put HOPE FCU into conservatorship before killing it altogether, Bharara announced at the time. According to a November 2015 statement from the regulatory agency, HOPE FCU had 110 members and $626,529 in assets just before it was liquidated. Murgio, 34, of Tampa, Florida, pleaded guilty in January to one count of conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business, prosecutors said. The same jury that found Gross guilty also convicted Lebedev, 39, of St. Johns, Florida, of one count of making corrupt payments to an officer of a financial institution, participation in a conspiracy to make and receive corrupt payments, obstructing the regulators' examination, making false statements to regulators, wire fraud, bank fraud and conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud. JACKSON: Council bans dorms amid accusations of bias Gross is scheduled for sentencing on July 20. Hope Cathedral's website still named Gross as pastor on Tuesday, as well as his wife, D. Qwynn Gross. Gross "accepted his call to preach at a very young age. He was licensed to preach at the age of 14. Since that time, he has actively prepared for pastoral ministry," according to his biography on the church's website. "With degrees from the University of Virginia, Duke University and further graduate work at Harvard University, Pastor Trevón has a passion for teaching the word of God. His desire is to see people added to the family of God and growing in their faith so that they will see God's purposes for their lives unfold." Gross could not be reached for comment. He faces 30 years in prison. Henry Klingeman, Gross' defense attorney, said in an email to Newsweek magazine that, “On behalf of Pastor Gross, we will now seek a judgment of acquittal from the court and — if and when the time comes — a fair and lenient sentence.” Alex N. Gecan: 732-643-4043; agecan@gannettnj.com Don't miss a thing Download our apps and get alerts for local news, weather, traffic and more. Search "Asbury Park Press" in your app store or use these links from your device: iPhone app | Android app for phone and tablet | iPad app >>>Subscribe (at a great sale price!) for full access. And, 'like' us on Facebook! 196 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2nxLTG3 TOP VIDEOS Dominique Moore will remain jailed before Daniel Graves murder trial 1:07 NewsBreak: London terror attack; Trump updates on 'wiretap' probe 0:53 NewsBreak: London terror attack; NYPD increases security 0:55 NewsBreak: Sears financial woes; Judge Gorsuch hearing day 3 0:58 Playing princess may have real-life consequences 1:09 Man saves aunt in Neptune City dog attack 2:33 Apple wants a piece of Snapchat's pie 1:06 Cicalese sentenced for Little League theft 1:22 WJLP NewsBreaks 0:53 NewsBreak: Trump pitches health bill; Menendez corruption trial 0:53
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Yogi Adityanath Trivendra Singh Rawat Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties -US regulator Shares1 Tue, 21 Mar 2017-11:39pm , Reuters U.S. banks should not cut ties with foreign clients over money- laundering worries unless officials have concrete cause for concern, a leading U.S. regulator is telling staff and lenders. The message has come through phone calls, speeches and an uncommon notice from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the top regulator for national banks, banking and regulatory sources said. A four-page memorandum sent to bank examiners last month said foreign lenders and their customers are hurt when Wall Street turns its back. "Customers that cannot make alternative banking arrangements elsewhere may effectively be cut off from the regulated financial system altogether," according to the "supervision tips" memo obtained by Reuters. The OCC typically issues only a few such memos each year to help examiners navigate complex banking issues. Policymakers have become increasingly concerned that banks are ejecting broad swaths of customers from the financial system out of fear of being penalized over money-laundering violations. For example, customers with ties to Yemen or Syria have a harder time maintaining accounts and banks have ended such relationships, according to a senior compliance officer at a major U.S. bank. To steer clear of violations, JPMorgan Chase & Co stopped doing business with 18,000 customers in 2015 and pulled back from 500 foreign partner banks, CEO Jamie Dimon told investors in a letter last year. Regulators want to prevent terrorists from swapping cash through U.S. banks or their foreign partners. Banks must file an "activity report" when they encounter a transaction that could be criminal - like a series of small-dollar transfers. But the rules can hamper ordinary money transfers or charitable giving. U.S. firms have warned that they cannot vouch for the customers of their foreign partner banks. That is one reason fewer banks will handle transfers of funds Somalis living in the United States want to send to relatives at home. More Somalis live in Minnesota than anywhere else in the United States and Rep. Keith Ellison of Minneapolis is among leading Democrats who have called for easing banking rules. The "know your customer" standard expects banks to understand their clients' business. But there are limits. "There is no general requirement to know your customers' customer," Thomas Curry, the OCC chief, said in September. The OCC conveyed that message to examiners in a January conference call, as well as the "tips" memo. On the call, "we were told we would no longer be asking for customer lists for foreign correspondent banking relationships for the banks we oversee," said one official who was on the call but not authorized to speak to the media. Foreign firms that partner with U.S. lenders are known as "correspondent" banks. A spokesman for the OCC declined to comment on the examiner phone call or the "supervision tips" sheet. Banks waste billions of dollars each year satisfying money- laundering rules, a leading Wall Street trade group said last month, asking for a complete overhaul of the "know your customer" rules. The number of special activity reports rose to almost a million last year from 669,000 three years earlier, according to the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which collects such data. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Is your sensitive data like Aadhaar, PAN card details safe with the government? Money Skoda sold 11.26 lakh vehicles globally in 2016 Money Dollar edges up from 4-month low; Trump's healthcare bill in focus Money Rupee rebounds 5 paise in early trade Money BSE recoups losses, up 87 points in early trade Money Finance Bill 2017: Govt proposes lower cap on cash transactions at Rs 2 lakh Related JPMorgan's CEO Jamie Dimon warns of economic trouble from Brexit Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley CEO's face pay cuts in 2015 Indo-US meet: PM Modi woos US investment, promises to remove bottlenecks Video It's time to end gender stereotyping roles for parenting! Watch: Unrepentant, Shiv Sena MP admits to beating Air India staff 25 times with his slipper! Anushka Sharma and Diljit Dosanjh REVEAL secrets playing 'Never Have I Ever' with DNA! View all Tags Jamie Dimon Keith Ellison United States JPMorgan Chase Minneapolis Minnesota Reuters Syria Yemen OCC Wall Street JPMorgan Chase & Co SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News "Medical attention cannot wait": HC, directs striking doctors Yogi's slaughterhouse ban hits Lucknow's 'Tunday Kababi' Greek objections mar preparations for EU's 60th birthday Gaikwad writes to Aviation Minsiter, LS Speaker justifying his assault on AI staffer Siemens wins order from Bangladesh Rural Electrification Board Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Is Aishwarya Rai Bachchan MIFFED with Karan Johar for skipping her father's funeral?KJo missed Krishnaraj Rai funeral last weekend... Piracy, TV telecast of films biggest concern for producers Telugu film producer, Daggubati Suresh Babu, says that I don't consider myself a tech-savvy person: Deepika Padukone Wait, WHAT?? Hazel Keech RUBBISHES rumours of her and Yuvraj Singh doing 'Nach Baliye 8' Money AI mulling preparing a no-fly list for unruly passengers Airtel to acquire Tikona Networks' 4G biz for about Rs 1,600cr Finmin, bankers to meet on utilising excess liquidity Govt sanctions Rs 5,021 crore to 10 states hit by disasters Singh said under the Comprehensive Telecom Development Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Global Blood Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Roth Capital Analysts March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Roth Capital set a $47.00 price objective on Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:GBT) in a research note released on Monday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Wedbush reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a $73.00 target price on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Monday. Zacks Investment Research lowered Global Blood Therapeutics from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Cantor Fitzgerald began coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. They set an overweight rating and a $61.00 price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating and set a $44.00 price objective on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Instinet began coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a buy rating and a $50.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. Global Blood Therapeutics has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $51.23. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) traded down 2.95% during trading on Monday, reaching $36.25. The company had a trading volume of 740,864 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $1.58 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $25.85 and its 200 day moving average is $20.00. Global Blood Therapeutics has a one year low of $12.24 and a one year high of $39.65. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) last announced its earnings results on Monday, March 13th. The company reported ($0.74) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.64) by $0.10. During the same quarter last year, the company earned ($0.53) earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that Global Blood Therapeutics will post ($2.84) earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Artal Group S.A. raised its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 146.1% in the fourth quarter. Artal Group S.A. now owns 246,054 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,555,000 after buying an additional 146,054 shares in the last quarter. Perceptive Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $45,213,000. Harbourvest Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,358,000. Marshall Wace LLP acquired a new stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $10,462,000. Finally, Oxford Asset Management raised its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 264.5% in the fourth quarter. Oxford Asset Management now owns 140,845 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,035,000 after buying an additional 102,200 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 56.36% of the company’s stock. Global Blood Therapeutics Company Profile Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. The Company’s segment is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. Receive News & Ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties -US regulator By Reuters Published: 14:08 EDT, 21 March 2017 | Updated: 15:03 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail By Patrick Rucker and Brett Wolf WASHINGTON/ST LOUIS, March 21 (Reuters) - U.S. banks should not cut ties with foreign clients over money- laundering worries unless officials have concrete cause for concern, a leading U.S. regulator is telling staff and lenders. The message has come through phone calls, speeches and an uncommon notice from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the top regulator for national banks, banking and regulatory sources said. A four-page memorandum sent to bank examiners last month said foreign lenders and their customers are hurt when Wall Street turns its back. "Customers that cannot make alternative banking arrangements elsewhere may effectively be cut off from the regulated financial system altogether," according to the "supervision tips" memo obtained by Reuters. The OCC typically issues only a few such memos each year to help examiners navigate complex banking issues. Policymakers have become increasingly concerned that banks are ejecting broad swaths of customers from the financial system out of fear of being penalized over money-laundering violations. For example, customers with ties to Yemen or Syria have a harder time maintaining accounts and banks have ended such relationships, according to a senior compliance officer at a major U.S. bank. To steer clear of violations, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co stopped doing business with 18,000 customers in 2015 and pulled back from 500 foreign partner banks, CEO Jamie Dimon told investors in a letter last year. Regulators want to prevent terrorists from swapping cash through U.S. banks or their foreign partners. Banks must file a "suspicious activity report" when they encounter a transaction that could be criminal - like a series of small-dollar transfers. But the rules can hamper ordinary money transfers or charitable giving. U.S. firms have warned that they cannot vouch for the customers of their foreign partner banks. That is one reason fewer banks will handle transfers of funds Somalis living in the United States want to send to relatives at home. More Somalis live in Minnesota than anywhere else in the United States and Rep. Keith Ellison of Minneapolis is among leading Democrats who have called for easing banking rules. The "know your customer" standard expects banks to understand their clients' business. But there are limits. "There is no general requirement to know your customers' customer," Thomas Curry, the OCC chief, said in September. The OCC conveyed that message to examiners in a January conference call, as well as the "tips" memo. On the call, "we were told we would no longer be asking for customer lists for foreign correspondent banking relationships for the banks we oversee," said one official who was on the call but not authorized to speak to the media. Foreign firms that partner with U.S. lenders are known as "correspondent" banks. A spokesman for the OCC declined to comment on the examiner phone call or the "supervision tips" sheet. Banks waste billions of dollars each year satisfying money- laundering rules, a leading Wall Street trade group said last month, asking for a complete overhaul of the "know your customer" rules. The number of special activity reports rose to almost a million last year from 669,000 three years earlier, according to the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which collects such data. (Additional reporting by Joel Schectman in Washington; Editing by Dan Grebler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Morgan Stanley President Kelleher says trading activity has improved By Reuters Published: 13:58 EDT, 21 March 2017 | Updated: 13:58 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail By Olivia Oran March 21 (Reuters) - Morgan Stanley President Colm Kelleher said on Tuesday that trading activity for the first quarter felt "slightly better" than at the end of 2016. Kelleher said at a European financials conference that bond trading was "doing well" while client volumes in stock trading were down across Wall Street. Bank executives including Citigroup Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach and JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co CFO Marianne Lake have also said in recent weeks that trading revenue this quarter would tick up modestly. Investment bank Jefferies, whose results are seen as a bellwether for big banks, said on Tuesday its first-quarter trading revenue rose more than six times from the year-ago period. Trading is the most volatile business on Wall Street and big revenue swings are common. During the fourth quarter of 2016, Morgan Stanley's bond trading revenue rose to $1.5 billion from $550 million in the year-ago period. Banks broadly posted huge gains in bond trading at the end of last year, driven largely by President Donald Trump's surprise U.S. election win. But even with a resurgence in fixed income activity, Kelleher said it was unlikely Morgan Stanley would drastically expand the business. "If we add, it'll be at the margin," he said. Any pickup in the business "won't be anything like it was in the glory days of leverage," he added. "WTF MOMENT" Morgan Stanley in late 2015 cut its fixed income headcount by 25 percent to adapt to a protracted slump in trading activity. During the third quarter of 2015, Morgan Stanley reported a 43 percent slide in bond trading, one of its worst performances since the financial crisis. Kelleher said this caused a "WTF moment" which resulted in a reshaping of the business with fewer people and capital. Separately, Kelleher said the bank felt confident it would achieve a 9 to 11 percent return-on-equity target by the end of 2017 that Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman had previously laid out. The bank edged towards that goal during the fourth quarter with an 8.7 percent ROE. (Reporting by Olivia Oran in New York; Editing by Richard Chang and Andrew Hay) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes Mnuchin pal in line to head key banking agency; Fed post also could be filled: Sources Ylan Mui | @ylanmui Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 1:40 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Mnuchin on OneWest foreclosures: Unfortunate & inappropriate    Thursday, 19 Jan 2017 | 12:07 PM ET | 04:31 The White House is expected to name former OneWest executive Joseph Otting as comptroller of the currency, according to two people with direct knowledge of the selection process, installing a close colleague of Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin in a key regulatory role. The sources said Otting has undergone formal vetting. One person with direct knowledge said he has received a thumbs-up from Mnuchin, with whom he worked closely at OneWest, the California bank that the Treasury secretary purchased in 2009. Another said Otting has gained the approval of President Donald Trump. The administration had also looked at Thomas Vartanian to lead the OCC. But now, two people familiar with the process said he is being considered to join the Federal Reserve's board of governors as vice chair of supervision, the central bank's key banking oversight role. A White House spokeswoman declined to comment on personnel matters. Sources said the timeline for any announcements are uncertain. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency is an independent agency within Treasury and is responsible for overseeing the nation's biggest banks, including Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo. The agency is currently led by Thomas Curry, but his term ends next month. His replacement is expected to play a significant role in carrying out Trump's promise to roll back regulations — including doing a "number" on the sweeping law known as Dodd-Frank that was implemented following the 2008 financial crisis. Patrick T. Fallon | Bloomberg | Getty Images Joseph Otting Otting joined OneWest as chief executive in 2010. At the time, Mnuchin cited Otting's knowledge of the market, client relationships and leadership capabilities. He was a visible defender of the bank during community protests accusing it of aggressively foreclosing on homeowners, and during the bank's merger with CIT. However, Otting was fired after the acquisition. Before joining OneWest, Otting was vice chairman at U.S. Bank and led its expansion in California. He also served as an executive at Union Bank, where he focused on commercial loans. A possible new banking cop Vartanian is a well-known figure in the regulatory world. His four-decade career has included stints at regulatory agencies and in the private sector representing banks. He advised Bank of America on its purchase of the troubled mortgage lender Countrywide during the financial crisis and has written several books on banking regulation. Vartanian also has a tie to OneWest: He represented one of the investors in the deal. Senate confirmation would be required for both Otting and Vartanian to serve in their respective positions. The connections to Mnuchin's bank could become stumbling blocks during the confirmation process. Democrats have criticized Mnuchin's leadership of the bank, holding hearings with homeowners who were foreclosed upon by OneWest. Still, Mnuchin's nomination was approved 53-47. Ylan MuiCNBC Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BAC --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Jefferies, Bellwether for Big Banks, Rides Trading to Profit by Laura J Keller @LauraJKeller More stories by Laura J Keller March 21, 2017, 6:55 AM EDT March 21, 2017, 9:57 AM EDT Fixed-income, equities trading generate six times more revenue Fees taken from underwriting securities more than double Jefferies Group returned to profit in the fiscal first quarter as the firm generated six times more trading revenue than a year ago. Bloomberg's Laura Keller reports on 'Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas.' (Source: Bloomberg) Jefferies Group, burned worse than its peers by market turmoil at the start of 2016, generated six times more revenue from trading in this year’s fiscal first quarter and returned to profit for the period. Results at Jefferies, the New York-based investment bank, are closely watched for signs of how bigger Wall Street firms may fare when their quarters end a month later. The blowout performance compares with more tempered forecasts from banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co., which said in late February that trading revenue would be “modestly” higher in the first quarter. Citigroup Inc.’s finance chief, John Gerspach, predicted this month that the business would rise at a “low double-digit” pace. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Trading’s been getting a jolt in the past four months as investors reconsider their bets on stocks and bonds in the wake of two Federal Reserve interest-rate hikes and the U.S. election, which overturned expectations for economic and regulatory policy. Wall Street already started showing the benefits at the end of the fourth quarter, and shares of Jefferies’s parent, Leucadia National Corp., have surged 40 percent since the election. It was a welcome departure from early 2016, when profit at each of the five largest firms fell and one analyst branded the period “ a quarter to forget.” Volatile stock markets, plunging commodity prices and persistently low interest rates prompted many customers to pull back from markets, leading to results that Jefferies Chief Executive Officer Richard Handler said left him “humbled.” Profit Returns The downturn resulted in a $167 million loss in the three months through February of 2016, compared with net income of $114 million in this year’s fiscal first quarter, according to a  statement Tuesday. The 2017 figures include a $32 million tax benefit tied to earnings brought home from foreign subsidiaries. Revenue from trading soared to $378.6 million. The fixed-income business, overseen by Fred Orlan, took in $221.9 million, up from $56.8 million in the previous year. Stock trading, led by Peter Forlenza, rose to $156.7 million from $1.7 million. “Jefferies’s success to some extent is dependent on the opportunities provided by the market -- and opportunities in the first quarter were good, but not great,” David Havens, a credit analyst at Imperial Capital, wrote in a note to clients. Last year, the firm’s balance sheet was “bombarded by the sharp sell-off in corporate credit,” he said. Expenses excluding interest rose 22 percent to $671.3 million as pay for employees jumped almost 32 percent to $460.2 million and non-compensation costs increased 6 percent. Interest expense climbed 10 percent to $214.2 million. The firm eliminated 120 jobs since last year, leaving 3,319 as of Feb. 28. Investment-banking revenue increased 77 percent to $408 million as capital-markets revenue more than doubled to $224.2 million. Income from underwriting new stocks increased 40 percent to $61.6 million while fees from new debt ballooned to $162.6 million, almost three times more than a year earlier. High Yield Banks underwrote almost $17 billion more in deals for corporate-bond clients this year through March 20, excluding self-led transactions, as issuers rushed to borrow ahead of expected higher interest rates, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. In high yield, the sliver of the bond market where Jefferies is most active, lenders helped companies issue 75 percent more debt, the data show. Fees from advising on deals rose 42 percent to $183.8 million from a year earlier, the biggest increase for the period since 2014. Compared with the prior quarter, fees from the advisory business, run by Ben Lorello, fell 18 percent. The value of pending and completed deals through March 21 dropped 7.2 percent from the same period last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Jefferies’s newest bond, the $750 million of 4.85 percent notes due 2027, traded at 101.7 on March 20, according to Trace, the bond-price reporting system of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. The yield was 4.6 percent. Leucadia shares rose less than 1 percent to $26.30 at 9:50 a.m. in New York. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Telecom plus PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Telecom plus PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Universal Technical Institute, Inc. (UTI) Major Shareholder Sells $1,702,857.87 in Stock Morgan Stanley Downgrades ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) to Underweight Deutsche Bank AG Upgrades Teck Resources Ltd (TECK) to Buy Ultra Petroleum Corp. (UPL) Bonds Rise 1.3% During Trading Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (HOS) Debt Trading 1.8% Higher Barclays PLC (BCS) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley Reaffirms Underweight Rating for Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Rating Increased to Outperform at Credit Suisse Group AG Caleres Inc (CAL) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Director Sells $2,563,350.00 in Stock Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated (CORT) Director Sells $2,683,352.70 in Stock MiX Telematics Ltd – (MIXT) Receives $8.50 Average Target Price from Analysts Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Receives $13.99 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Insider Buying: SPoT Coffee Ltd (SPP) Director Purchases C$3,128,000.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Lennox International Inc. (LII) Chairman Sells $4,886,751.87 in Stock Berenberg Bank Boosts AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Price Target to GBX 5,670 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Balfour Beatty plc (BBY) Earns Hold Rating from Beaufort Securities Deutsche Bank AG Raises Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Price Target to GBX 3,571 Telecom plus PLC’s (TEP) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Peel Hunt restated their buy rating on shares of Telecom plus PLC (LON:TEP) in a research report released on Monday morning. The firm currently has a GBX 1,300 ($16.06) target price on the stock. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Berenberg Bank restated a hold rating and set a GBX 1,000 ($12.35) target price on shares of Telecom plus PLC in a report on Thursday, February 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on shares of Telecom plus PLC from GBX 1,260 ($15.56) to GBX 1,290 ($15.93) and gave the company an overweight rating in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. FinnCap restated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,230 ($15.19) target price on shares of Telecom plus PLC in a report on Monday, November 21st. Finally, Macquarie raised their target price on shares of Telecom plus PLC from GBX 1,300 ($16.06) to GBX 1,325 ($16.36) and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Telecom plus PLC presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 1,199.17 ($14.81). Shares of Telecom plus PLC (LON:TEP) traded down 0.25% during trading on Monday, hitting GBX 1207.00. 20,256 shares of the stock traded hands. Telecom plus PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 799.89 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,265.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 965.89 million. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,203.17 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,178.37. Your IP Address: Telecom plus PLC Company Profile Telecom Plus PLC is engaged in providing landline telephony (calls and line rental), broadband, mobile, gas, electricity and CashBack card services. The Company’s segments include Customer Acquisition and Customer Management. The Customer Acquisition segment includes the sale of marketing materials, and sale of equipment, such as mobile phone handsets and wireless Internet routers. Receive News & Ratings for Telecom plus PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Telecom plus PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intertek Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intertek Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Intertek Group plc’s (ITRK) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at BNP Paribas March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) in a report released on Monday morning. BNP Paribas currently has a GBX 3,850 ($47.55) target price on the stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating and set a GBX 3,861 ($47.68) price objective on shares of Intertek Group plc in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Deutsche Bank AG cut their target price on Intertek Group plc from GBX 3,400 ($41.99) to GBX 3,300 ($40.76) and set a hold rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. Numis Securities Ltd upped their target price on Intertek Group plc from GBX 3,000 ($37.05) to GBX 3,500 ($43.23) and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an underperform rating on shares of Intertek Group plc in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets reaffirmed a hold rating and set a GBX 3,580 ($44.21) target price on shares of Intertek Group plc in a research note on Wednesday, November 23rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 3,661.40 ($45.22). Shares of Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) traded down 1.15% during midday trading on Monday, hitting GBX 3872.00. The stock had a trading volume of 555,946 shares. The company’s market cap is GBX 6.23 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 3,599.25 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 3,464.63. Intertek Group plc has a 52-week low of GBX 3,037.39 and a 52-week high of GBX 4,024.00. Your IP Address: The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a GBX 43 ($0.53) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.14%. This is a boost from Intertek Group plc’s previous dividend of $19.40. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. About Intertek Group plc Receive News & Ratings for Intertek Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intertek Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cybg Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Myokardia Inc (MYOK) Insider Sells 667 Shares of Stock Andrew Koven Sells 7,025 Shares of Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) Stock Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) CEO Sells $112,365.00 in Stock Harry Fleming Purchases 25,000 Shares of Nobilis Health Corp (NHC) Stock Gerald K. Carlson Sells 12,000 Shares of Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Stock Insider Buying: PJT Partners Inc (PJT) Chairman Buys 16,500 Shares of Stock Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Major Shareholder Credit Opportunit Bluemountain Sells 115,438 Shares Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class A (OSG) Major Shareholder Bluemountain Capital Managemen Sells 65,253 Shares Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Cybg Plc’s (CYBG) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc restated their sell rating on shares of Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) in a report released on Monday. Several other analysts have also commented on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Cybg Plc to a buy rating and increased their price objective for the company from GBX 250 ($3.09) to GBX 330 ($4.08) in a report on Monday, November 28th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a reduce rating and set a GBX 210 ($2.59) price objective on shares of Cybg Plc in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Macquarie increased their price objective on Cybg Plc from GBX 265 ($3.27) to GBX 270 ($3.33) and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an underweight rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.72) price objective on shares of Cybg Plc in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Finally, Panmure Gordon started coverage on Cybg Plc in a report on Thursday, February 16th. They set a sell rating and a GBX 245 ($3.03) price objective for the company. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. Cybg Plc presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 246.44 ($3.04). Shares of Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) traded down 0.91% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting GBX 261.60. The company had a trading volume of 291,805 shares. Cybg Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 203.70 and a 1-year high of GBX 306.90. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 272.42 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 275.18. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.31 billion. Your IP Address: In related news, insider David Duffy sold 54,374 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 264 ($3.26), for a total value of £143,547.36 ($177,284.62). About Cybg Plc CYBG PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which intends to be the holding company for CYB Investments Limited (CYBI) and Clydesdale Bank PLC (Clydesdale Bank). The Company will own National Australia Bank Limited’s Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank operations (the Clydesdale Bank business). Clydesdale Bank provides the United Kingdom retail and small and medium enterprises (SME) banking services. Receive News & Ratings for Cybg Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES BANKING March 23, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago usd---- ---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store Dubai World Cup UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors23 Markets24 Automotives Banking4 Construction1 Employment Features1 General Investment1 Media2 Careers Energy43 Retail1 Shipping Technology8 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors UK retail sales rebound in February Libya oil output back at level before clashes Sonatrach to invest $50b, boost crude output Renewables Aviation8 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Massive crowds at Dubai airport this weekend Aegean Airlines profit drops, cuts dividend US laptop ban is disruptive: Emirates Economy12 Property4 GN Property top stories in Property Drake and Scull sells stake in One Palm project New five-star hotel to open in Bur Dubai Overseas real estate picks are proving easy Money2 Visas Analysis5 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Deutsche Bank bounces as US closes currency probe Tuesday was the first day of the new stock being issued to existing shareholders Published: 19:00 March 21, 2017 AFP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE FRANKFURT AM MAIN: Shares in German lender Deutsche Bank leapt in Frankfurt trading Tuesday, as news US authorities had closed an investigation into past manipulation of currency markets lent investors confidence in the troubled institution. Gains for Deutsche shares topped 7.0 per cent in the early afternoon, before slipping back to trade at 16.16 euros ($17.61) — still up 5.33 per cent — just after 1400 GMT. Buyers’ keenness on the Frankfurt bank was undimmed by the other big news of the day — the start of a 8.0-billion-euro capital increase by Deutsche, which needs cash to fund a far-reaching restructuring and bolster its reserves. Normally, stock in a firm issuing hundreds of millions of new shares falls as fresh supply weighs on its price, but not this time. The lender said in its 2016 annual report published Monday that the US Department of Justice (DoJ) “has closed its criminal inquiry ‘concerning possible violations of federal criminal law in connection with the foreign exchange markets’”. Global banks have paid out billions in fines for colluding to manipulate foreign exchange markets in recent years, including a settlement of almost $6 billion by Barclays, JP Morgan Chase, Citicorp, UBS, Bank of America and the Royal Bank of Scotland in 2015. The DoJ’s mothballing of its Deutsche probe comes after another US regulator, the Commodities Futures and Trading Commission, dropped its own investigation into the German bank’s currency activities in October. But “other regulatory and law enforcement agency investigations ... remain pending,” the bank noted in its report. Deutsche is engaged in a long struggle to free itself from thousands of legal cases worldwide relating to its past conduct, and in December agreed a $7.2-billion deal with the DoJ relating to mortgage-backed securities trading in the run-up to the financial crisis. At the same time, the bank is attempting a massive restructuring that will see it shift focus from global financial markets to traditional banking for businesses and households in Germany. Chief executive John Cryan announced in early March that the lender would raise some 8.0 billion euros of fresh capital to fuel his planned reorganisation and boost the capital cushion which financial firms keep on hand to weather shocks. Tuesday was the first day of the new stock being issued to existing shareholders. “The environment seems sufficiently stable for the shares to find buyers among investors,” analyst Ingo Frommen of LBBW bank commented. “Nevertheless, there are further tough years of restructuring ahead for Deutsche Bank.” In its annual report, Deutsche said that it expects revenues to remain “broadly flat” this year compared with last, at around 30 billion euros. More from Banking Banks moving to Europe to get easier entry Report: Oman relies too heavily on oil wealth 02:16 pm ‘Current slowdown good for banking sector’ NBAD, FGB said to pick investment banking team US investment banks strengthen lead over Europe Deutsche Bank jumps as US closes currency probe Money supply in the UAE increased in February Andrews to chair two firms at once tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNBarclays follow this tag on MGNGermany follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsBanking tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNBarclays follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGermany follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In BankingBanks moving to Europe to get easier entry Business Gallery Pink diamond worth millions shown in London Goodyear deflates last of its GZ-20 blimps Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01Hike in credit card, loan interest rates in UAE 02How to prepare your firm for VAT 03What you need to know on VAT implementation Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Pink diamond worth millions shown in London Mar 21, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 14Images Goodyear deflates last of its GZ-20 blimps Mar 16, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 company stock update 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr Gulf News Business on Twitter Tweets by @GulfNewsBiz Follow @GulfNewsBiz on Twitter Most Popular on Gulf News New traffic rules and penalties in UAE Family try to flee UAE on forged passports Gold jewellery, tobacco to be taxed in UAE 50% discount on traffic fines in this emirate Girl, 16, suspected suicide shocks class Video: Thunder storm, heavy rain pound Dubai Du network interrupted for several hours 2017 UAE holidays Du mobile users to get compensation Close Recommended For You Expatriates talk about life in the UAEPUBLISHED ON Mar 26, 2017 Saudi Arabia halts Brazil chicken, beef importsPUBLISHED ON Mar 23, 2017 Motorist burned to death in crashPUBLISHED ON Mar 23, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Menu asia times EST 1995 Asia Unhedged | Turkish bonds continue rally amid tightening Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China India Regions Northeast Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central Asia Middle East Opinion More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 23-03-2017 21:32 King Salman’s recent state visit to Beijing didn’t just signal continued economic cooperation, it displayed a significant evolution of the two countries security relationship. (Asia Unhedged) 23-03-2017 21:22 Opinion // South Korea at a crossroads as pro-China policy looms (Edward Oh) 23-03-2017 20:37 Asia Unhedged sources in Washington say the US House of Representatives is likely to vote up some form of the Trump-Ryan healthcare bill today. (David Goldman) 23-03-2017 20:28 Asian emerging markets saw gains overnight led by Vietnam and the Philippines, while infrastructure stocks led gains in the HSCEI and the KOSPI. (David Goldman) 23-03-2017 20:22 The European Central Bank gave out EUR 233 billion in long-term low-interest loans, prompting a surge in European bank stocks, but don't expect this to help the European economy. (David Goldman) 23-03-2017 20:16 Former Thai prisoners among those given a shot at redemption in the boxing ring with an innovative program that is producing impressive results. (Mark Butcher) 23-03-2017 20:01 Some argue Chinese credit now offers better risk-adjusted returns than ASEAN, signaling a shift in sentiment. (Asia Unhedged) 23-03-2017 19:31 Neo-bistros are redefining the culinary landscape in Paris, serving modern dishes in a relaxed setting. And a former lingerie workshop is leading the high-fashion food trend with its Asian-flavoured creations. (L.K. Morgan) 23-03-2017 18:03 As China and Malaysia develop deeper ties, Kuala Lumpur's reticent approach to its competing claims in the South China Sea has come into focus. (David Hutt) 23-03-2017 18:02 Causeway Bay, on Hong Kong Island, had the poorest air in the city in 2016, followed by Tuen Mun in the New Territories West and Mong Kok in Kowloon. (Asia Times staff) 23-03-2017 17:32 Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's close ties to China are being questioned by opposition politicians who are stoking so far mostly veiled anti-China sentiment. (David Hutt) 23-03-2017 17:32 Alibaba Group's establishment of a new 'e-hub' in Malaysia is indicative of fast growing China-Malaysia ties (David Hutt) 23-03-2017 17:17 In pictures: behind the scenes at the Asian Film Awards (Asia Times) 23-03-2017 15:14 Recent research provides the first good evidence that pregnancy leads to long-lasting brain changes in a mother’s brain. Most surprisingly these changes were still detectable two years after the birth of their child. (Olivia Carter) 23-03-2017 14:10 Vietnamese cops took three months to respond seriously to allegations that an eight-year-old girl had been molested, but then outrage spilled onto Facebook and they made an arrest in days – a rare win for public opinion in the communist country. (Tran Thi Minh Ha) 23-03-2017 14:09 A push by the Australian government to water down controversial hate speech laws has highlighted tensions between freedom of speech and racial harmony in one of the Asia-Pacific’s most multicultural nations. (John Power) 23-03-2017 13:56 Over a dozen fast food outfits in Hong Kong, including KFC and Starbucks, announced on Wednesday that they have stopped serving customers meat from Brazil amid food safety concerns (Asia Times staff) 23-03-2017 13:54 A Cambodian court on Thursday jailed a former soldier for life for the brazen daytime shooting of a strident government critic, a killing that stunned the kingdom’s hemmed in rights community. (Agence France-Presse) 23-03-2017 13:42 China now officially relies on the "four comprehensives" laid down by Xi Jinping. But North Korea remains supremely unpredictable, and the notorious Lenin line resurfaces: “What is to be done?” (Pepe Escobar) 23-03-2017 13:37 Australia and China are expected to sign new bilateral agreements on beef exports, energy and security during a four-day visit by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang that began on Thursday. (Reuters) 23-03-2017 13:29 A senior firefighter died on Wednesday after falling from a cliff and being trapped for 11 hours during a rescue operation on Tiu Shau Ngam, a mountain ridge in Ma On Shan country park. (Asia Times staff) 23-03-2017 13:28 The China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) said on Thursday it has approved 13 new applicants to join the bank, including Canada, a major ally of the United States, bringing its total membership to 70. (Reuters) 23-03-2017 13:18 World leaders unanimously condemned the attack in the heart of London by a man who was shot dead by armed police, with many saying they stand with Britain. (Reuters) 23-03-2017 12:00 A Hong Kong man was detained by custom officers at the Lo Wu border crossing into Shenzhen on Saturday after he tried to smuggle four snakes, in black stockings, into China. (Asia Times staff) 23-03-2017 08:05 Opinion // Are America and China destined for war? (Harry J Kazianis) 23-03-2017 05:40 Opinion // Russia needs a strong Central Asia to combat terrorism (Tatiana Kanunnikova) 23-03-2017 05:37 Iron ore futures fell sharply on Wednesday as investors are cashing in on the rally, despite recent pickup in demand. (Asia Unhedged) 23-03-2017 05:13 TPP alternative RCEP chief negotiator warns against “TPP-enizing” the Asia trade pact. (Asia Unhedged) 23-03-2017 04:34 Amid rumour, confusion but little panic, terrorism returned to the streets of London on Wednesday as a police officer was among five killed in the attack outside Britain's parliament by an assailant who was then shot dead by officers (Asia Times and agencies) 23-03-2017 03:48 US "doomsday" general warns that basing nukes in South Korea could set off the "volitile" Kim Jong-un. (Asia Unhedged) the brief A logo of Turkey's Central Bank is pictured at the entrance of the bank's headquarters in Ankara. Photo: Reuters, Umit Bektas Asia UnhedgedReal-time intel on what moves markets Turkish bonds continue rally amid tightening 10-year lira bonds rose for a fifth straight day on Tuesday By Asia Unhedged March 22, 2017 12:18 AM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Turkish 10-year lira bonds rose for a fifth straight day Tuesday on the central bank’s moves to increase borrowing costs. Constantine Courcoulas writes for Bloomberg that BNP Paribas SA and JPMorgan Chase say the bonds are still attractive, citing the central bank’s moves. The lira hit a record low this year, while consumer-price inflation accelerated to double the central bank’s target. Bryan Carter of BNP Paribas sees Turkey maintaining relatively tight monetary policy, and says that with yields higher than 11%, lira-denominated debt is “very enticing now.” The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox Share Tweet Linkedin Email Asia Unhedged Turkish bonds Comments Asia Unhedged Real-time intel on what moves markets 9 minutes ago China-Saudi alignment presents opening for Turkey Saudi ties are pulling China away from Tehran 1 hour ago US House likely to vote up healthcare bill: sources The bill might be ugly, but Republicans may have to support it 1 hour ago Asian EMs rally overnight Infrastructure stocks led gains in HSCEI and KOSPI More asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China Northeast Asia Insights Southeast Asia World Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #South Asia #Japan #Middle East #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Hong Kong About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Sprint Corp (S) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target Raised to GBX 2,061 at Panmure Gordon March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Prudential plc (LON:PRU) had its price objective boosted by Panmure Gordon from GBX 1,850 ($22.85) to GBX 2,061 ($25.45) in a report issued on Monday. Panmure Gordon currently has a buy rating on the stock. PRU has been the subject of several other research reports. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,890 ($23.34) target price on shares of Prudential plc in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Royal Bank of Canada upped their target price on Prudential plc from GBX 1,500 ($18.53) to GBX 1,600 ($19.76) and gave the stock a sector performer rating in a research note on Friday. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and set a GBX 1,845 ($22.79) price objective (up previously from GBX 1,748 ($21.59)) on shares of Prudential plc in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 1,775 ($21.92) price objective on Prudential plc and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 23rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Prudential plc to a neutral rating and increased their price objective for the company from GBX 1,450 ($17.91) to GBX 1,705 ($21.06) in a research note on Friday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, fourteen have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 1,763.58 ($21.78). Prudential plc (LON:PRU) traded down 0.96% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching GBX 1751.50. 3,159,985 shares of the company traded hands. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,631.54 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,522.44. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 44.92 billion. Prudential plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,096.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,801.50. Your IP Address: The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be issued a dividend of GBX 30.57 ($0.38) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.78%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. This is an increase from Prudential plc’s previous dividend of $12.93. Prudential plc Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clovis Oncology Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Clovis Oncology’s (CLVS) Sell Rating Reiterated at Chardan Capital March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Chardan Capital reissued their sell rating on shares of Clovis Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:CLVS) in a research note released on Thursday morning. The firm currently has a $36.00 target price on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. CLVS has been the subject of several other reports. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an outperform rating on shares of Clovis Oncology in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Vetr upgraded Clovis Oncology from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $36.45 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Clovis Oncology from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $58.00 price objective on Clovis Oncology and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies set a $77.00 price objective on Clovis Oncology and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $62.33. Shares of Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) opened at 70.73 on Thursday. The company’s market capitalization is $3.16 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $62.74 and its 200 day moving average price is $43.67. Clovis Oncology has a 12 month low of $11.57 and a 12 month high of $74.94. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.83) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($1.65) by $0.18. The company earned $0.08 million during the quarter. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($3.12) earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that Clovis Oncology will post ($5.31) EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: In other Clovis Oncology news, insider Gillian C. Ivers-Read sold 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $66.99, for a total value of $200,970.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 209,583 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,039,965.17. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 17.40% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new position in shares of Clovis Oncology during the third quarter valued at about $103,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in Clovis Oncology by 20.0% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 2,400 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. DIAM Co. Ltd. bought a new position in Clovis Oncology during the third quarter worth $168,000. M&T Bank Corp bought a new position in Clovis Oncology during the third quarter worth $207,000. Finally, Alpine Woods Capital Investors LLC bought a new position in Clovis Oncology during the third quarter worth $216,000. 88.48% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Clovis Oncology Clovis Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing anti-cancer agents in the United States, Europe and other international markets. The Company is developing approximately three product candidates: Rociletinib, Rucaparib and Lucitanib. Rociletinib is an oral epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), mutant-selective covalent inhibitor that is under review with the United States and European regulatory authorities for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in patients with activating EGFR mutations, as well as the resistance mutation, T790M. Receive News & Ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Legal & General Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Trading Down 9% Following Weak Earnings Traders Buy Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) on Weakness After Analyst Downgrade Legal & General Group Plc’s (LGEN) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at BNP Paribas March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas reiterated their outperform rating on shares of Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN) in a report published on Monday. BNP Paribas currently has a GBX 270 ($3.33) price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other research firms also recently commented on LGEN. Shore Capital reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a GBX 282 ($3.48) price target on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating and issued a GBX 197 ($2.43) price target on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Macquarie reaffirmed an underperform rating and issued a GBX 201 ($2.48) price target on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an outperform rating and issued a GBX 300 ($3.71) price target on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research note on Friday. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Legal & General Group Plc currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 248.43 ($3.07). Shares of Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN) traded down 0.08% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting GBX 250.50. 6,337,489 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 14.86 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 245.46 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 233.00. Legal & General Group Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 160.50 and a 12-month high of GBX 257.10. Your IP Address: The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 8th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be issued a dividend of GBX 10.35 ($0.13) per share. This is a boost from Legal & General Group Plc’s previous dividend of $4.00. This represents a dividend yield of 4.16%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. In related news, insider Richard H. Meddings bought 1,097 shares of Legal & General Group Plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 251 ($3.10) per share, for a total transaction of £2,753.47 ($3,400.61). Also, insider Richard H. Meddings bought 1,103 shares of Legal & General Group Plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 249 ($3.08) per share, for a total transaction of £2,746.47 ($3,391.96). Over the last 90 days, insiders have bought 11,777 shares of company stock worth $2,951,238. Legal & General Group Plc Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Legal & General Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rolls-Royce Holding PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Sprint Corp (S) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Receives “Underweight” Rating from Barclays PLC March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reiterated their underweight rating on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) in a report published on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 480 ($5.93) target price on the stock. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on RR. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 743 ($9.18) price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Citigroup Inc reissued a buy rating on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 890 ($10.99) to GBX 730 ($9.02) and set a neutral rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Berenberg Bank boosted their price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 710 ($8.77) to GBX 770 ($9.51) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Liberum Capital reissued a hold rating and issued a GBX 670 ($8.27) price objective (up previously from GBX 560 ($6.92)) on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 683.13 ($8.44). Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) traded up 0.71% during trading on Monday, hitting GBX 780.50. The stock had a trading volume of 2,874,334 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 733.40 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 715.34. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 588.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 875.50. The stock’s market cap is GBX 14.35 billion. Your IP Address: In related news, insider Frank Chapman acquired 613 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 9th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 646 ($7.98) per share, with a total value of £3,959.98 ($4,890.68). Also, insider Ruth Cairnie acquired 255 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 760 ($9.39) per share, for a total transaction of £1,938 ($2,393.48). Insiders acquired 1,245 shares of company stock worth $854,075 over the last ninety days. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Company Profile Rolls-Royce Holdings plc is a provider of an integrated power and propulsion solutions. The Company operates through two divisions: Aerospace, which includes civil and defense businesses, and Land & Sea, which includes power systems, marine and nuclear businesses. Its civil aerospace business is engaged in the development, manufacture, marketing and sales of commercial aero engines and aftermarket services. Receive News & Ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: U.S. Bancorp: The Antifragile Bank U.S. Bancorp is one of the few banks in the United States to have widened its competitive advantage in the financial crisis. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Mar 21, 2017 at 10:10AM In the book Antifragile, author Nassim Taleb talks about organizations that gain strength in times of crisis and chaos. He calls them antifragile -- thus the title. Taleb wasn't talking about banks per se, but his point about antifragility captures the core quality of the best-run banks. U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB) offers a case in point. The following graph shows the trend in U.S. Bancorp's book value per share, the ultimate measure of value when it comes to bank stocks. Take a glance at it, and then I'll walk you through what matters. USB Book Value (Per Share) data by YCharts. Notice how the slope of the line since the 2008-09 financial crisis is steeper than the slope of the line in the years leading up to it? This means U.S. Bancorp's book value per share has grown at a faster rate each year since the crisis than it did before then. A handful of other banks gained from the crisis as well -- such as PNC Financial, Wells Fargo, and JPMorgan Chase -- but most banks were lucky to survive it and have spent the years since then retreating and retrenching and thus relinquishing market share to the likes of U.S. Bancorp. Far from being a negative event in the Minneapolis-based bank's history, then, the crisis served as a potent catalyst that's allowed U.S. Bancorp to widen its competitive advantage over its peers. Consider this: In the five years before the crisis, U.S. Bancorp's return on equity exceeded the average bank on the KBW Bank Index by 35%. Over the past five years, the margin was 69% -- nearly doubling from before the crisis. That's what you call an antifragile bank. The U.S. Bancorp building looms over Old Town in Portland, Ore. Image source: Getty Images. It's also why U.S. Bancorp's stock trades for the second highest valuation on the KBW Bank Index, which tracks shares of two dozen large-cap banks. The only big bank stock with a higher valuation is Bank of New York Mellon, a massive custodial bank based in New York City. U.S. Bancorp trades for 3.2 times tangible book value, according to YCharts.com. That may be less than BNY Mellon's 3.4 times tangible book, but it's 50% higher than the average on the large-cap bank index. This seems expensive only if you've forgotten U.S. Bancorp's performance over the past decade. Once that's factored into the equation, it's clear that you get what you pay for when buying its shares. John Maxfield owns shares of US Bancorp and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 10:10AM Financials Stocks US Bancorp NYSE:USB $52.60 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Investors Should Generally Prefer Bank Stocks With Low Betas U.S. Bancorp Stock in 3 Charts U.S. Bancorp's Enviable Problem Bank Stocks and the Warren Buffett Premium The 4 Most Expensive Big Bank Stocks Right Now -- and Why They Are Still Worth Buying Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current U.S. Bancorp: The Antifragile Bank @themotleyfool #stocks $USB
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance E.On Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Sprint Corp (S) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €7.50 Price Target at Bank of America Corp March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Bank of America Corp set a €7.50 ($8.06) target price on E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) in a report issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other analysts have also issued reports on the company. Macquarie set a €7.50 ($8.06) price objective on E.On Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday. HSBC Holdings plc set a €6.70 ($7.20) price objective on E.On Se and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €7.75 ($8.33) price objective on E.On Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. S&P Global set a €8.00 ($8.60) price objective on E.On Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €8.00 ($8.60) price objective on E.On Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €7.67 ($8.25). Shares of E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) traded up 0.43% on Monday, reaching €7.18. The company had a trading volume of 32,257 shares. E.On Se has a 52-week low of €5.99 and a 52-week high of €8.56. The firm’s market capitalization is €14.02 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €7.14 and a 200-day moving average price of €6.75. Your IP Address: Receive News & Ratings for E.On Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Yext Gears Up for IPO By Chris Lange March 20, 2017 9:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet As 2017 continues with the markets holding near their all-time highs, more and more companies are filing for initial public offerings (IPOs). Even though the biggest IPO of the year thus far, Snap Inc. (NASDAQ: SNAP), has fallen flat, this has not deterred other companies from trying to make some money in the market. Yext has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its IPO. No pricing details were mentioned in the filing, but the offering is valued up to $100 million, although this number is usually just a placeholder. The company plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol YEXT. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, RBC Capital Markets, Pacific Crest Securities and Piper Jaffray. This company is a knowledge engine. Its platform lets businesses manage their digital knowledge in the cloud and sync it to over 100 services, including Apple Maps, Bing, Cortana, Facebook, Google, Google Maps, Instagram, Siri and Yelp. Digital knowledge is the structured information that a business wants to make publicly accessible. For example, in food service, the address, phone number or menu details of a restaurant; in health care, the health insurances accepted by a physician or the precise drop-off point of the emergency room at a hospital campus; or in finance, the ATM locations, retail bank holiday hours or insurance agent biographies. Intelligent search, which are searches of digital knowledge that combine context and intent, has grown significantly in recent years. Yext’s solution drives commerce by providing real-time digital knowledge that allows consumers to find the businesses and service providers that are most relevant to them. Yext described its finances in the filing as follows: For our fiscal years ended January 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $60.0 million and $89.7 million, respectively, our net loss was $17.3 million and $26.5 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss1 was $14.4 million and $22.0 million, respectively. For the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $64.0 million and $88.6 million and our net loss was $18.2 million and $28.6 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss was $15.2 million and $22.3 million, respectively. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate expenses. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: AMD, FireEye, Netflix, Shake Shack, Snap, Workday and Many More The 13 Cities Getting 5G » Read more: Technology, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Entrepreneurs #​{{::display_hashtag}} Entrepreneurs #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} views Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} This Startup Is Giving Customers Credit Where It's Due, On Their Smartphones {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice Eyal Bino ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe The past decade has brought huge innovation to the lending industry. Companies like LendingClub, OnDeck, Kabbage and Fundera made online lending platforms a standard. Each of these companies enables borrowers to more easily obtain a loan, while investors can purchase notes backed by payments made on the loan. These companies filled an important void -- financial institutions were reluctant to provide small business loans to businesses without good enough credit history or individuals facing a similar problem. This trend didn’t go unnoticed by major banks looking for more ways to drive revenue and in late 2015 JPMorgan Chase teamed up with OnDeck to offer small business loans. The financial world has gotten smaller. Yet, it didn’t go too small. Micro-loans, which provide customers loans of $50 to $500 on a short term basis, have been historically provided by family and friends. It was just a question of time until innovation revolutionized this area as well. Tomer Edry, Nadav Topolski and Nir Zepkowitz are Israeli entrepreneurs with a passion for finance and doing business in Africa. Each with MBAs from top US universities and success conducting business in Africa, these 3 friends became intrigued by the micro-lending space. Specifically, how people were going about applying for and getting approval for small business and personal loans in Ghana. The feedback they received from both loan officers and loan seekers was that lack of data makes this process extremely complicated and inefficient, with most people not getting approved for loans purely due to lack of data. It got them thinking that there must be a better way to go about it, by using mobile technology while focusing on developing a data driven approach to this problem. That was the beginning of the FIDO Solutions story. After the initial idea was developed, Edry, Topolski and Zepkowitz brought in Eden Kfir, Gadi Regev, and Boaz Jacobi to enhance the team and propel Fido’s development. Jacobi (CEO) led the process of developing the risk analysis model, and very quickly ran into a major crossroad. Jacobi states “we asked ourselves whether we could count on third party data sources for making decisions on who to approve, or whether we need to develop the entire system ourselves. We decided to develop the entire risk model in-house and not rely on banks, telcos and other sources of data, which ultimately separates us from other companies in the micro-loan space. At the end of the day, we want to be in every developing country, and relying on our own systems assures us scalability”. Fido Solutions FIDO's team in Ghana (Credit: FIDO Solutions) FIDO developed a robust technology platform that offers automated operations of micro-loans by leveraging mobile technology that reaches new customers in developing countries. Ghana was an initial case study and the sandbox in which the company was able to develop their proprietary end-to-end solution. In Ghana, FIDO provides fast and easily accessible short-term loans for people in need of amounts between $50 to $200. Previously, the only resources available to most people in Ghana and other African countries for this type of loans were family and friends. Now FIDO provides a mobile first solution where customers can apply directly for a loan using their mobile device or at a FIDO branch and receive an instant credit decision and money in their mobile wallet or bank account within minutes. The loan is available to salaried, self-employed professionals and small businesses , no collateral or guarantors are required, but rather an automated instant online KYC (Know Your Customer) process prior to disbursement. Approved customers can receive their cash within minutes. This is a significantly more efficient process for people looking for quick, micro-loans, and for many in Ghana it’s been simply revolutionary. Data Is Everywhere. Literally. In order to develop a reliable home-grown alternative risk model FIDO had to develop a unique set of data points. They accomplish this by focusing on data generated from mobile phones of loan applicants. This includes data generated via the actual application form, the time it takes to complete the form, whether or not there are spelling mistakes, the phone location, contact list and even the exact timing of when the phone was last charged. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: General Electric Company Still Has a Capital Arm; Here's Why It Matters Jeff Immelt's industrial pivot isn't just about industrial equipment or even making its solutions more digital. It's also seeing a change in focus at GE Capital. Lee Samaha (TMFSaintGermain) Mar 21, 2017 at 11:15AM It's well known that General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) is shifting back to its industrial roots with CEO Jeff Immelt planning to generate 90% of the company's earnings from its digital industrial businesses by 2018. As such, GE Capital assets have been sold off to banks like Wells Fargo & Co and Capital One Financial Corp., while the highly successful Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) spinoff also saw General Electric jettisoning financial businesses. With all of this going on, it's easy to forget that the company still has a capital arm, and it happens to be a key part of its future. Here's how and why. GE Capital industrial finance solutions are being expanded to also cover renewable energy. Image source: GE Reports. General Electric becomes an industrial again The financial crisis hit GE particularly hard, and few long-term investors will forget when Immelt cut the dividend to 10 cents a share from 31 cents a share in 2009 -- the first cut since 1938. The effects of the crisis still linger, and as shown below, bank stock valuations are nowhere near what they used to be prior to the crisis. WFC Price to Book Value data by YCharts. However, industrial company valuations are comparable to pre-recession levels. HON EV to EBITDA (TTM) data by YCharts. In other words, the market has decided to take a different view on future prospects of the two industries -- not least because banks like Wells Fargo are more subject to regulation intended to reduce risk, and this is likely to make them less able to generate outsized returns. GE Capital still has a role With that said, many industrial companies have financial arms that support their businesses, and GE is no different. In a presentation given at a recent JPMorgan conference, GE Capital CEO Richard Laxer claimed that 90% of GE's financial services business is now aligned with GE's industrial business, whereas "a few years ago it was 50-50." Here are the benefits of such a change: GE Capital can help drive industrial order growth through offering financing: Laxer claimed 23% of equipment orders in 2016 were facilitated by GE Capital. Through its participation in the so-called GE Store (the process by which different GE businesses collaborate in order to create value), it can provide financial and intellectual capital to GE and customers. It allows GE to receive access to capital markets, ultimately in order to better facilitate customer order growth. GE Capital generates earnings on its own. To demonstrate how this works, Laxer outlined the three areas where GE Capital is active today. In aviation finance, it's the world's leading aircraft-leasing company, with 85% of its fleet powered by GE or GE joint-venture (CFM) engines. Second, in energy finance, 90% of its investment activity is related to GE equipment. Third, industrial finance reduces friction at the point of sale and generates cash flow for GE. Aviation and energy are core industries for GE, and they both tend to involve significant investments by customers who are unlikely to recoup their investments in terms of cash flow in the near term. In this context, GE Capital's services are key to driving order growth. Meanwhile, industrial financing is being expanded from traditional strength in healthcare toward areas like transportation, additives, oil and gas, and renewables. Looking forward This industrial pivot isn't just about GE's industrial businesses. It also marks a change of emphasis at GE Capital. In a nutshell, the capital arm is now overwhelmingly focused on helping GE's industrial businesses generate growth and productivity.  Moreover, as the company expands into emerging markets, it's going to be increasingly important to create financing solutions for potential customers in areas like energy and transportation. All told, GE Capital is still an integral part of GE's future and another good example of how the company is leveraging scale to give itself an edge over the competition.  Lee Samaha has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Synchrony Financial. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Lee Samaha (TMFSaintGermain) Industrial sector focus. A firm believer in behavioural finance and an Austrian approach to the business cycle. Follow me on Twitter to receive quick and thorough analysis of your favorite stocks. Follow @LeeSamaha Article Info Mar 21, 2017 at 11:15AM Industrials Stocks General Electric NYSE:GE $29.44 down $0.09 (-0.30%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $55.26 down $0.07 (-0.13%) Capital One Financial NYSE:COF $83.68 no change (0.00%) Synchrony Financial NYSE:SYF $32.95 down $0.13 (-0.39%) Read More 5 Ways General Electric Company Can Grow Faster Than Estimates Would Trump AG Nominee Jeff Sessions Scuttle General Electric's and DuPont's Mergers? How Will a Trump Presidency Affect General Electric? 3 Industrial Stocks to Own for an American Renaissance General Electric's Top 3 Moves of 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current General Electric Company Still Has a Capital Arm; Here's Why It Matters @themotleyfool #stocks $GE, $WFC, $COF, $SYF
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Smith & Nephew plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Given “Overweight” Rating at Morgan Stanley March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating restated by investment analysts at Morgan Stanley in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. SN has been the subject of several other reports. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a GBX 1,150 ($14.20) price objective on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc dropped their target price on Smith & Nephew plc from GBX 1,370 ($16.92) to GBX 1,310 ($16.18) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, November 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 1,260 ($15.56) target price on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Jefferies Group LLC dropped their target price on Smith & Nephew plc from GBX 1,395 ($17.23) to GBX 1,370 ($16.92) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 1,190 ($14.70) target price on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 1,298.60 ($16.04). Shares of Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN) opened at 1240.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 10.84 billion. Smith & Nephew plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,064.91 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,324.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,212.19 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,195.71. Your IP Address: In other news, insider Olivier Bohuon sold 6,273 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,233 ($15.23), for a total value of £77,346.09 ($95,524.38). About Smith & Nephew plc Smith & Nephew plc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling medical devices and services. The Company offers various product franchises, which include Knee implants, Hip implants, Sports Medicine Joint Repair, Arthroscopy Enabling Technologies, Trauma and Extremities, Other Surgical Businesses, Advanced Wound Care, Advanced Wound Devices and Advanced Wound Bioactives. Receive News & Ratings for Smith & Nephew plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Halcon Resources Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Halcon Resources Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Given New $140.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Price Target Increased to $16.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Brokers Issue Forecasts for Fate Therapeutics Inc’s FY2021 Earnings (FATE) Qualys Inc (QLYS) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Insider Purchases C$25,800.00 in Stock Incyte Co. (INCY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Andrew Lewis Puhala Sells 2,168 Shares of Era Group Inc (ERA) Stock Gary B. Sutherland Sells 2,800 Shares of Pacific Insight Electronics Corp (PIH) Stock Insider Buying: Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Director Purchases $22,750.00 in Stock ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Vodafone Group plc (VOD) Given “Underperform” Rating at Macquarie Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Receives “Corporate” Rating from Northland Securities Brighton Pier Group PLC (PIER) Given “Buy” Rating at Panmure Gordon Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Price Target Lowered to GBX 2,750 at Barclays PLC SCS Group PLC’s (SCS) not rated Rating Reaffirmed at N+1 Singer Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Ocular Therapeutix’s (OCUL) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at BTIG Research Experian plc (EXPGY) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Halcon Resources Co. (HK) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Halcon Resources Co. (NYSE:HK) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Halcon Resources Corporation is an energy company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of onshore oil and natural gas properties in the United States. The Company operates in Wichita, Wilbarger and Starr Counties in Texas, Pontotoc and Seminole Counties, Oklahoma, and Louisiana. Halcon Resources Corporation, formerly known as RAM Energy Resources, Inc., is based in Louisiana, USA. “ A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Johnson Rice upgraded Halcon Resources from a hold rating to an accumulate rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Scotiabank set a $15.00 price target on Halcon Resources and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Wunderlich upgraded Halcon Resources from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $12.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Roth Capital restated a buy rating on shares of Halcon Resources in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Capital One Financial Corp. upgraded Halcon Resources from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $9.79. Shares of Halcon Resources (NYSE:HK) opened at 7.25 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $8.45 and its 200-day moving average is $9.14. Halcon Resources has a 12-month low of $6.65 and a 12-month high of $49.91. The company’s market capitalization is $661.58 million. Your IP Address: Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Halcon Resources by 20,288.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,961,293 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $46,536,000 after buying an additional 4,936,959 shares during the period. Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. acquired a new stake in Halcon Resources during the third quarter valued at $8,557,000. Kettle Hill Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Halcon Resources during the fourth quarter valued at $6,373,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in Halcon Resources by 508.6% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 545,300 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $5,093,000 after buying an additional 455,700 shares during the period. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Halcon Resources by 576.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 396,774 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $3,721,000 after buying an additional 338,147 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 84.82% of the company’s stock. About Halcon Resources Halcon Resources Corporation is an independent energy company focused on the acquisition, production, exploration and development of onshore liquids-rich oil and natural gas assets in the United States. The Company’s estimated total proved oil and natural gas reserves are approximately 146.8 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBoe), consisting of over 120.7 million barrels of oil (MMBbls), approximately 13.0 MMBbls of natural gas liquids and over 78.4 billion cubic feet (Bcf) of natural gas. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Halcon Resources (HK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Halcon Resources Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Halcon Resources Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise Central Penn Business Journal News Business Journal Daily News By Industry Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy & Environment Government Health Care Hospitality & Tourism Manufacturing & Distribution Marketing & Advertising Nonprofit Real Estate Retail Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Briefcase Opinion Columns Newsmakers Off the Clock Digital Edition Editorial Cartoon Blogs All Blogs CPBJ Extra Blog Fast Forward Women in Business Morning Roundup 10 Things to do This Weekend Around The Globe Events Awards Programs Best Places to Work in PA Business of the Year Executive Management Awards Forty Under 40 Nonprofit Innovation Awards Top 50 Fastest Growing Companies Women of Influence Seminars & Symposiums 90 Ideas in 90 Minutes Being a Best Places to Work in PA Company Seminar CPBJ Webinar Series Health Care Symposium Real Estate & Development Symposium Community Events Post an Event Sign up for Event Information Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories 2016 CPBJ Top 100/250 2015 CPBJ Top 100/250 Complete a Survey 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Marketplace Photos Off the Clock Slideshows View / Purchase Event Photos Video Resources CPBJ Top 100/250 Insights Insights Home Insights Authors Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Week Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Login Marketing & AdvertisingWomen in Business From PR to Pure Barre: Laura Deitch talks career leap By Nicole Chynoweth, March 21, 2017 at 3:00 AM Laura Deitch - (Photo / Amy Spangler) When Laura Deitch and her husband made the decision to move from New York City to the midstate, she knew they would always have the option to come back and visit their friends or favorite restaurants in the Big Apple. But she had to leave behind her favorite workout, a group fitness class focused on using a ballet barre to flex and stretch nearly every muscle.  "I thought, 'The one thing I can't bring with me is Pure Barre...or can I?,'" Deitch said. Rather than wallow and wait for a location to open near her new home, the public relations professional chose to take her skills from the board room to the barre. Deitch is the franchisee of Pure Barre Mechanicsburg, which opened along the Carlisle Pike in Silver Spring Township last December. The lessons she learned during a decade of working in corporate communications, marketing and public relations have transferred seamlessly to her work as a boutique fitness business owner. "I want to do this every single day," she said. "Every class I walk out of, I think 'I can't believe this is my life.' It's helping other people. It's helping me, and it's something I really believe in." The warm-up Before she made the career leap, Deitch earned her communications chops at a couple agencies. She dabbled in fashion public relations while studying abroad in London and after graduating from Wake Forest University worked at a small agency in North Carolina, taking on clients in several industries such as consumer health care. After six months she landed a job in New York City at Ogilvy & Mather, one of the world's largest marketing and communications firms. Deitch worked with high-profile clients such as American Express, Shutterstock and LG Electronics. She later moved onto a job in internal communications at JPMorgan Chase, where she was exposed to reading publicly traded companies' annual reports, learning what makes a company tick and business strategies. About Laura Deitch Family: Married to Steven. They have one daughter, Amelia, who is almost 2 years old. Personal mantra: "Good vibes only." Education: Wake Forest University, class of 2005; bachelor's degree in communications Favorite junk food: pie and Pennsylvania Farm Show milkshakes Most embarrassing moment during a Pure Barre class: "There was a day I forgot my right from my left." Female role model: Sheryl Sandberg, author of "Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead" In the midst of her career adventures in the big city, Deitch discovered Pure Barre. She reconnected with a sorority sister in the city who had opened a Pure Barre studio and decided to give the increasingly popular workout a try. And a workout, it was. The barre technique pushes your muscles to fatigue, she said, and then stretches them. Her muscles burned and her legs shook like there was an earthquake. She described it as "a shock to the senses." "I was so overwhelmed," she said. "It moves so quickly and it uses muscles you really don't use on a regular basis. I just remember at the end of class thinking, 'I can't believe an hour just went by.'" To get in shape for her 2013 wedding, Deitch became a Pure Barre regular. "The more I was going the more I was just like 'This has to be part of my life,'" she said. "Beyond just getting in shape, mentally every time I came in I would walk out not just feeling good from a workout perspective, but feeling good about myself. Every time I went to a class I felt like I was accomplishing something new." Finding her strengths Deitch's work experience and the skills she developed played a huge part in her decision to open Pure Barre. "Communications is my wheelhouse," she said. "I worked in PR for ten years, so everything from marketing, advertising, putting together social media accounts, building a following, media relations - for me, those are very natural skills. Those are skills I've been flexing for a really long time." Additionally, she knew she could juggle multiple projects at once due to her experience working with various clients. She could create a budget and stick to it. She had managed events. So when it came time for Deitch to determine the feasibility of opening Pure Barre, she did a self-evaluation. She listed all of her communications skills, the experiences she had that could apply to running her own business. She knew she could market the business. She knew how to reach out to media for publicity. She could juggle and coordinate a schedule of classes. She could manage the books. She would care for her customers the way she cared for her former clients. What seemed like two different worlds - a public relations firm versus a fitness studio - suddenly seemed very similar. "Risk is a really scary thing," she said. "For me, I put it all on paper. I assessed myself. I assessed my skill set. I really believe in this concept, and if you find something that you believe in, and you think that it can succeed and you're able to put your human capital into it, the sky is the limit." Rising to the challenge Now that the doors are open, Deitch is ready to share the benefits of the barre. Her goal is to keep Pure Barre Mechanicsburg fresh and up-to-date over the long term, since fitness is an ever-evolving industry. In her previous career, Deitch had some clients that were really special to her, but even though she worked closely with them, "there was still a distance." Pure Barre, she said, is the first time she's "really been embedded in something that I can truly say I love." "We're lucky that even though Pure Barre has been around for quite a while," she said, "We're the first franchise in Central Pennsylvania, so a lot of people around here don't know about it. It's novel here." Pure Barre from Central Penn Business Journal on Vimeo. More From This Industry • Harrisburg production company making new craft beer documentary • Cathy Hirko: Welcome to the March edition • Pavone's Amy Murray: Be mindful, because your health may depend on it • Stock and Leader attorney reflects on journey from the farm to the courtroom Share This Story: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Nicole Chynoweth Nicole Chynoweth is the web editor for Central Penn Business Journal. Email her at nicole@cpbj.com. Follow her on Twitter, @NicoleChynoweth. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on CPBJ.com Wendell Hollinger, veteran leader at Safe Harbour, to retire Armstrong asbestos trust target of lawsuit Court: Rite Aid was right to fire needle-phobic pharmacist Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Mechanicsburg charity told by state to stop soliciting 2 Court: Rite Aid was right to fire needle-phobic pharmacist 3 Brew Crumberland's Best adding second West Shore location 4 Groundbreaking at former Masland site seen later this year 5 Armstrong asbestos trust target of lawsuit 1 Hershey Co. adding jobs at Virginia factory (3) 2 Proposed budget cuts could land hard in Central Pa. (3) 3 PinnacleHealth/UPMC: Would they create a monopoly in Cumberland? (3) 4 Worst of Winter Storm Stella expected to end before Wednesday commute (2) 5 West Shore School District nears decision on future facilities (2) Featured News York County woman facing mail and wire fraud charges What could the PinnacleHealth deal mean for employers? Mechanicsburg charity told by state to stop soliciting Realtors' video series shows lighter side of home buying and selling Expect more tech hubs in Harrisburg because of HU Wendell Hollinger, veteran leader at Safe Harbour, to retire Central Penn Business Journal Latest News CPBJ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With CPBJ Media Kit 2017 Editorial Calendar Event Sponsorships Production Info Classified Specs Customer Service Contact CPBJ Help & FAQ About CPBJ CPBJ Staff Directions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Purchase Photos Resources Classifieds Archive Search Surveys Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Sell Whole Foods shares because store is 'victim of its own success,' UBS says This stock will surge more than 30% on its new cloud-based security offering, Goldman says The bond market is no longer convinced Trump can spark an economic boom This chip stock will surge this year on better profitability, Credit Suisse says Electric autos overhyped, bet on cleaner burning engine suppliers: Deutsche Bank Morgan Stanley downgrades airline stocks on too much added capacity Market is trading on Trump’s fiscal policy chances, Barclays says Buy Monster Beverage on international growth, JPMorgan says BTIG's Greenfield: I was wrong on Facebook. I'm upgrading. 10 ways to play a coming dealmaking surge This cloud play could see sales double in three years, analyst says Buy AMD because Ryzen processors will take share from Intel, Jefferies says CF Industries to rally more than 20% on improving fertilizer prices, Goldman says This beat-up security stock will rally nearly 70% on turnaround, analyst says Buy Apple because iPhone sales expectations are ‘way too low,’ Cowen says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: All signs point to a coming dealmaking surge These are the 5 favorite stocks of the best consumer analysts on Wall Street Facebook shares, up big in 2017, should keep going, UBS says Buy this milk stock on falling dairy costs, JPMorgan says Analyst compares Netflix stock to Jesus: 'You either believe or you don't' Morning Top 10 Friday Growth stocks are beating value and the 'growthier' the better This chipmaker’s strong results means bullish things for Apple Tesla may not be finished tapping capital markets, UBS warns Goldman sees this discount retailer benefiting as malls suffer Biogen shares drop after Morgan Stanley downgrade The market still isn't accounting for this stimulus likely coming from Trump Apple’s service business could make stock less of a bumpy ride, analyst says Netflix upgraded by Jefferies as survey reveals growing use in Germany, India Nike shares to rally on new Air VaporMax shoe, Credit Suisse says Buy Disney because of winning film-toys-parks cycle, analyst says Verizon poor dealmaking Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead These 5 hated stocks are due for a rebound, says strategist Tom Lee Buy Yum Brands on this dip for the multibillion dollar share buyback: Analyst Kimberly-Clark shares downgraded because Huggies is in a diaper pricing war Morning Top 10 Friday Breakingviews: Hedge funds may be in for another tough year American Express is going to start lending out a lot more money, JPMorgan says This is what could finally end the 8-year bull market Buy Facebook because Snapchat–like features will drive growth, JPMorgan says Tesla could eventually become the next Apple or Amazon, analyst says Buy AMD on this dip because new products will take share from Nvidia: Analyst Morning Top 10 Thursday TipRanks: These stocks are seeing interesting insider buying US economy will post a record expansion because of Trump, strategist says Starbucks' refugee hiring program is hurting sales, Credit Suisse says Buy BlackRock because ETF price cuts aren't hurting iShares, JPMorgan says Morning Top 10 Wednesday These stocks will beat the market in 2017, Credit Suisse predicts Bull market that gets 'no respect' to continue, strategist says Strategist Stovall: Bull market has further to go, judging by history Buy Nvidia because its new high end graphics card will hurt AMD, Goldman says Morning Top 10 Tuesday RBC's Golub: Rising rates should continue to boost banks Trump's postelection market rally could soon hit a wall, JPMorgan says Hedge funds love these 4 bank stocks and you should too, Goldman Sachs says Jefferies upgrades Dow Chemical and DuPont to buy Alcoa to rally more than 40% because it's a 'cash machine,' Goldman says Buy Apple on iPhone 8 ‘super-cycle,’ India growth, Citi says FedEx shares are cheap, BMO says; upgrades stock to outperform Sell Snap because competitors are ‘stealing its best ideas,’ Needham says Netflix shares to rally as international subscribers top expectations, UBS says Santoli: Nearly everyone knows US stocks aren’t cheap, but it may not matter These are 4 favorite stocks of the Street's top consumer analysts: TipRanks Usually bullish Tom Lee issues mea culpa on missing this rally Sell GoPro on action camera market 'saturation,' Citi says Buy Dr Pepper Snapple on Bai drinks, Trump's tax reform, Jefferies says Strategist Stovall raises year-end market forecast Snap IPO marks moment investors gave up giving a damn Chart analysts see momentum carrying the Dow beyond 21,000 These Trump trades have ‘more to go,’ Jefferies says This hot biotech stock will surge more than 50 percent this year, analyst says Wall Street believes these stocks will lead the Dow to its next milestone Bridgewater’s radical reality Wall Street analysts are bullish on Alphabet's YouTube TV streaming service Buy this energy stock for its rising dividends, Goldman Sachs says Citi cautions clients about chasing defense stocks at these levels Goldman Sachs says this chip stock will surge this year Intel to fall 17% on increasing competition from Nvidia and AMD, Bernstein says Overbought February: 10 stocks ready to drop based on statistics Breakingviews: Target’s wobbly aim will take time to correct Deutsche Bank upgrades CSX to buy, predicts 23 percent rally US Steel to rally nearly 60% on oil industry turnaround, Cowen says Costco may raise its membership fees, UBS says Jefferies strategist says it's time to bet on a market storm ahead, here's why JPMorgan says Street might be too bearish on Aflac, upgrades the stock Even after plunge, Under Armour shares are overvalued, analyst says Jefferies says Chevron's big dividend to get even bigger, makes stock a top pick Goldman warns a sell-off is coming and one of these 3 things may cause it Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Buy Nvidia dip as 'secular growth story' is still intact, Goldman Sachs says Sell Tesla because Model 3 sales will disappoint next year, Goldman Sachs says These are top health-care analysts' 5 favorite stocks: TipRanks Hollywood’s Oscar glow could be dimmed by China Jefferies downgrades Goodyear Tire to hold on stretched valuations Buy Intuit on rising small business software sales, tax reform, Credit Suisse says Here's a new under-the-radar Trump trade: Boxes JPMorgan upgrades Wendy's to buy, saying new cost-cutting strategy is working › Pro Analysis Buy Monster Beverage because it's about to become an international growth story, JPMorgan says Tae Kim | @firstadopter Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 11:11 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images Monster Energy drinks Investors should buy Monster Beverage shares because growth from its international distribution deal with Coca-Cola will outweigh sluggish domestic sales, according to JPMorgan, which initiated coverage of the company with an overweight rating. President Donald Trump's economic agenda should also help the stock, analyst Andrea Teixeira said. "We believe that the Coca-Cola partnership will allow MNST to become more competitive abroad. In existing international markets, we believe that Monster will be able to leverage the expertise of KO bottlers to improve distribution and execution, particularly in countries where MNST has historically been weak," Teixeira wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. "We believe that Monster could prove to be one the biggest beneficiaries of potential corporate tax reform in our coverage universe." Monster Beverage owns several drink brands such as Monster, NOS and Full Throttle. The company started distributing via Coca-Cola bottlers in Brazil late last year, according to Teixeira. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MNST --- Pro Analysis Whole Foods shares to drop because store is 'victim of its own success,' UBS says This stock will surge more than 30% on its new cloud-based security offering, Goldman says The bond market is no longer convinced Trump can spark an economic boom This chip stock will surge this year on better profitability, Credit Suisse says Electric autos are overhyped, bet on cleaner burning engine suppliers, Deutsche Bank says To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Czech crown may find rise restricted when cap is lifted By Reuters Published: 11:23 EDT, 21 March 2017 | Updated: 11:23 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail By Marc Jones LONDON, March 21 (Reuters) - With the Czech Republic's 3-1/2-year old currency cap expected to be removed within months, 'fair value' calculations suggest the crown will not rise much more than 5 percent against the euro. Crown moves are unlikely to be anything like the Swiss franc's dramatic surge in 2015 when its euro cap was scrapped without warning. On forward markets, where traders position for currency moves, the crown has risen in recent months, with three-month contracts on Tuesday indicating the crown at its strongest level since 2013. Implied three- and six-month forward rates are around 26.7 to 26.88 per euro - not far off the 27-per-euro cap. And a Reuters poll found median forecasts for the crown at 26.4 per euro a month after the exit, while the median forecast for the strongest point within six months of the exit was 25.60. "We expect the crown to appreciate around 2.6 percent to 26.5 per euro," said Erste Bank's Head of CEE Macro research Juraj Kotian, who like most analysts predicts the 27 per euro cap will be lifted next month. "It could get a little stronger for a while, but we think the central bank will be resistant to it appreciating past 26." That view of potential "post-cap" gains is supported by textbook valuation methods used by organisations such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF). A common approach is to calculate the 'real effective exchange rate' (REER) by taking the weighted average of a currency against a basket of trade partners' currencies and then adjusting for inflation. The crown's REER is roughly 5 percent below its 10-year average, which if it reverted would be the kind of rise JPMorgan sees as a maximum. (http://tmsnrt.rs/2fHdpx5) Commerzbank predicts a rise to 26 immediately after the cap is scrapped, then to 25 by year-end, effectively an 8 percent jump, while Oxford Economics sees the crown around 2 percent undervalued based on REER, and settling around 26.4 per euro. Czech authorities have played down likely moves, with central bank board member Vojtech Benda describing the crown as being at "the weaker edge of its equilibrium range", with the possibility of 1-2 percent appreciation trend in REER terms. He told investors in January that scrapping the cap would "not result in exchange rate appreciating sharply to slightly overvalued levels recorded before the CNB started intervening (in 2013)." YO-YO MOMENT One argument for a crown jump has been record buying of Czech bonds by foreigners. Interventions to maintain the cap have caused central bank reserves to balloon to some 60 percent of Czech gross domestic product: http://reut.rs/2npcAd8 But much of that money may move once it enjoys the currency appreciation boost because the crown lacks the Swiss franc's international cachet and demand is naturally lower. The Czech balance of payments surplus of 1.2 percent of annual output (GDP) is healthy, but nothing like Switzerland's 10 percent-plus. "The Czech Republic isn't running a monstrous current account surplus, it doesn't have a safe-haven currency," Societe Generale strategist Kit Juckes said. "It's just a small thriving economy that has upward pressure on its exchange rate because the economy is in decent shape, and because some of the political uncertainty in Europe and ECB policy has been a drag on the euro." Czech authorities have pledged to prevent rampant crown appreciation, but may not have to try too hard. Czech interest rates are almost as low as in the euro zone and short-term bond yields are negative, which makes Czech debt and the crown unappealing. "It's so unattractive" Aberdeen Asset Management portfolio manager Viktor Szabo said of Czech yields. "The question is that as you have such a huge position built up, when they let the currency go will we see textbook appreciation or will it basically yo-yo up and then down again. There is a good chance it will yo-yo." ($1 = 0.9292 euros) (Additional reporting by Jamie McGeever, Editing by Sujata Rao and Alexander Smith) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Seaspan Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Underweight Rating for Seaspan Co. (SSW) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Barclays PLC reaffirmed their underweight rating on shares of Seaspan Co. (NYSE:SSW) in a research report report published on Thursday morning. They currently have a $6.00 price objective on the stock, down from their prior price objective of $11.00. Several other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $8.00 target price on shares of Seaspan and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Seaspan from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $10.00 to $8.00 in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Seaspan from a strong sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on shares of Seaspan in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. They issued an underweight rating and a $4.50 target price on the stock. Finally, Seaport Global Securities reaffirmed a neutral rating on shares of Seaspan in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have given a hold rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $9.06. Shares of Seaspan (NYSE:SSW) opened at 6.66 on Thursday. Seaspan has a 12-month low of $6.56 and a 12-month high of $20.00. The company’s market capitalization is $703.73 million. The company has a 50 day moving average of $7.71 and a 200-day moving average of $10.37. Seaspan (NYSE:SSW) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.03. Seaspan had a negative net margin of 7.28% and a positive return on equity of 10.38%. The business had revenue of $213.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $213.39 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.35 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 2.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Seaspan will post $0.69 EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Dividend Assets Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Seaspan during the third quarter worth approximately $183,000. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. increased its stake in Seaspan by 6.5% in the fourth quarter. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. now owns 16,664 shares of the company’s stock worth $152,000 after buying an additional 1,021 shares in the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in Seaspan by 215.3% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 17,561 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 11,991 shares in the last quarter. Renaissance Group LLC increased its stake in Seaspan by 16.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Group LLC now owns 18,437 shares of the company’s stock worth $169,000 after buying an additional 2,597 shares in the last quarter. Finally, L & S Advisors Inc purchased a new stake in Seaspan during the fourth quarter worth approximately $197,000. 11.71% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Seaspan Seaspan Corporation is an independent charter owner and manager of containerships. It charters pursuant to long-term, fixed-rate time charters with various container liner companies. It operates a fleet of approximately 90 containerships. Its operating vessels include YM Wish, YM Wellhead, YM Witness, CSCL Manzanillo and Guayaquil Bridge. Receive News & Ratings for Seaspan Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Give Tiffany & Co. (TIF) a $105.00 Price Target Next » Barclays PLC Boosts SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc (SITE) Price Target to $42.00 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers More Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Market Data Latest News Industries Personal Finance Currency Convertor Video My Portfolios Australia Markets open in 9 hrs 19 mins ALL ORDS 5,754.00 +22.00 (+0.38%) ASX 200 5,708.00 +23.50 (+0.41%) AUD/USD 0.7639 -0.00 (-0.48%) Deutsche Bank soars as US closes currency probe AFP21March,2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Deutsche Bank is engaged in a long struggle to free itself from thousands of legal cases worldwide relating to its past conductMore Shares in German lender Deutsche Bank leapt in Frankfurt trading Tuesday, as news US authorities had closed an investigation into past manipulation of currency markets lent investors confidence in the troubled institution. Gains for Deutsche shares topped 7.0 percent in the early afternoon, before slipping back to trade at 16.16 euros ($17.61) -- still up 5.33 percent -- just after 1400 GMT. Buyers' keenness on the Frankfurt bank was undimmed by the other big news of the day -- the start of a 8.0-billion-euro capital increase by Deutsche, which needs cash to fund a far-reaching restructuring and bolster its reserves. Normally, stock in a firm issuing hundreds of millions of new shares falls as fresh supply weighs on its price, but not this time. The lender said in its 2016 annual report published Monday that the US Department of Justice (DoJ) "has closed its criminal enquiry 'concerning possible violations of federal criminal law in connection with the foreign exchange markets'". Global banks have paid out billions in fines for colluding to manipulate foreign exchange markets in recent years, including a settlement of almost $6 billion by Barclays, JP Morgan Chase, Citicorp, UBS, Bank of America and the Royal Bank of Scotland in 2015. The DoJ's mothballing of its Deutsche probe comes after another US regulator, the Commodities Futures and Trading Commission, dropped its own investigation into the German bank's currency activities in October. But "other regulatory and law enforcement agency investigations... remain pending," the bank noted in its report. Deutsche is engaged in a long struggle to free itself from thousands of legal cases worldwide relating to its past conduct, and in December agreed a $7.2-billion deal with the DoJ relating to mortgage-backed securities trading in the run-up to the financial crisis. At the same time, the bank is attempting a massive restructuring that will see it shift focus from global financial markets to traditional banking for businesses and households in Germany. Chief executive John Cryan announced in early March that the lender would raise some 8.0 billion euros of fresh capital to fuel his planned reorganisation and boost the capital cushion which financial firms keep on hand to weather shocks. Tuesday was the first day of the new stock being issued to existing shareholders. "The environment seems sufficiently stable for the shares to find buyers among investors," analyst Ingo Frommen of LBBW bank commented. "Nevertheless, there are further tough years of restructuring ahead for Deutsche Bank." In its annual report, Deutsche said that it expects revenues to remain "broadly flat" this year compared with last, at around 30 billion euros. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to read next Which state is the worst for mortgage repayments? Yahoo7 Finance LG, Panasonic, Samsung v Aldi: Which TV is best? Yahoo7 Finance Is the savings account dead? Yahoo7 Finance Morning-finance-update - March 23 7News How much you have to earn to be considered upper class Yahoo7 Finance Afternoon finance report - March 22 7News Afternoon finance report - March 6 Google Maps: now other people can track you, too Yahoo7 Finance Early finance report - March 22 7News Early finance report - March 6 Tony Robbins’ 4 rules for investing Yahoo Finance morning finance report 7News Doctor focused on fresh start on release from prison Why nobody trusts the world's best currency Bloomberg Morning Finance Report - March 17 7News How Refueling the F-35 in Mid-Air Sends North Korea a New Message The Fiscal Times
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gerald K. Carlson Sells 12,000 Shares of Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Stock Insider Buying: PJT Partners Inc (PJT) Chairman Buys 16,500 Shares of Stock Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Major Shareholder Credit Opportunit Bluemountain Sells 115,438 Shares Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class A (OSG) Major Shareholder Bluemountain Capital Managemen Sells 65,253 Shares Cintas Co. (CTAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Affimed NV (AFMD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report report published on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research currently has $7.75 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, “NovoCure Limited is an oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a therapy called Tumor Treating Fields for the treatment of solid tumor cancers. It operates primarily in the United States, Germany, Switzerland and Japan. NovoCure Limited is based in Saint Helier, Channel Islands. “ A number of other analysts have also commented on the company. Wedbush reissued an outperform rating and set a $20.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Wells Fargo & Co lowered Novocure from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating and set a $14.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a report on Sunday, February 26th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $16.79. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) opened at 7.40 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $7.16 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.78. Novocure has a 52 week low of $5.95 and a 52 week high of $17.00. The company’s market cap is $644.33 million. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported ($0.26) EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.39) by $0.13. The firm earned $30.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $26.95 million. Novocure had a negative return on equity of 69.89% and a negative net margin of 219.29%. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Novocure will post ($0.99) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: In other Novocure news, COO Michael J. Ambrogi sold 27,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.27, for a total transaction of $227,425.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 139,084 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,150,224.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Gert L. Perlhagen acquired 125,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $6.93 per share, with a total value of $866,250.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 6,125,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $42,446,250. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 33.90% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Novocure during the third quarter worth approximately $7,988,000. Tamarack Advisers LP bought a new stake in shares of Novocure during the third quarter worth approximately $6,557,000. Courage Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Novocure during the third quarter worth approximately $4,270,000. Highline Capital Management L.P. raised its stake in shares of Novocure by 3.5% in the third quarter. Highline Capital Management L.P. now owns 1,818,079 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,526,000 after buying an additional 62,200 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Hartline Investment Corp raised its stake in shares of Novocure by 69.4% in the third quarter. Hartline Investment Corp now owns 140,941 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,204,000 after buying an additional 57,751 shares in the last quarter. 21.98% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Novocure NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a therapy called TTFields for the treatment of solid tumor cancers. TTFields is a low-toxicity anti-mitotic treatment that uses low-intensity, intermediate frequency, alternating electric fields to exert physical forces on molecules inside cancer cells, disrupting the basic machinery for normal cell division, leading to cancer cell death. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Novocure (NVCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Deutsche Bank AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Barclays PLC Upgrades Bunzl plc (BNZL) to Overweight Analysts Set Summit Materials Inc (SUM) Target Price at $25.00 Tegna Inc (TGNA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Toro Co (TTC) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages 48,677 Shares in Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $2,158,000 in Kennametal Inc. (KMT) 49,606 Shares in Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. 105,454 Shares in K2M Group Holdings Inc (KTWO) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $1,142,000 Stake in Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $1,108,000 Position in Unit Co. (UNT) Northwest Natural Gas Co (NWN) Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Shares Bought by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Raises Stake in Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) Insider Selling: Catalent Inc (CTLT) Insider Sells $2,112,699.78 in Stock Robert Kelly Ortberg Sells 18,850 Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Stock Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Qualys Inc (QLYS) Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Wolseley plc (WOSYY) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Whitbread (WTBCY) to Sell Good Energy Group Plc (GOOD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Investec Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €11.50 Price Target by Societe Generale Analysts Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) has been given a €11.50 ($12.37) price objective by stock analysts at Societe Generale in a research report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a “sell” rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €16.00 ($17.20) price target on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Citigroup Inc set a €17.00 ($18.28) price target on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, December 19th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €15.00 ($16.13) price target on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Commerzbank Ag set a €12.00 ($12.90) price target on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Berenberg Bank set a €9.00 ($9.68) price target on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €16.32 ($17.54). Shares of Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) opened at 15.895 on Tuesday. The stock’s market cap is €21.92 billion. Deutsche Bank AG has a 1-year low of €9.91 and a 1-year high of €19.95. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €18.33 and a 200-day moving average price of €15.72. Your IP Address: About Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG is a Germany-based global investment bank. The Company diversifies its activities into three group divisions: Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB); Private Clients and Asset Management (PCAM), and Corporate Investments (CI). The Corporate & Investment Bank group division comprises corporate banking and securities activities and is divided into Corporate Banking & Securities (CB&S), comprising Markets and Corporate Finance businesses, and Global Transaction Banking (GTB) corporate divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Bank AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Albemarle Co. (ALB) Increased by Analyst Next » Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Stake Maintained by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Financials Look Overextended As U.S. “Big Four” Banks Hit $1 Trillion Market Cap March 21, 2017 7:59am NYSE:XLF ShareTweet From Tyler Durden: For the first time ever, the market cap of America’s “Big Four” banks topped $1 trillion, having surged 30% since Donald Trump was elected president. While to some this is cause for celebration, we note that the last time a nation’s “big four” banks topped $1 trillion in market cap did not end well. As Bloomberg notes, the four biggest U.S. banks were worth the most on record versus China’s “Big Four” this month, as JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, and Citigroup were worth over $250 billion more than Industrial & Commercial Bank, China Construction Bank, Bank of China, and Agricultural Bank of China combined. The four Chinese banks, the world’s most profitable, were worth about the same as the U.S. foursome as recently as June. However, as the chart above shows, while the American quartet’s combined market value closed above $1 trillion for the first time last month, China achieved that goals in June 2015… and it did not end well. The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE:XLF) rose $0.09 (+0.37%) in premarket trading Tuesday. Year-to-date, XLF has gained 4.39%, versus a 5.92% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. XLF currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 38 ETFs in the Financial Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of ZeroHedge. Tags: banks Equity financial NYSE:XLF Categories: NYSE:XLF Read Next These Major Banks Are Poised To Benefit From Rising Rates Have U.S. Banks’ Valuations Run Up Too Far? Financials Could Be Setting Up For a Major Pullback Soon Impending Fed Changes Likely Mean More Upside Ahead For Financials Investors Are Starting To Hedge Their Bets On Financials Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Technicals Signal More Downside Risk For The Dow Jones Industrial Average Deutsche Bank Shares Plunge After Details Emerge About Massive Share Offering Spring Malaisse Hits The Dow Jones Industrial Average Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Morning Scan Remembering David Rockefeller; Wells still reeling Morning Scan Feds finger North Korea in hack; Deutsche's next chief? Morning Scan Relief planned for small banks; Auto lenders hit potholes Wells Fargo tries to escape from scandal with ad campaign Performance before big pay, banks tell executives search goes here Morning Scan Remembering David Rockefeller; Wells still reeling By George Yacik Published March 21 2017, 8:20am EDT More in Morning scan JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo Print Email Reprints Share Share on End of an era: David Rockefeller, the last surviving grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller and the chairman and chief executive of Chase Manhattan Bank during the 1970s, died Monday at 101. Although his family never owned more than 5% of the bank's shares, Chase – later to become JPMorgan Chase – became known as "David's bank." Following his tenure at the bank, Rockefeller was one of the world's major philanthropists. The Financial Times eulogized him as "the last of a breed. An old-style banker-statesman, he ran Chase Manhattan at the height of its power in an era before bond traders came to dominate the world of international finance. A philanthropist with a keen sense of civic duty, he left his mark on a wide range of institutions as well as on the Manhattan skyline." Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, New York Times, American Banker Subscribe Now Access to authoritative analysis and perspective and our data-driven report series. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial No credit card required. Complete access to articles, breaking news and industry data. Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Analysis & Reports Research & Services Events & Workshops Membership PSFK Members Beauty Briefing Loading... menu Explore by Retail Retail> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Advertising Advertising> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Design Design> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All consulting Events Membership Reports Get our Newsletter About How Big Banks Are Fighting Back Against Venmo Financial Services Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Several big corporations are now ready to launch Zelle, aimed to win back the hearts (and pockets) of bill splitters and debit card owners Ido Lechner, Home Editor 20 march 2017 From PayPal, Square Cash and Venmo, to Google Wallet, Dwolla and ChimpChange, peer-to-peer payment apps are overseeing currency that was once the exclusive domain of the banking sector. Most popular among millennials who’ve yet to secure a decent living of their own, these brands have helped democratize digital currency exchanges, and have even provided a channel for savvy teens and young adults to earn some money using the most potent weapon in their arsenal: smartphones. Of course, banks aren’t thrilled to see their money drift away, so nineteen banks including Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo have recently announced a joint-force collaboration branded Zelle aimed to win back the hearts (and pockets) of bill splitters and debit card owners, even if they don’t bank. Come mid-2017, the platform will launch to take on the current players—a task which will prove difficult even for a universal bank p2p app given Venmo’s cumulative processing of $17.6 billion USD last year alone. Still, Zelle’s execs remain optimistic given their current technological breakthroughs to integrate 19 large banks (many of operate with their own legacy systems), four payment processors, and two card networks. The platform will be launched in waves to enable the participating banks to sync with Zelle incrementally, without forgoing their current operations in a single hasty move. With a third of Americans now using person-to-person payment apps, and a projected near-half of the country adopting one of the platforms by 2021, the window of opportunity for implementing the app couldn’t be riper. Built by Early Warning, a bank-owned company that also runs the clearXchange payments systems, the company’s president of payments recently told Bloomberg, “This is a great time for us to move [person-to-person payments] from millennials to mainstream. Any place we see checks and cash, that’s our target.” While Zelle and Venmo share a striking resemblance, perhaps the critical difference outside of Zelle’s affiliation with banks is the app’s strict focus on paying or requesting payments. Whereas Venmo is a platform riddled with emojis, that further lets users make their transactions public, Zelle’s target audience sees no need for social interaction within this context, and the company will do without that element altogether. Whether Zelle will prove successful remains to be seen, even among beta testers, but it is likely to help win the hearts of an older generation that could use the utilities of a peer-to-peer payment network devoid of the extraneous features that arguably make them popular among the younger cohort. Zelle +Bank of America Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +banking Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +chimpchange Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +citigroup Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +digital currency exchange Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +dwolla Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +finance Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google wallet Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +JPMorgan Chase Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +paypal Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +peer-to-peer payment system Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +square cash Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +venmo Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +wells fargo Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +zella Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending Roundtable: Engaging Customers In A New Beauty Landscape Bogar Alonso Posted March 20, 2017 Beauty Beauty Today Roundtable: Courting Mass Retail In The Age Of Personalized Beauty Advertising Today Adidas In-Store Machine Knits A Custom Sweater Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Mobile Commerce Playbook Financial Services Yesterday Credit Card Expert: How Retailers Can Capitalize On Co-Branded Credit Cards Children Today Slow Fashion Label Made For Kids Who Grow Quickly Analysis & Newsletters Get Our Newsletter: Non-members can sign up for a free dose of daily and weekly insights. Related Expert Avi Savar Crowdfunding, Social Media Retail march 21, 2017 Visa's New Glasses Can Make Payments At Stores Arts & Culture Today Create Realistic Oil Paintings On A Tablet Advertising Today Barbie Campaign Pushes For A New Perspective With Dads Playing With Their Kids Debriefs DOWNLOAD: The Beauty Debrief - Learn the secrets to offering a personalized brand experience PSFK Op-Ed february 17, 2017 Data Designer: Why We Need To Take Back The Infographic PSFK Labs march 20, 2017 How Customization Is Reshaping The Beauty Industry Technology Today Blockchain Company Is Working To Build A Digital Stock Market Health Today Buy A Carry-On Bag And Give Someone Access To Clean Water PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Membership Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Travel Today Hilton Now Allows Friends To Pool Rewards Points Together Financial Services Yesterday Credit Card Expert: How Retailers Can Capitalize On Co-Branded Credit Cards Videos Framing The Future…Live: Membership includes full access to our video archive of thought-leaders. Automotive Yesterday Uber Will Soon Be Delivering Groceries PSFK EVENTS PSFK 2017 Conference - Named one of the Most Innovative Conferences of 2016 by Inc. Magazine - BUY YOUR TICKETS, MAY 19 Food Yesterday Alcoholic Cold Brew Is On The Way Augmented & Virtual Reality Yesterday Google Is Using AR To Guide Customers Around Stores Events & Webinars Join Fellow Change-Makers: Meet other like-minded members at our inspiration sessions every month. Wellness Yesterday Company Helps Medical Patients Get Paid For Their Influence AI Yesterday Robot Actor Takes To The Stage In London Design & Architecture Yesterday Edible Robots May Soon Be Revolutionizing Medicine No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download How Customization Is Reshaping The Beauty Industry Beauty Statistics [Insight] Chinese digital influencers are fueling a massive ‘fan economy’ [Stat] Up to a third of Venmo transactions could be related to illegal gambling [News] British Columbia is expanding tax breaks to attract virtual-reality firms [News] Mercedes campaign encourages consumers to “grow up” with its brand [News] Sorrell calls out Google on ‘lack of responsibility’ for brand safety [Insight] Why Sonos has to sell the disease before selling the cure [Insight] How brands can get ready for the voice tech explosion [Stat] Which fashion categories do Amazon’s private labels threaten? [Insight] An inside look at the ups and downs of Walmart’s journey [Insight] WeChat’s transformative role for beauty brands in China [Infographic] Who is the millennial female micro influencer? [Insight] From luxury fashion to cars: Alibaba bets big on augmented reality [Insight] India’s seniors are so lonely they’re renting grand kids for company [News] Google apologises after ads appear next to extremist content [News] Warnings over children’s health as recycled e-waste comes back as plastic toys [News] JP Morgan Chase is developing a tool for constant performance reviews [News] Uber has produced 18 episodes of a podcast warning drivers about the dangers of joining a union [Opinion] The future of social-justice activism and mass-incarceration reform is in VR [Stat] A quarter of US beer drinkers have switched to marijuana, or would if it was legal [Insight] To avoid the high cost of car ownership Singaporeans are working as Uber drivers with rented cars [Opinion] Most people are secretly threatened by creativity [Insight] This giant warehouse farm says it can grow 100 times more greens per square foot than traditional farms [News] Vibrator maker ordered to pay out C$4m for tracking users’ sexual activity [Stat] Augmented Reality is improving worker efficiency by up to 34% [News] Intel buying autonomous-driving company Mobileye for $15.3B [News] Walmart is acquiring ModCloth, the online women’s fashion retailer [News] Google is acquiring data science community Kaggle [Insight] Should brands localize their social media channels? [News] Snapchat Spectacles store opens in Venice Beach [News] GM’s OnStar is offering food deals to drivers Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Franklin Resources Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Resources Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Cut to “Equal Weight” at Morgan Stanley March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley cut shares of Franklin Resources, Inc. (NYSE:BEN) from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research report released on Thursday. Morgan Stanley currently has $38.00 target price on the closed-end fund’s stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on BEN. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Franklin Resources from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Friday, November 25th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an underperform rating on shares of Franklin Resources in a research note on Saturday, December 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating on shares of Franklin Resources in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Citigroup Inc lifted their target price on Franklin Resources from $40.00 to $40.50 and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG downgraded Franklin Resources from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, one has assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $38.88. Franklin Resources (NYSE:BEN) opened at 42.04 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $41.89 and a 200 day moving average price of $38.65. Franklin Resources has a 1-year low of $30.56 and a 1-year high of $44.35. The stock has a market capitalization of $23.77 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.17 and a beta of 1.78. Franklin Resources (NYSE:BEN) last issued its earnings results on Friday, January 27th. The closed-end fund reported $0.77 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.09. Franklin Resources had a return on equity of 13.88% and a net margin of 26.77%. The company earned $1.56 billion during the quarter. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.74 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 11.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Franklin Resources will post $2.69 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 13th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.90%. Franklin Resources’s dividend payout ratio is presently 26.94%. In other Franklin Resources news, Chairman Gregory E. Johnson sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.18, for a total value of $1,079,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now directly owns 2,162,863 shares in the company, valued at $93,392,424.34. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Jennifer M. Johnson sold 16,835 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.90, for a total value of $739,056.50. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 1,521,037 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $66,773,524.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 21.60% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in BEN. State Street Corp increased its stake in Franklin Resources by 2.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 20,537,895 shares of the closed-end fund’s stock worth $812,895,000 after buying an additional 559,012 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in Franklin Resources by 12.8% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 8,049,532 shares of the closed-end fund’s stock worth $286,321,000 after buying an additional 916,293 shares during the period. Kiltearn Partners LLP increased its stake in Franklin Resources by 7.4% in the fourth quarter. Kiltearn Partners LLP now owns 5,899,600 shares of the closed-end fund’s stock worth $233,506,000 after buying an additional 407,600 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Franklin Resources by 4.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 4,590,323 shares of the closed-end fund’s stock worth $163,278,000 after buying an additional 192,794 shares during the period. Finally, Credit Suisse AG increased its stake in Franklin Resources by 44.6% in the third quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 2,412,366 shares of the closed-end fund’s stock worth $85,807,000 after buying an additional 744,390 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 48.31% of the company’s stock. About Franklin Resources Franklin Resources, Inc is a holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, operates as Franklin Templeton Investments. It is a global investment management company that provides investment management and related services to retail, institutional and high net-worth clients in jurisdictions around the world. Receive News & Ratings for Franklin Resources Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Resources Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Berkeley Group Holdings PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Sprint Corp (S) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by analysts at Peel Hunt in a note issued to investors on Friday. They currently have a GBX 4,370 ($53.97) target price on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 37.42% from the company’s previous close. BKG has been the subject of a number of other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Monday, December 5th. Barclays PLC lifted their target price on Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 2,790 ($34.46) to GBX 3,175 ($39.21) and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a report on Monday, February 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 3,559 ($43.95) target price (down previously from GBX 3,876 ($47.87)) on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Canaccord Genuity lifted their target price on Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 2,750 ($33.96) to GBX 3,170 ($39.15) and gave the stock a ” buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Finally, Beaufort Securities reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Monday, December 5th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 3,251 ($40.15). Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG) opened at 3219.29 on Friday. Berkeley Group Holdings PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 2,015.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 3,390.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 4.43 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 2,926.19 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 2,708.06. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 24th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be paid a GBX 85.24 ($1.05) dividend. This represents a yield of 2.96%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 2nd. Your IP Address: Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Company Profile The Berkeley Group Holdings plc is a holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in residential-led, mixed-use property development. Its segments include Residential-led mixed-use development and Other activities. Its brands include Berkeley, which creates medium to large-scale developments in towns, cities and the countryside, encompassing executive homes, mixed use schemes, riverside apartments, refurbished historic buildings and urban loft spaces; St George, which is involved in mixed use sustainable regeneration in London; St James, which handles projects that embrace private residential development, commercial property, recreational and community facilities; St Edward, which offers residentially led developments, and St William. Receive News & Ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at Macquarie in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on LLOY. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a GBX 60 ($0.74) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 80 ($0.99) target price on Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Beaufort Securities reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 80 ($0.99) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG raised their target price on Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 58 ($0.72) to GBX 58 ($0.72) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 70 ($0.86) to GBX 75 ($0.93) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 69.48 ($0.86). Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) opened at 69.80 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 67.49 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 61.47. The firm’s market cap is GBX 49.28 billion. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 47.10 and a 52-week high of GBX 74.00. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a GBX 2.20 ($0.03) dividend. This is an increase from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. This represents a yield of 3.17%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. Your IP Address: In other Lloyds Banking Group PLC news, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.85), for a total value of £100,621.32 ($124,269.88). Insiders acquired 784 shares of company stock valued at $52,758 over the last three months. About Lloyds Banking Group PLC Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Premier Oil PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Premier Oil PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts J D Wetherspoon plc (JDW) Insider Ben Whitley Buys 15 Shares of Stock Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) TRANSAT AT Inc (TRZ) Receives “Buy” Rating from Beacon Securities Nestle SA (NESN) Given a CHF 81 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Five Below Inc (FIVE) Issues Q1 Earnings Guidance Kingfisher plc (KGF) Announces Dividend Increase – GBX 7.15 Per Share Quixant PLC (QXT) Announces Dividend of GBX 2 Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc (KTOS) to Hold Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc. (GOLF) PT Set at $25.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Diana Shipping Inc. (DSX) Rises By 36.0% Duluth Holdings Inc (DLTH) Sees Large Volume Increase After Earnings Beat Brokerages Set Changyou.Com Ltd (CYOU) Target Price at $30.23 Meredith Co. (MDP) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance PVH Corp (PVH) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance Life Storage Inc (LSI) Given a $96.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Public Storage (PSA) a $210.00 Price Target Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Given a $82.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) Given a $3.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) a $11.00 Price Target Premier Oil PLC (PMO) Receives “Speculative Buy” Rating from GMP Securities Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet GMP Securities reissued their speculative buy rating on shares of Premier Oil PLC (LON:PMO) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. A number of other brokerages have also recently weighed in on PMO. Deutsche Bank AG restated a hold rating on shares of Premier Oil PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Barclays PLC restated an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 100 ($1.24) price target on shares of Premier Oil PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Macquarie cut Premier Oil PLC to a neutral rating and dropped their price target for the company from GBX 103 ($1.27) to GBX 80 ($0.99) in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Davy Research restated a neutral rating on shares of Premier Oil PLC in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating on shares of Premier Oil PLC in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Premier Oil PLC currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 92.75 ($1.15). Premier Oil PLC (LON:PMO) opened at 66.125 on Wednesday. Premier Oil PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 38.15 and a 52-week high of GBX 99.50. The firm’s market cap is GBX 337.77 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 72.97 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 70.93. Your IP Address: Premier Oil PLC Company Profile Premier Oil plc is an independent exploration and production company with oil and gas interests in the North Sea, South East Asia, Pakistan, the Falkland Islands and Latin America. The Company is engaged in the business of upstream oil and gas exploration and production. The Company’s operations are located and managed in six business units: the Falkland Islands, Indonesia, Pakistan (including Mauritania), the United Kingdom, Vietnam and the Rest of the World. Receive News & Ratings for Premier Oil PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Premier Oil PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Price Target to GBX 170 Next » Marshalls plc (MSLH) Given Buy Rating at Panmure Gordon Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Anglo American plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Anglo American plc (AAL) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Citigroup Inc March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc restated their neutral rating on shares of Anglo American plc (LON:AAL) in a research note published on Thursday. Citigroup Inc currently has a GBX 1,450 ($17.91) price objective on the mining company’s stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Barclays PLC reduced their price target on Anglo American plc from GBX 1,240 ($15.31) to GBX 975 ($12.04) and set an equal weight rating for the company in a research report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating and set a GBX 1,530 ($18.90) price target on shares of Anglo American plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a sell rating and set a GBX 575 ($7.10) price target on shares of Anglo American plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on Anglo American plc from GBX 965 ($11.92) to GBX 1,200 ($14.82) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 1,600 ($19.76) price target on shares of Anglo American plc in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 1,322.19 ($16.33). Shares of Anglo American plc (LON:AAL) opened at 1280.00 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,295.97 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,149.77. Anglo American plc has a 52 week low of GBX 469.65 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,529.01. The firm’s market cap is GBX 16.30 billion. Your IP Address: In related news, insider Tony O’Neill sold 3,983 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,156 ($14.28), for a total value of £46,043.48 ($56,864.86). Also, insider Philip R. Hampton purchased 807 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 1,138 ($14.05) per share, for a total transaction of £9,183.66 ($11,342.05). About Anglo American plc Anglo American plc focuses its business on its portfolio of diamonds, platinum group metals and copper. The Company’s segments include Platinum; De Beers; Copper; Nickel; Niobium and Phosphates; Iron ore and Manganese; Coal; Corporate, and others. It produces platinum group metals (PGMs), which provides approximately 40% of mined platinum and its operations are located in the Bushveld Complex in South Africa. Receive News & Ratings for Anglo American plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Capita PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capita PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Capita PLC (CPI) PT Raised to GBX 590 at HSBC Holdings plc Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Capita PLC (LON:CPI) had its target price hoisted by HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 500 ($6.18) to GBX 590 ($7.29) in a report released on Friday. The firm presently has a “hold” rating on the stock. HSBC Holdings plc’s price target points to a potential upside of 3.60% from the company’s current price. Several other analysts have also weighed in on CPI. BNP Paribas restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 550 ($6.79) price target on shares of Capita PLC in a report on Monday, February 27th. Barclays PLC restated an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 525 ($6.48) price target on shares of Capita PLC in a report on Monday, March 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 510 ($6.30) price target on shares of Capita PLC in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Peel Hunt restated a “reduce” rating and set a GBX 466 ($5.76) price target on shares of Capita PLC in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Canaccord Genuity decreased their price target on Capita PLC from GBX 620 ($7.66) to GBX 540 ($6.67) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 533.93 ($6.59). Shares of Capita PLC (LON:CPI) opened at 567.00 on Friday. The company’s market cap is GBX 3.78 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 530.75 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 610.67. Capita PLC has a one year low of GBX 431.30 and a one year high of GBX 1,101.00. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be paid a GBX 20.60 ($0.25) dividend. This is a positive change from Capita PLC’s previous dividend of $11.10. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 25th. This represents a yield of 4.01%. Your IP Address: In other Capita PLC news, insider Chris Sellers sold 4,067 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 567 ($7.00), for a total value of £23,059.89 ($28,479.55). In the last quarter, insiders acquired 100 shares of company stock worth $50,672. Capita PLC Company Profile Capita PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which creates and delivers services in business process management. The Company’s segments include Digital & Software Solutions, Integrated Services, Local Government, Property & Health, Workplace Services, IT Enterprise Services, Asset Services, Customer Management, Capita Europe and Insurance & Benefits Services. Receive News & Ratings for Capita PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capita PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) to Hold Next » LPL Financial Holdings Inc (LPLA) Rating Reiterated by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing National Fuel Gas Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Philip C. Ackerman Sells 127,828 Shares of National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Stock Posted by William Strong on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet National Fuel Gas Co. (NYSE:NFG) Director Philip C. Ackerman sold 127,828 shares of National Fuel Gas stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.64, for a total transaction of $7,751,489.92. Following the sale, the director now owns 278,464 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,886,056.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Shares of National Fuel Gas Co. (NYSE:NFG) opened at 60.45 on Tuesday. The stock’s market capitalization is $5.16 billion. National Fuel Gas Co. has a one year low of $47.49 and a one year high of $61.25. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $59.27 and its 200-day moving average is $56.46. National Fuel Gas (NYSE:NFG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.04 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.17. The business earned $422.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $441.48 million. National Fuel Gas had a negative net margin of 0.86% and a positive return on equity of 18.34%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 12.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.78 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that National Fuel Gas Co. will post $3.27 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 14th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.405 dividend. This represents a $1.62 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.68%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. National Fuel Gas’s payout ratio is currently -1,012.50%. Your IP Address: A number of brokerages have recently commented on NFG. Scotiabank reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $60.00 price target on shares of National Fuel Gas in a report on Monday, February 6th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of National Fuel Gas from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. National Fuel Gas has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $63.25. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of NFG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in National Fuel Gas by 4.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,958,110 shares of the company’s stock valued at $214,015,000 after buying an additional 181,812 shares during the last quarter. Robshaw & Julian Associates Inc. increased its stake in National Fuel Gas by 0.6% in the third quarter. Robshaw & Julian Associates Inc. now owns 83,435 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,511,000 after buying an additional 475 shares during the last quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA increased its stake in National Fuel Gas by 10.4% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 52,663 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,984,000 after buying an additional 4,969 shares during the last quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC increased its stake in National Fuel Gas by 10.1% in the third quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC now owns 1,376,934 shares of the company’s stock valued at $74,451,000 after buying an additional 126,611 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in National Fuel Gas by 4.6% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 238,880 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,916,000 after buying an additional 10,442 shares during the last quarter. 64.97% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About National Fuel Gas National Fuel Gas Company is a holding company. The Company is an energy company engaged principally in the production, gathering, transportation, distribution and marketing of natural gas. The Company operates in five business segments: Exploration and Production, Pipeline and Storage, Gathering, Utility, and Energy Marketing. Receive News & Ratings for National Fuel Gas Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous American States Water Co (AWR) Price Target Cut to $41.00 Next » Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.K. Banks Seen Facing Losses From Scottish Independence: Chart by Richard Partington @RJPartington More stories by Richard Partington March 21, 2017, 2:00 AM EDT U.K. banks could face as much as 3 billion pounds ($3.7 billion) of credit losses if Scotland became independent, causing an economic downturn, analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. led by Raul Sinha wrote in a note to clients. CYBG Plc, the operator of the Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks, is most at risk due to a high concentration of Scottish loans, while larger firms such as Lloyds Banking Group Plc would face restructuring costs. Circumstances have changed since the last vote in 2014, and a breakup of Britain is now “an impossible-to-ignore potential outcome,” the analysts wrote. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Jounce Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Bonds Drop 1.5% During Trading FY2017 EPS Estimates for TESARO Inc Cut by Wedbush (TSRO) Valeura Energy Inc Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (VLE) New York State Teachers Retirement System Buys 200 Shares of Career Education Corp. (CECO) GoPro Inc (GPRO) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Citigroup Inc Guess?, Inc. (GES) Price Target Lowered to $12.00 at Telsey Advisory Group Quantum Capital Management Maintains Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) 25,815 Shares in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Acquired by Cpcm LLC Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC Lowers Stake in Celgene Co. (CELG) New York State Teachers Retirement System Increases Stake in KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Cintas Co. (CTAS) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Sunshine Bancorp Inc (SBCP) Coverage Initiated at Sandler O’Neill Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Has $295,000 Position in Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Employees Retirement System of Texas Has $33,731,000 Position in Visa Inc (V) Azimuth Capital Management LLC Decreases Stake in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Ally Financial Inc. Maintains Stake in McDonald's Co. (MCD) Vetr Inc. Downgrades Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) to Buy Vetr Inc. Upgrades Momo Inc (MOMO) to Buy Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Jounce Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:JNCE) has earned a consensus broker rating score of 0.00 () from the four analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. Four analysts have rated the stock with a strong buy rating. Brokerages have set a 1-year consensus price target of $29.00 for the company and are anticipating that the company will post ($0.06) earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also given Jounce Therapeutics an industry rank of 96 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. JNCE has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Cowen and Company initiated coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $28.00 price target for the company. Finally, Robert W. Baird initiated coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “outperform” rating and a $30.00 price target for the company. In related news, Director John Duncan Higgons acquired 6,700 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $16.00 per share, for a total transaction of $107,200.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 27,025 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $432,400. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Celgene Switzerland Llc acquired 625,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was bought at an average price of $16.00 per share, with a total value of $10,000,000.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Jounce Therapeutics (NASDAQ:JNCE) opened at 22.43 on Tuesday. The firm’s market capitalization is $54.37 million. Jounce Therapeutics has a one year low of $16.33 and a one year high of $26.31. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $20.49 and its 200-day moving average is $20.49. Jounce Therapeutics (NASDAQ:JNCE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, March 10th. The company reported $0.05 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.04 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $20.30 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15 million. The company’s quarterly revenue was up NaN% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Jounce Therapeutics will post ($0.76) EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: About Jounce Therapeutics Jounce Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company. The Company is engaged in developing therapies that enable the immune system to attack tumors. Through the use of its Translational Science Platform, the Company first focuses on specific cell types within tumors to prioritize targets, and then identify related biomarkers designed to match the right therapy to the right patient. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Jounce Therapeutics (JNCE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Restaurant Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Restaurant Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Bonds Drop 1.5% During Trading FY2017 EPS Estimates for TESARO Inc Cut by Wedbush (TSRO) Valeura Energy Inc Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (VLE) New York State Teachers Retirement System Buys 200 Shares of Career Education Corp. (CECO) GoPro Inc (GPRO) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Citigroup Inc Guess?, Inc. (GES) Price Target Lowered to $12.00 at Telsey Advisory Group Quantum Capital Management Maintains Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) 25,815 Shares in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Acquired by Cpcm LLC Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC Lowers Stake in Celgene Co. (CELG) New York State Teachers Retirement System Increases Stake in KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Cintas Co. (CTAS) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Sunshine Bancorp Inc (SBCP) Coverage Initiated at Sandler O’Neill Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Has $295,000 Position in Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Employees Retirement System of Texas Has $33,731,000 Position in Visa Inc (V) Azimuth Capital Management LLC Decreases Stake in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Ally Financial Inc. Maintains Stake in McDonald's Co. (MCD) Vetr Inc. Downgrades Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) to Buy Vetr Inc. Upgrades Momo Inc (MOMO) to Buy Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Restaurant Group PLC (LON:RTN) had its target price raised by HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 265 ($3.27) to GBX 300 ($3.71) in a report published on Wednesday. HSBC Holdings plc currently has a reduce rating on the stock. A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on RTN. Barclays PLC restated an equal weight rating and set a GBX 400 ($4.94) target price (up from GBX 390 ($4.82)) on shares of Restaurant Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Citigroup Inc lifted their price objective on shares of Restaurant Group PLC from GBX 345 ($4.26) to GBX 425 ($5.25) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 430 ($5.31) price objective on shares of Restaurant Group PLC in a report on Thursday, March 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price objective on shares of Restaurant Group PLC from GBX 330 ($4.08) to GBX 340 ($4.20) and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Panmure Gordon lifted their price objective on shares of Restaurant Group PLC from GBX 310 ($3.83) to GBX 340 ($4.20) and gave the company a hold rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 382.31 ($4.72). Restaurant Group PLC (LON:RTN) opened at 360.00 on Wednesday. Restaurant Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 229.85 and a one year high of GBX 437.50. The company’s market cap is GBX 721.30 million. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 324.92 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 348.56. Your IP Address: The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 7th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a dividend of GBX 10.60 ($0.13) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 15th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.86%. This is a boost from Restaurant Group PLC’s previous dividend of $6.80. Restaurant Group PLC Company Profile The Restaurant Group plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which operates over 500 restaurants and pub restaurants. The Company operates through operating restaurants segment. Its portfolio covers a range of categories, including table service, counter service, sandwich shops, pubs and bars. The Company’s principal trading brands include Frankie & Benny’s, Chiquito and Coast to Coast. Receive News & Ratings for Restaurant Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Restaurant Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Echelon Financial Holdings Inc (EFH) Insider Acquires C$32,670.00 in Stock Colin R. Mahoney Sells 14,020 Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Stock Desmond Griffin Sells 948,000 Shares of Glance Technologies Inc (GET) Stock NAHL Group PLC (NAH) Raises Dividend to GBX 12.70 Per Share Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) Major Shareholder Mark J. Levin Sells 30,000 Shares Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) SVP Jeffrey D. Ansell Sells 7,674 Shares CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Insider Venkatesh S. Durvasula Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Bank of Montreal (BMO) Insider Gilles Gerard Ouellette Sells 38,412 Shares of Stock Incyte Co. (INCY) Director Paul A. Friedman Sells 50,000 Shares of Stock The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) President David L. Felsenthal Sells 32,000 Shares Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Major Shareholder Jill Foss Watson Sells 20,878 Shares of Stock NCR Co. (NCR) Major Shareholder Holdings L.P. Blackstone III Sells 3,002,753 Shares of Stock Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Director Frank R. Martire Sells 305,500 Shares of Stock International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Major Shareholder Winder Investment Pte Ltd Buys 100,000 Shares of Stock Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) CEO Mary Dillon Sells 33,955 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Williams Capital Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Mizuho Carnival Corp (CCL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Greif, Inc. (GEF) Price Target Increased to $53.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Prudential plc (LON:PRU) had its price objective hoisted by analysts at Canaccord Genuity from GBX 1,700 ($21.00) to GBX 1,900 ($23.47) in a research report issued on Friday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Canaccord Genuity’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 7.44% from the stock’s previous close. Several other brokerages also recently commented on PRU. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Prudential plc to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from GBX 1,450 ($17.91) to GBX 1,705 ($21.06) in a research report on Friday. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price objective on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,500 ($18.53) to GBX 1,600 ($19.76) and gave the company a “sector performer” rating in a research report on Friday. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 2,095 ($25.87) price objective on shares of Prudential plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “conviction-buy” rating and set a GBX 1,775 ($21.92) price objective on shares of Prudential plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 2,000 ($24.70) price objective (up from GBX 1,775 ($21.92)) on shares of Prudential plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Prudential plc currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,753.37 ($21.65). Prudential plc (LON:PRU) opened at 1768.50 on Friday. Prudential plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,096.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,801.50. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 45.36 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,631.54 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,522.44. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be issued a GBX 30.57 ($0.38) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.78%. This is an increase from Prudential plc’s previous dividend of $12.93. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. Your IP Address: Prudential plc Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J Sainsbury plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Trading Down 9% Following Weak Earnings Traders Buy Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) on Weakness After Analyst Downgrade First Trust Intrmdt Drtn Prfrd & Incm Fd (FPF) Plans $0.16 Monthly Dividend Kelt Exploration Ltd (KEL) Insider Sadiq Lalani Acquires 3,029 Shares J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities March 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by equities researchers at Beaufort Securities in a report released on Friday. A number of other research firms have also commented on SBRY. BNP Paribas reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 255 ($3.15) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 260 ($3.21) price objective on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.47) price objective on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research report on Friday. Finally, AlphaValue reiterated an “add” rating and issued a GBX 295 ($3.64) price objective on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 253.93 ($3.14). Shares of J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) opened at 274.30 on Friday. The company’s market cap is GBX 5.36 billion. J Sainsbury plc has a 12 month low of GBX 211.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 294.40. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 265.58 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 250.54. Your IP Address: J Sainsbury plc Company Profile J Sainsbury plc is engaged in grocery-related retailing and retail banking. The Company’s segments include Retailing; Financial services, and Property investments. The Retailing segment is engaged in the operation of supermarkets and convenience. The Financial services segment includes the operations of Sainsbury’s Bank plc (Sainsbury’s Bank). Receive News & Ratings for J Sainsbury plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Prudential plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts AT&T Inc. (T) Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CAO Der Colff Rasmus Van Sells 2,172 Shares Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CFO Barry J. Plaga Sells 27,285 Shares Oasis Management Co Ltd. Purchases 6,066 Shares of Stratus Properties Inc (STRS) Stock Insider Selling: Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CFO Sells 8,884 Shares of Stock Stratus Properties Inc (STRS) Major Shareholder Acquires $54,000.00 in Stock Hessam Nadji Sells 13,500 Shares of Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Stock Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) CFO Edgar Luce Sells 4,811 Shares Insider Buying: MYnd Analytics Inc (MYAN) Major Shareholder Buys 160,000 Shares of Stock Scotiabank Reaffirms Hold Rating for Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Given Buy Rating at BMO Capital Markets Randall Nickolas Bruc Hnatuik Purchases 880 Shares of Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) Stock International Stem Cell Corp (ISCO) CEO Andrey Semechkin Purchases 10,000 Shares Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) CFO Sells $35,184.80 in Stock Investors Sell Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) on Strength Following Insider Selling Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Capita PLC (CPI) Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) CEO Sells $47,803.21 in Stock NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) CEO Sells $83,160.00 in Stock Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Prudential plc (LON:PRU) in a research report report published on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 2,000 ($24.70) price objective on the stock, up from their previous price objective of GBX 1,775 ($21.92). Several other research firms have also recently commented on PRU. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price target on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,437 ($17.75) to GBX 1,469 ($18.14) and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an underweight rating and set a GBX 1,450 ($17.91) price target on shares of Prudential plc in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Barclays PLC set a GBX 1,748 ($21.59) price target on shares of Prudential plc and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, November 18th. HSBC Holdings plc set a GBX 1,890 ($23.34) price target on shares of Prudential plc and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, S&P Global set a GBX 1,800 ($22.23) price target on shares of Prudential plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 1,753.37 ($21.65). Shares of Prudential plc (LON:PRU) opened at 1768.50 on Wednesday. The company’s market cap is GBX 45.36 billion. Prudential plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,096.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,801.50. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,631.54 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 1,522.44. Your IP Address: The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be given a GBX 30.57 ($0.38) dividend. This is an increase from Prudential plc’s previous dividend of $12.93. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 30th. This represents a yield of 1.78%. About Prudential plc Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Next » aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing aTyr Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts AT&T Inc. (T) Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CAO Der Colff Rasmus Van Sells 2,172 Shares Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CFO Barry J. Plaga Sells 27,285 Shares Oasis Management Co Ltd. Purchases 6,066 Shares of Stratus Properties Inc (STRS) Stock Insider Selling: Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CFO Sells 8,884 Shares of Stock Stratus Properties Inc (STRS) Major Shareholder Acquires $54,000.00 in Stock Hessam Nadji Sells 13,500 Shares of Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Stock Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) CFO Edgar Luce Sells 4,811 Shares Insider Buying: MYnd Analytics Inc (MYAN) Major Shareholder Buys 160,000 Shares of Stock Scotiabank Reaffirms Hold Rating for Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Given Buy Rating at BMO Capital Markets Randall Nickolas Bruc Hnatuik Purchases 880 Shares of Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) Stock International Stem Cell Corp (ISCO) CEO Andrey Semechkin Purchases 10,000 Shares Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) CFO Sells $35,184.80 in Stock Investors Sell Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) on Strength Following Insider Selling Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Capita PLC (CPI) Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) CEO Sells $47,803.21 in Stock NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) CEO Sells $83,160.00 in Stock aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet aTyr Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:LIFE) – Analysts at William Blair issued their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of aTyr Pharma in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. William Blair analyst Y. Xu anticipates that the firm will earn ($0.49) per share for the quarter. William Blair also issued estimates for aTyr Pharma’s Q2 2017 earnings at ($0.50) EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at ($0.55) EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at ($0.63) EPS and FY2019 earnings at ($3.96) EPS. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on LIFE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of aTyr Pharma from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $2.85 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “market perform” rating and set a $4.00 price objective (down previously from $8.00) on shares of aTyr Pharma in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of aTyr Pharma from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised their price objective on shares of aTyr Pharma from $3.00 to $4.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, aTyr Pharma has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $3.71. Your IP Address: aTyr Pharma (NASDAQ:LIFE) opened at 3.70 on Monday. aTyr Pharma has a 12 month low of $2.10 and a 12 month high of $6.01. The company’s 50-day moving average is $3.46 and its 200 day moving average is $3.07. The firm’s market cap is $87.76 million. In other aTyr Pharma news, Director Paul Schimmel acquired 25,000 shares of aTyr Pharma stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 21st. The stock was bought at an average price of $2.28 per share, for a total transaction of $57,000.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 40,440 shares in the company, valued at approximately $92,203.20. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Company insiders own 28.90% of the company’s stock. An institutional investor recently bought a new position in aTyr Pharma stock. EcoR1 Capital LLC bought a new stake in aTyr Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:LIFE) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 976,986 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,101,000. aTyr Pharma accounts for about 0.7% of EcoR1 Capital LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 20th largest position. EcoR1 Capital LLC owned approximately 4.12% of aTyr Pharma as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Institutional investors own 44.84% of the company’s stock. aTyr Pharma Company Profile aTyr Pharma, Inc is a clinical-stage biotherapeutics company. The Company is engaged in the discovery and clinical development of medicines for patients suffering from severe, rare diseases using its Physiocrine biology, a discovered set of physiological modulators. The Company focuses on the development of Physiocrine-based therapeutics for the treatment of rare diseases, including facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD) and limb-girdle muscular dystrophy (LGMD) 2B. Receive News & Ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Next » Chardan Capital Reiterates $10.00 Price Target for Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing WisdomTree Investments Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WisdomTree Investments Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Halma plc (HLMA) Earns “Sell” Rating from Liberum Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers Sothebys (BID) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Black Hills Corp (BKH) to Sell Speedy Hire Plc (SDY) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Hoedt Rob Ten Sells 50,757 Shares of Medtronic plc. (MDT) Stock Balfour Beatty plc’s (BBY) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Abcam Plc’s (ABC) “Sell” Rating Reiterated at Panmure Gordon Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Telia Company Ab (TLSNY) to Hold Imperial Capital Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Callaway Golf Co (ELY) Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) PT Raised to GBX 840 Eni SpA (E) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Given $18.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Kyocera Corp (KYO) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Director Sells $5,000,113.80 in Stock Insider Selling: Incyte Co. (INCY) Director Sells $7,436,000.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) CEO Sells $9,712,827.75 in Stock Shanta Gold Limited (SHG) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap PFSweb, Inc. (PFSW) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Canadian Pacific Railway Limited to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.84 Per Share, Seaport Global Securities Forecasts (CP) WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) PT Raised to $8.00 Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (NASDAQ:WETF) had its price objective hoisted by Goldman Sachs Group Inc from $7.00 to $8.00 in a research report released on Wednesday morning. Goldman Sachs Group Inc currently has a sell rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts also recently commented on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an outperform rating on shares of WisdomTree Investments in a report on Saturday, December 10th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $12.00 price target on WisdomTree Investments and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. Bank of America Corp downgraded WisdomTree Investments from a neutral rating to an underperform rating and set a $10.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded WisdomTree Investments from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reiterated an underweight rating and set a $8.00 price target on shares of WisdomTree Investments in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $10.63. Shares of WisdomTree Investments (NASDAQ:WETF) opened at 8.96 on Wednesday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $9.23 and a 200-day moving average of $10.19. WisdomTree Investments has a 12-month low of $8.00 and a 12-month high of $13.32. The firm has a market cap of $1.20 billion, a PE ratio of 47.16 and a beta of 3.25. WisdomTree Investments (NASDAQ:WETF) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 3rd. The company reported $0.03 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.06 by $0.03. WisdomTree Investments had a net margin of 11.92% and a return on equity of 13.61%. The company had revenue of $50.80 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $50.85 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.15 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 33.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that WisdomTree Investments will post $0.23 EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th were paid a $0.08 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 13th. This represents a $0.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.57%. WisdomTree Investments’s payout ratio is 160.00%. In related news, CEO Jonathan L. Steinberg acquired 97,971 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $9.14 per share, for a total transaction of $895,454.94. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Company insiders own 16.10% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in WisdomTree Investments by 0.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,056,715 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,874,000 after buying an additional 5,387 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in WisdomTree Investments by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 726,232 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,473,000 after buying an additional 5,309 shares in the last quarter. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co boosted its stake in WisdomTree Investments by 0.4% in the third quarter. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co now owns 244,879 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,520,000 after buying an additional 1,056 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in WisdomTree Investments during the fourth quarter worth approximately $3,713,000. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in WisdomTree Investments by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 4,132,155 shares of the company’s stock worth $46,032,000 after buying an additional 168,606 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 96.38% of the company’s stock. WisdomTree Investments Company Profile WisdomTree Investments, Inc is an asset management company that focuses on exchange-traded funds (ETFs). The Company’s family of ETFs includes fundamentally weighted funds that track its own indexes, funds that track third party indexes and actively managed funds. The Company operates through exchange traded products (ETP) sponsor and asset manager providing investment advisory services segment. Receive News & Ratings for WisdomTree Investments Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WisdomTree Investments Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous DBV Technologies SA – (DBVT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Leerink Swann Next » Scholastic Corp (SCHL) to Release Earnings on Thursday Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Citigroup Inc reissued their buy rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The brokerage currently has a GBX 300 ($3.71) price target on the stock. Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 606 ($7.48) price objective on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA to a buy rating and raised their price objective for the stock from GBX 490 ($6.05) to GBX 580 ($7.16) in a report on Friday, January 27th. Liberum Capital restated an under review rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Monday, December 12th. Numis Securities Ltd restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 236 ($2.91) price objective on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an underweight rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.09) price objective on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Monday, January 9th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 458.84 ($5.67). International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) opened at 565.00 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 521.18 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 454.65. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a 12-month low of GBX 281.73 and a 12-month high of GBX 576.84. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 11.98 billion. Your IP Address: International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Company Profile International Consolidated Airlines Group SA (IAG) is an airline company holding interests in airline and ancillary operations. The Company’s segments include British Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and Other Group companies. British Airways is an international airline and carrier. Iberia is an airline between Europe and Latin America. Receive News & Ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Next » Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists   Business (View all) Banking Economics International London Insurance M&A The Capitalist Politics Scottish Development International Talk CFA Institute Talk IDA Ireland Talk Industries (View all) Law & professional services Property Retail and leisure Marketing and advertising Pharmaceuticals Telecoms Media Transport and infrastructure Industrials Markets (View all) Currencies Cryptocurrencies Commodities Equities Bonds IPOs and fundraising Investment Challenge Technology (View all) Science Gadget reviews Cyber security Fintech Leadership (View all) Entrepreneurs Management Millennials Careers Women Life & Style (View all) Travel Watches Fashion Food Homes and interiors Cars Culture Money (View all) Investing Pensions Crowdfunding Alt-fi Personal banking and insurance ISAS Schroders Talk Sport (View all) Football Rugby Union Formula 1 Cricket The Punter Tennis Golf Sports money Lists (View all) Digital Innovators Rio 50 Power 100 Women Leap 100 Most viewed authors Caitlin Morrison (28,432 views) Helen Cahill (10,867 views) Rebecca Smith (5,529 views) City A.M. links Newsletters Latest paper Advertising Awards Wine Club Money Transfer Charity About Careers Tickets Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk Home Business Politics FTSE 250 18928.53 +0.51% FTSE 100 7312.93 -0.16% Bats UK 100 12390.69 -0.18% Home Business Politics Tuesday 21 March 2017 6:00am Article 50: It's time to embrace European stocks and the pound Share Carolin Roth Carolin Roth is anchor on CNBC’s Street Signs Europe. Follow Carolin Related City Talk Schroders Talk Investor relief at Dutch election blow to populists: what next? Jumping into the shark-infested political risk waters could well pay off (Source: Getty) Carolin Roth For investors the concepts of political risk and Europe are inseparable this year. It is safe to assume that no other factor (apart from President Donald Trump’s morning tweets) will dominate news flow as much as the amalgamation of the Dutch, French and German elections this year, with the icing on the cake being the start of Brexit negotiations between the UK and the EU after the British government triggers Article 50 next week. The Dutch election last week saw an incumbent win against a populist candidate, and the euro subsequently rose to a five-week high against the dollar. But analysts warn the “big one” is still to come – that’s the French elections in April. Read more: Lame duck or eurosceptic: France is in trouble whoever wins the presidency What does all this mean for investors? I’d say it’s time to jump right into the cold and shark-infested political waters of Europe. They say you should expect the unexpected. But when it comes to investing, it might also pay to do the unexpected in light of political risk. The conventional trade might be to shun European assets. But what we hear repeatedly from analysts on CNBC is: staying invested in risky assets such as equities is better than just staying in cash. Why? The simple reason is the fundamentally bullish backdrop in global equity markets, based on improving data and expectations of market friendly policies under President Trump. Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management, told CNBC that “caution is understandable, given Europe’s track record of under-performing other developed markets. But investors should also recognise that a more reflationary global environment will benefit European companies more than most. Absent a major political disruption, we would expect these positive fundamentals to assert themselves in European equity markets over the course of 2017.” Added to that is a compelling valuation gap between US and European stocks. “Valuations for European equities are appealing, with a forward price to earnings ratio of 14.3x for European equities compared with 21.7x for the S&P 500,” according to Julian Howard, head of multi asset solutions at GAM. Read more: Wary of political risk, are investor fears of a Le Pen victory overblown? It might also be worth going against the trend when it comes to currencies. Last week, currency investors built up the highest bearish positions in pound sterling in 16 weeks. This came as the Brexit Bill passed Parliament, paving the way for Prime Minister Theresa May to trigger Article 50, and Nicola Sturgeon, the first minister of Scotland, demanded a second referendum on Scotland’s membership in the UK. While the consensus trade might be to add to your short sterling positions, Peter Rosenstreich, head of market strategy at Swissquote Bank, said he is looking at the other side of this trade. “In our view the event of Theresa May triggering Article 50 will have a limited effect on sterling,” he told CNBC last week. “First the immediate devaluation of the sterling post Brexit referendum provides protection for further downside. Second, the markets are now completely aware regarding the reality of Brexit and no longer spooked by the prospect of even a ‘hard’ separation. Finally, the resilience, no the strengthening of the UK economy has us considering long sterling as the best long-term currency trade of 2017.” Read more: Spring Budget: The OBR is still too pessimistic about UK growth this year Equally, a consensus trade has been to bet for the euro-dollar pair to hit parity thanks to political risk. Those fears may be overdone. Jane Foley, head of FX strategy at Rabobank, believes that although the euro might dip a little as we head into the French elections, “opinion polls have consistently implied that the far-right’s Le Pen will lose the second round of this election by a large margin. Confirmation of this is likely to result in further short-covering in the euro. Based on the assumption that Le Pen loses the run off, we maintain our forecast of euro-dollar at $1.10 by year end.” Whatever you do, without a European political crystal ball in front of you – the best trade may not be the obvious one. City A.M.'s opinion pages are a place for thought-provoking views and debate. These views are not necessarily shared by City A.M. Share * Terms and conditions Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Tags Brexit Donald Trump Nicola Sturgeon Theresa May Topics A-Z Related articles Brexit begins: Theresa May will trigger Article 50 on 29 March Caitlin Morrison | Staff Firms face legal chaos post-Brexit, House of Lords warns Hayley Kirton | Staff First stop, Swansea - May embarks on UK tour to galvanise Brexit support Mark Sands | Staff Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up About  |  Advertising  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Sitemap  |  Latest paper Copyright © 2017 City A.M. Limited
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Vectura Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts AT&T Inc. (T) Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CAO Der Colff Rasmus Van Sells 2,172 Shares Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CFO Barry J. Plaga Sells 27,285 Shares Oasis Management Co Ltd. Purchases 6,066 Shares of Stratus Properties Inc (STRS) Stock Insider Selling: Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) CFO Sells 8,884 Shares of Stock Stratus Properties Inc (STRS) Major Shareholder Acquires $54,000.00 in Stock Hessam Nadji Sells 13,500 Shares of Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Stock Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) CFO Edgar Luce Sells 4,811 Shares Insider Buying: MYnd Analytics Inc (MYAN) Major Shareholder Buys 160,000 Shares of Stock Scotiabank Reaffirms Hold Rating for Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Given Buy Rating at BMO Capital Markets Randall Nickolas Bruc Hnatuik Purchases 880 Shares of Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) Stock International Stem Cell Corp (ISCO) CEO Andrey Semechkin Purchases 10,000 Shares Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) CFO Sells $35,184.80 in Stock Investors Sell Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) on Strength Following Insider Selling Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Capita PLC (CPI) Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) CEO Sells $47,803.21 in Stock NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) CEO Sells $83,160.00 in Stock Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by investment analysts at Numis Securities Ltd in a research report issued on Friday. They currently have a GBX 225 ($2.78) price objective on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 42.95% from the stock’s previous close. VEC has been the topic of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. N+1 Singer cut their target price on Vectura Group PLC from GBX 208 ($2.57) to GBX 202 ($2.49) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Peel Hunt reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 200 ($2.47) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.78) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, FinnCap reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.78) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, Vectura Group PLC presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 220.29 ($2.72). Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC) opened at 157.40 on Friday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 904.58 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 144.08 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 139.84. Vectura Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 122.90 and a 52 week high of GBX 179.00. Your IP Address: Vectura Group PLC Company Profile Vectura Group plc is engaged in research, development and commercialization of therapeutic products and drug delivery systems for human use. The Company’s products include Ultibro Breezhaler (European Union (EU) and Rest of World (RoW)) – LABA-LAMA; Seebri Breezhaler (EU and RoW) – LAMA; AirFluSal Forspiro (EU and RoW) – ICS-LABA; ADVATE (Global) – Antihaemophilic Factor (Recombinant); Adept (Global) – Icodextrin; Anoro Ellipta (Global) – LAMA-LABA; Relvar Ellipta/Breo Ellipta (Global) – ICS-LABA, and Incruse Ellipta (Global) – LAMA. Receive News & Ratings for Vectura Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €14.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Next » E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €7.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Koninklijke DSM - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Koninklijke DSM with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Stake in GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Raises Stake in Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) State Street Corp Purchases 4,778 Shares of Cimpress NV (CMPR) State Street Corp Raises Position in Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Position Increased by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Purchases 1,370 Shares of Ebix Inc (EBIX) Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Position Raised by Comerica Bank Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corindus Vascular Robotics Inc (CVRS) Issued By B. Riley Lonmin Plc (LMI) Given New GBX 150 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Aviva plc (AV) PT Raised to GBX 589 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comerica Bank Has $1,393,000 Stake in Halyard Health Inc (HYH) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 461,486 Harmonic Inc (HLIT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 125,763 Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Stephen Sadler Sells 26,500 Shares of Enghouse Systems Limited (ENGH) Stock Brokerages Set Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) PT at $3,348.30 Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Koninklijke DSM (OTCMKTS:RDSMY) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. According to Zacks, “DSM N V ADR is involved in the Chemicals Industry. Their main focus is on base materials, performance materials, materials processing, base chemicals and fine chemicals and coating resins. They are also involved in the exploration and development of oil and natural gas deposits in the North Sea, as well as the licensing of chemical technology and know-how; in addition the company produces ingredients for bakery products. DSM is a world market leader in a number of products, including caprolactam, melamine and EPDM synthetic rubber. “ Several other brokerages have also issued reports on RDSMY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Koninklijke DSM from an underweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Barclays PLC raised Koninklijke DSM from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Shares of Koninklijke DSM (OTCMKTS:RDSMY) opened at 16.81 on Thursday. Koninklijke DSM has a 1-year low of $13.37 and a 1-year high of $17.88. The firm has a market cap of $11.77 billion, a PE ratio of 18.16 and a beta of 1.31. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $16.37 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.00. Your IP Address: Koninklijke DSM Company Profile Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM) is a global science-based company, engaged in offering health, nutrition and materials. The Company’s segments include Nutrition, Performance Materials, Innovation Center and Corporate Activities. Its Nutrition segment includes DSM Nutritional Products and DSM Food Specialties. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Koninklijke DSM Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Koninklijke DSM and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Investing Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Why it's not time to shun European assets Carolin Roth | @CarolinCNBC Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 2:39 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Alex Kraus | Bloomberg | Getty Images For investors the concepts of political risk and Europe are inseparable this year. It is safe to assume that no other factor (apart from President Donald Trump's morning tweets) will dominate news flow as much as the amalgamation of Dutch, French and German elections this year, with the icing on the cakes being the start of Brexit negotiations between the U.K. and the EU. The Dutch election last week has seen an incumbent win against a populist candidate. The euro has risen to a five-week high against the dollar. But analysts warn the "big one" is still to come – that's the French elections in April. What does it mean for investors? I'd say it's time to jump right into the cold and shark-infested political waters of Europe. They say you should expect the unexpected. But when it comes to investing, it might also pay off doing the unexpected in light of political risk. The conventional trade might be to shun European assets. But what we hear repeatedly from analysts on CNBC is: Staying invested in risky assets such as equities is better than just staying in cash. Why? The simple reason is the fundamentally bullish backdrop in global equity markets, based on improving data and expectations of market friendly policies under President Trump. show chapters Options Action: Bearish bet on European stocks    Monday, 6 Mar 2017 | 5:54 PM ET | 02:38 Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management, told CNBC that "caution is understandable, given Europe's track record of under-performing other developed markets. But investors should also recognize that a more reflationary global environment will benefit European companies more than most. Absent a major political disruption, we would expect these positive fundamentals to assert themselves in European equity markets over the course of 2017." Added to that is a compelling valuation gap between U.S. and European stocks. "Valuations for European equities are appealing, with a forward price to earnings ratio of 14.3x for European equities compared with 21.7x for the S&P 500," according to Julian Howard, head of multi asset solutions at GAM. It might also be worth going against the trend when it comes to currencies. Last week, currency investors built up the highest bearish positions in pound sterling in 16 weeks. This came as the Brexit Bill passed in parliament, paving the way for Prime Minister Theresa May to trigger Article 50 before the end of March and Nicola Sturgeon, the first minister of Scotland, demanded a second referendum on Scotland's membership in the U.K. While the consensus trade might be to add to your short sterling positions, Peter Rosenstreich, head of market strategy at Swissquote Bank, said he is looking at the other side of this trade. "In our view the event of Theresa May triggering Article 50 will have a limited effect on GBP," he told CNBC last week. "First the immediate devaluation of the sterling post Brexit referendum provides protection for further downside. Second, the markets are now completely aware regarding the reality of Brexit and no longer spooked by the prospect of even a "hard" separation. Finally, the resilience, no the strengthening of the U.K. economy has us considering long sterling as the best long term currency trade of 2017." Equally, a consensus trade has been to bet for the euro/dollar pair to hit parity thanks to political risk. Those fears may be overdone. Jane Foley, Head of FX Strategy of Rabobank, believes that while the euro might dip a little as we head into the French elections, "opinion polls have consistently implied that the far-right's Le Pen will lose the second round of this election by a large margin. Confirmation of this is likely to result in further short-covering in the EUR. Based on the assumption that Le Pen loses the run off, we maintain our forecast of EUR/USD at 1.10 by year end." Whatever you do, without a European political crystal ball in front of you – the best trade may not be the obvious one. Carolin Roth is based in London and is an anchor for Street Signs as well as covering the Swiss market for CNBC. You can follow Carolin on Twitter @CarolinCNBC. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Carolin RothAnchor, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change EUR/USD --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inditex SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inditex SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates S&P Global Analysts Give Inditex SA (ITX) a €35.00 Price Target March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet S&P Global set a €35.00 ($37.63) price objective on Inditex SA (BME:ITX) in a report issued on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on ITX. BNP Paribas set a €36.00 ($38.71) price objective on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €36.00 ($38.71) price objective on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €37.00 ($39.78) price objective on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, December 9th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €35.00 ($37.63) price objective on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €37.20 ($40.00) price objective on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of €36.85 ($39.62). Your IP Address: Inditex SA Company Profile Industria de Diseno Textil SA, known as Inditex SA, is a Spain-based company primarily engaged in the textile industry. The Company’s activities include the design, confection, manufacturing, distribution and retail of men, women and children apparel, footwear and fashion accessories, as well as home furnishings and household textile products. Receive News & Ratings for Inditex SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inditex SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inditex SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inditex SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Stake in GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Raises Stake in Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) State Street Corp Purchases 4,778 Shares of Cimpress NV (CMPR) State Street Corp Raises Position in Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Position Increased by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Purchases 1,370 Shares of Ebix Inc (EBIX) Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Position Raised by Comerica Bank Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corindus Vascular Robotics Inc (CVRS) Issued By B. Riley Lonmin Plc (LMI) Given New GBX 150 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Aviva plc (AV) PT Raised to GBX 589 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comerica Bank Has $1,393,000 Stake in Halyard Health Inc (HYH) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 461,486 Harmonic Inc (HLIT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 125,763 Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Stephen Sadler Sells 26,500 Shares of Enghouse Systems Limited (ENGH) Stock Brokerages Set Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) PT at $3,348.30 Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Inditex SA (ITX) PT Set at €35.00 by Deutsche Bank AG March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Inditex SA (BME:ITX) has been given a €35.00 ($37.63) price target by research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. ITX has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €36.00 ($38.71) price target on Inditex SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, November 25th. Morgan Stanley set a €29.50 ($31.72) price target on Inditex SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €37.00 ($39.78) price target on Inditex SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. BNP Paribas set a €36.00 ($38.71) price target on Inditex SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €37.20 ($40.00) price target on Inditex SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Inditex SA presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of €36.85 ($39.62). Your IP Address: About Inditex SA Industria de Diseno Textil SA, known as Inditex SA, is a Spain-based company primarily engaged in the textile industry. The Company’s activities include the design, confection, manufacturing, distribution and retail of men, women and children apparel, footwear and fashion accessories, as well as home furnishings and household textile products. Receive News & Ratings for Inditex SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inditex SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ALL SECTIONS Thursday March 23, 2017 HIDE NEWS TOP STORIES NATIONAL WORLD NEWS PINOY ABROAD FEATURES OPINION EDITORIAL COLUMNS SOUNDBYTES LGUs NCR LUZON VIZAYAS MINDANAO BUSINESS CORPORATE ECONOMY & TRADE STOCKS MONEY AGRI & MINING POWER & TECH BIZ PLUS COLUMNS SPORTS BASKETBALL VOLLEYBALL FIGHTSPORTS ACTIVE SPORTS PLUS STUFFS COLUMNS ENTERTAINMENT TV & MOVIES CELEBRITY PROFILES MUSIC & CONCERTS DIGITAL MEDIA COLUMNS LIFESTYLE FOOD CULTURE & MEDIA FASHION HEALTH AND HOME LEISURE SHOPPING COLUMNS POP.LIFE NEWSMAKERS HANGOUTS A-POP POST ITS PERFORMANCES MALLS & BAZAARS HOBBIES & COLLECTIONS TECHNOLOGY GADGETS COMPUTERS BUSINESS TECH PLUS WHEELS & MORE SEDAN SUV TRUCK BIKE ACCESSORIES MOTORING PLUS COMMUTER'S CORNER HOME & DESIGN RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION INTERIOR SPOTLIGHT GALLERY PHOTOS VIDEOS EVENTS SEMINARS EXHIBITS COMMUNITY ADVERTISE WITH US The Standard NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS Advertise With Us ALL SECTIONS Thursday March 23, 2017 Advertisement Home   /   NEWS   /   WORLD NEWS David Rockefeller, last grandchild of John D. Rockefeller, dies posted March 21, 2017 at 01:38 pm by  AFP Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and a luminary in political circles, died Monday at the age of 101, a spokesman said. He died in his sleep due to congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, just north of New York City, spokesman Fraser Seitel said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, Forbes magazine ranked  David Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires released Monday, estimating his fortune of $3.3 billion. He led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s, and his accomplishments included opening the first Moscow offices of an American bank and the first in mainland China after President Richard Nixon's 1972 visit there. He also oversaw the growth of Chase Manhattan's operations in the Middle East, Latin America and Japan, Seitel said. Rockefeller also was well known in political circles in the United States and overseas, where he encountered heads of states from close to 100 countries and was known as an outspoken champion of American capitalism. He was offered the post of Treasury secretary by presidents Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon, but turned both men down, the New York Times reported. Rockefeller famously helped persuade then-president Carter to allow the shah of Iran into the United States for cancer treatment in 1979. The move was widely seen as spurring the Iranian revolution led by the Islamic fundamentalist Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. - Family tradition of philanthropy - Born in 1915, Rockefeller grew up in a mansion in Manhattan and attended Harvard College and then the University of Chicago, where he received a Ph.D. in Economics.  He enlisted in the Army and served during World War II in North Africa and Southwestern France. The French government awarded him the Legion of Honor with the rank of Chevalier in 1945. Rockefeller joined Chase National Bank in 1946 as an assistant manager in the foreign department before subsequently overseeing the bank's business in Latin America. He became co-chief executive in 1961 and later sole chief executive before retiring in 1981.  Rockefeller, along with brother Nelson, who was governor of New York state and later vice president under Gerald Ford, helped lead the development of the World Trade Center in the 1960s and 1970s in lower Manhattan.  The Twin Towers were dubbed in the press "David" and "Nelson." The move continued a family tradition that had included the family's efforts to spur the building of Rockefeller Center during the Great Depression. Among his other most important civic roles, Rockefeller served as chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations and executive committee chair of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother founded.  Rockefeller Foundation President Rajiv Shah said in a statement "the world has lost a great man and philanthropist." Former president George H.W. Bush praised Rockefeller as "one of the most generous philanthropists" whose "keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable advisor to Presidents of both parties -- yours truly certainly included." Former president Bill Clinton hailed Rockefeller as "a consummate businessman, a great humanitarian, and a serious scholar." Rockefeller's grandfather was one of the original American "robber baron" tycoons of the 19th and early 20th centuries, employing brass-knuckles business tactics to build his oil empire before the US Supreme Court ruled in 1911 that his Standard Oil company should be broken up.  Today's oil giants, including ExxonMobil and Chevron, are descendants of Standard Oil. Ironically, Rockefeller philanthropic organizations have strongly supported action on climate change policy, putting them at odds with oil companies like ExxonMobil. They also provide financing to research and journalism groups that accused the oil giant of knowingly supporting propaganda questioning the science of climate change. The Rockefeller family has been active in philanthropy since patriarch John D. Rockefeller, who funded medical research and higher education programs. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller University and Harvard are each expected to receive some $100 million upon the death of David Rockefeller, according to the magazine Inside Philanthropy. Topics: US , politics , banking , Rockefeller Related stories: 'Mar killed pre-need industry' Gina made a mess — Rody US envoy snubs Du30, airs concerns More from this Category: A dystopian view of Trump’s America Duterte to groups seeking Robredo's ouster: Stop it! Mercury spill prompts class suspension at Manila Science High School COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement LATEST NEWS TRENDING Megaworld raises P12b in bond sale  0 |  7 mins ago Coke wants 6 months to convert facilities  0 |  16 mins ago 7 arrested after deadly attack in Westminster  0 |  21 mins ago Bloomberry posts P2.32-b net income  0 |  24 mins ago A dystopian view of Trump’s America  0 |  35 mins ago Pia Wurtzbach inspires Southeast Asian women to #neverfade  0 |  52 mins ago International “it” girls 2017  0 |  1 hour ago Shang toasts partners  0 |  1 hour ago Mall lifestyle in Boracay  0 |  1 hour ago Chocolates in chic box  0 |  1 hour ago More On Latest News TOP STORIESRody: Leni an enemy Digital karma for Leni?  0 |  2 days ago DFA urges Robredo to check facts  0 |  21 hours ago Aquino cheerleader picks on wrong Digong  0 |  4 days ago An ugly legacy  0 |  1 day ago Robredo: An enemy of the people  0 |  1 day ago ‘Impeach-Leni’ gaining  0 |  3 days ago Duterte seeks to affirm Asean ‘code of conduct’  0 |  1 day ago Solons: Abaya liable for plunder  0 |  21 hours ago Pressure on Leni mounts  0 |  1 day ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard 6th Floor Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 manilastandard.net. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Givaudan Sa - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Givaudan Sa with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Comcast Co. (CMCSA) EVP Sells $264,275.91 in Stock Insider Selling: Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Director Sells 50,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Realty Income Corp (O) CEO Sells 28,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: CVS Health Corp (CVS) EVP Sells 23,849 Shares of Stock Realty Income Corp (O) CFO Paul M. Meurer Sells 16,500 Shares Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) EVP Sells $3,165,306.70 in Stock Gary Steele Sells 40,000 Shares of Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Stock Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Pacira Pharmaceuticals (PCRX) Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.23 Per Share Traders Sell NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) on Strength on Insider Selling Enova International Inc (ENVA) VP John Higginson Sells 3,500 Shares Chase Co. (CCF) Insider Peter R. Chase Sells 500 Shares of Stock HPQ Silicon Resources Inc (HPQ) Insider Exploration Ltd. Fancamp Sells 100,000 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 40,000 Shares of Stock Napco Security Technologies Inc (NSSC) Insider Jorge Hevia Sells 15,000 Shares Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Insider Scott Roza Sells 3,545 Shares MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) VP David E. Dykstra Sells 5,353 Shares Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (SYKE) Insider David Pearson Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Five Below Inc (FIVE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Givaudan Sa (GVDNY) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Givaudan Sa (NASDAQ:GVDNY)‘s stock had its “sell” rating restated by equities researchers at Sanford C. Bernstein in a research note issued on Friday. Several other research analysts also recently issued reports on GVDNY. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Givaudan Sa in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Givaudan Sa in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Givaudan Sa in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Baader Bank reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Givaudan Sa in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Givaudan Sa in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold”. Shares of Givaudan Sa (NASDAQ:GVDNY) opened at 37.07 on Friday. Givaudan Sa has a 52 week low of $34.44 and a 52 week high of $42.92. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $35.87 and its 200 day moving average price is $37.45. The firm has a market cap of $17.06 billion and a P/E ratio of 27.12. Your IP Address: Receive News & Ratings for Givaudan Sa Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Givaudan Sa and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) PT Set at €9.00 by Commerzbank Ag Next » Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mondi Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raymond James Financial, Inc. Lowers East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) to Underperform Feltl & Co. Reiterates Buy Rating for Titan International Inc (TWI) Quebecor, Inc. (QBR.B) Price Target Raised to C$50.00 at TD Securities Primero Mining Corp (P) Price Target Cut to C$1.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Equity Residential (EQR) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 23rd Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Receives GBX 855.73 Average Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Aetna Inc (AET) Price Target at $133.71 Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Receives $8.60 Consensus PT from Brokerages Scotiabank Reaffirms Sector Perform Rating for AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Ag Growth International’s (AFN) Hold Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Issued By SunTrust Banks Bacanora Minerals Ltd Com (BCN) Insider Jamie Strauss Acquires 27,000 Shares Redrow plc (RDW) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 23rd Nuverra Environmental Solutions Inc (NESC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Zacks: Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Brokerages Enerplus Corp (ERF) Raised to C- at TheStreet Globant SA (GLOB) Upgraded at TheStreet Rice Energy Inc (RICE) PT Set at $31.00 by Scotiabank Brokerages Set Mondi Plc (MNDI) Price Target at $1,945.71 March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI) has been assigned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the nine brokerages that are covering the firm. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1-year price target among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 1,945.71 ($24.03). Several equities analysts have recently commented on MNDI shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Mondi Plc in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Mondi Plc to a “neutral” rating and upped their target price for the company from GBX 2,025 ($25.01) to GBX 2,100 ($25.94) in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upped their target price on Mondi Plc from GBX 1,700 ($21.00) to GBX 2,000 ($24.70) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on Mondi Plc from GBX 1,900 ($23.47) to GBX 2,000 ($24.70) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upped their target price on Mondi Plc from GBX 1,900 ($23.47) to GBX 2,100 ($25.94) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Your IP Address: Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI) opened at 1943.00 on Thursday. Mondi Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,240.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,963.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,851.67 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,683.45. The company’s market cap is GBX 9.41 billion. Mondi Plc Company Profile Mondi plc is a United Kingdom-based packaging and paper company. The Company is engaged in managing forests and producing pulp, paper and compound plastics for industrial and consumer packaging. The Company and Mondi Limited, under a dual listed company (DLC) structure, operate together as a single economic entity. Receive News & Ratings for Mondi Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tahoe Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Trading Down 9% Following Weak Earnings Traders Buy Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) on Weakness After Analyst Downgrade First Trust Intrmdt Drtn Prfrd & Incm Fd (FPF) Plans $0.16 Monthly Dividend Kelt Exploration Ltd (KEL) Insider Sadiq Lalani Acquires 3,029 Shares Masco Corp (MAS) Director J Michael Losh Sells 2,084 Shares Whitestone REIT Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.10 (WSR) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Snc-Lavalin Group (SNC) ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) EVP Nancy Saltzman Sells 1,615 Shares of Stock CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) COO Richard J. Dalton Sells 5,324 Shares Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Insider Neil Bodick Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI) CEO Stuart M. Brightman Acquires 40,000 Shares of Stock Sensata Technologies Holding (ST) Now Covered by Cowen and Company Colony Starwood Homes (SFR) COO Charles D. Young Sells 6,500 Shares Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) PT Lowered to C$17.00 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - CA - Finance Tweet Tahoe Resources Inc (TSE:THO) (NASDAQ:TAHO) had its price objective trimmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. from C$18.50 to C$17.00 in a research report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has an outperform rating on the stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Desjardins reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$21.00 to C$18.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$16.50 to C$15.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Royal Bank of Canada reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$27.00 to C$19.00 in a research report on Monday, December 12th. National Bank Financial reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$18.25 to C$14.50 in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, TD Securities reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$17.50 to C$16.00 and set a buy rating for the company in a research report on Monday, March 13th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Tahoe Resources currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of C$16.83. Shares of Tahoe Resources (TSE:THO) opened at 10.10 on Wednesday. Tahoe Resources has a one year low of $9.58 and a one year high of $22.13. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $11.21 and its 200 day moving average price is $13.59. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.15 billion and a PE ratio of 24.82. Your IP Address: In related news, Director Drago Guillermo Kisic purchased 11,142 shares of Tahoe Resources stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was bought at an average cost of C$7.17 per share, for a total transaction of C$79,888.14. About Tahoe Resources Tahoe Resources Inc is a mine operating, mineral exploration and development company. The Company’s principal business activities are to operate the Escobal mine, a silver mining operation in southeastern Guatemala; the La Arena mine, a gold mining operation located in northwestern Peru, and the Shahuindo gold mine, located in northwestern Peru. Receive News & Ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nestle SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Nestle SA (NESN) PT Set at CHF 68 by Macquarie March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Nestle SA (VTX:NESN) received a CHF 68 target price from equities researchers at Macquarie in a report issued on Friday. The firm currently has a “sell” rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently issued reports on NESN. Credit Suisse Group AG set a CHF 68 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Berenberg Bank set a CHF 82 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a CHF 82 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a CHF 78 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a CHF 90 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of CHF 81.08. Nestle SA (VTX:NESN) opened at 77.45 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is CHK 74.29 and its 200 day moving average price is CHK 73.49. Nestle SA has a 52-week low of CHK 67.00 and a 52-week high of CHK 80.05. Your IP Address: Nestle SA Company Profile Nestle SA is a nutrition, health and wellness company. The Company’s segments are Zone Europe, Middle East and North Africa (EMENA); Zone Americas (AMS); Zone Asia, Oceania and sub-Saharan Africa (AOA); Nestle Waters; Nestle Nutrition, and Other Businesses. The Company operates in the United States, Greater China Region, Switzerland and Rest of the World. Receive News & Ratings for Nestle SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video Gold wilts in the face of a stronger dollar Metal edges down to $1,247.82, weighed down by a firmer greenback, while palladium hits its highest price in 22 months, lifted by upbeat economic data Most Read JSE nervously awaits ‘Trump tantrum’ Thursday 8 hours ago Rand closes in on R12.50/$, its best level since 2015 6 hours ago Rand does well as market digests data releases 1 day ago Columnists Editorials Letters EDITOR’S LUNCHBOX: Is Herman Mashaba SA’s Donald Trump? Pretoria was apparently not chuffed at the thought of Joel Pollak, ‘former Tony Leon speechwriter turned hard-right Trumpian imbongi’, as US ambassador Most Read GARETH VAN ONSELEN: Helen Zille’s world is gone 3 days ago BL PREMIUM EDITOR’S LUNCHBOX: Tony Leon on how Maimane missed an easy shot right in front of the ANC's goal 1 day ago NATASHA MARRIAN: Sassa saga still has many twists ahead 9 hours ago BL PREMIUM Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Lack of resources is crippling effective policing‚ study finds An SAPS resources allocation guide highlights the dire and demoralising lack of personnel and vehicles that is preventing adequate crime prevention Most Read DA councillor arrested for alleged sexual assault of 13-year-old girl 24 minutes ago Emirates working on solution to electronics ban on flights to US 1 hour ago New test for TB could save thousands of lives, say UCT researchers 2 hours ago Andile Lungisa puts future in hands of party leadership The regional chairman says he will quit if national executive tells him to Most Read Zille faces expulsion from DA over colonialism tweets as probe looms 9 hours ago Inside SA's simmering cauldron of hate and corruption 1 day ago TONY LEON: Why Maimane must act swiftly against Zille 1 day ago BL PREMIUM Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Tsogo Sun talks about increasing its holding in Hospitality Property Fund The group has a 50.6% stake in the fund, a real estate investment trust, and is now in talks to sell the fund additional hotels worth R3.3bn Most Read Busby to shut Nine West and Mango 9 hours ago Reserve Bank deputy governor on closure of Gupta bank accounts 1 day ago IFC could force Net1 to buy back its shares for $107m 9 hours ago RESERVE BANK DATA Bulletin warns UK’s Brexit process could hit SA banks’ balance sheets South African banks' exposure to single counterparty countries is dominated by the UK Most Read SA’s surprise deficit stirs rate-cut hopes 9 hours ago Investigation to throw light on tax refunds 1 day ago Bulletin warns UK’s Brexit process could hit SA banks’ balance sheets 9 hours ago Call to unmask importers dumping poultry into SA Cheap chicken coming into the country fingered for loss of hundreds of local jobs as Department of Agriculture suspends imports linked to Brazilian meat scandal Most Read SA suspends Brazil meat imports after scandal 22 hours ago Legally enforce BEE in financial sector, Numsa Investment’s Msibi says 23 hours ago BUSINESS DAY TV: Consumers are moving to the used, lower end of the vehicle market 1 day ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Donald Trump’s pick to head of the SEC to face Senate committee Jay Clayton is expected to focus his efforts on ways the Securities and Exchange Commission can foster economic growth and help companies raise capital Most Read Rex Tillerson alias e-mails cannot be produce, say lawyers 4 hours ago Seven arrested in raids after London attacks 5 hours ago Attempted coup in Turkey unsettles Metair 6 hours ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Sudden resignation of Maritzburg coach fuels national team speculation Roger De Sa insists he resigned after just three months for family reasons, and he is not looking for a position on Bafana Bafana’s technical team Most Read Bafana may have to replay 'rigged' qualifier against Senegal 7 hours ago Bafana's recent World Cup qualifier against Senegal 'was fixed' - Fifa 1 day ago Bafana match to be replayed? 7 hours ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear LAUNCH NEWS High hopes for Nissan’s Navara not quite met Nissan’s second generation Navara has finally arrived in SA, but was the wait worth it? Most Read And the winner is… 8 hours ago Mercedes-Benz AMG E63 — superpower emerges after Europe debut 8 hours ago Mitsubishi out to take on segment rivals with new Outlander 8 hours ago Most Read World Billionaire David Rockefeller dies at 101 20 March 2017 - 18:35 PM Agency Staff David Rockefeller and Nelson Mandela. Picture: REUTERS David Rockefeller, the US banker, philanthropist, presidential adviser and heir to one of history’s most fabled fortunes, has died. At 101, he was the world’s oldest billionaire. He died on Monday at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, according to an emailed statement from Fraser P. Seitel, a family spokesman. The cause was congestive heart failure. Rockefeller was the youngest and last-surviving grandson of Standard Oil founder John D. Rockefeller, the nation’s first billionaire. He was the only one of John D. Rockefeller Jr.’s five sons who spent his entire professional career in the corporate world, rising to chief executive officer of Chase Manhattan Bank during his 35 years at the company. He was also a confidant of world leaders, from Deng Xiaoping in China to Nelson Mandela in South Africa, from the shah of Iran to Henry Kissinger. Rockefeller famously asked President Jimmy Carter to let the deposed shah come to the US for medical treatment, leading to the seizure of American hostages in Tehran from 1979 to 1981. Rockefeller was equally well known for his philanthropy. In 2006, he bequeathed $225m to the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, which he and his brothers established in 1940 to promote social change worldwide. The year before, he donated $100m each to two New York institutions: the Museum of Modern Art, which was co-founded by his mother, and Rockefeller University, a medical-research school started by his grandfather. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a statement. "During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called," said Bloomberg, the founder and majority owner of Bloomberg News parent Bloomberg LP. In 2008 Rockefeller gave $100m to his alma mater, Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts. "The range of David Rockefeller’s business and philanthropic and political connections is perhaps unequaled," said Ron Chernow, the author of "Titan," a 1998 biography of John D. Rockefeller. David Rockefeller’s death closes a chapter in the family’s storied history. Known simply as "The Brothers," David, Laurance, John, Nelson and Winthrop traversed the intersecting worlds of business, politics, philanthropy and the arts as no other US family had ever done. The brothers Laurance, who died in 2004, was a venture capitalist, environmentalist and adviser to five US presidents on conservation. Nelson, who died in 1979, was the four-term New York governor and US vice president under President Gerald Ford. John D. Rockefeller III, the oldest brother who was killed in a 1978 automobile accident, led the fundraising effort to develop New York’s Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. Winthrop, who died in 1973, was the former governor of Arkansas. Their sister, Abby Rockefeller Mauze, known as "Babs," died in 1976. Once the nation’s wealthiest family, the Rockefellers today pale in comparison with 21st century tycoons such as Microsoft Corp. co-founder Bill Gates or investor Warren Buffett. Rockefeller once joked that he was the only Rockefeller of his generation who had to "work for a living." He was either chairman, president or CEO of Chase from 1957 to 1981, creating a global financial institution, traveling to 103 countries and meeting with dozens of presidents, kings and prime ministers. He accumulated about 150,000 names in an electronic Rolodex. "Because I started sooner, I think I probably knew more heads of state than anyone else, possibly with the exception of Henry Kissinger, but maybe even including" him, Rockefeller said in a December 2003 interview. Rockefeller was criticized for meeting with dictators including Cuba’s Fidel Castro and Iraq’s Saddam Hussein. A member of the Council on Foreign Relations for more than 60 years and its chairman for 15, Rockefeller was also a frequent target of conspiracy theorists because of his membership in secretive international policy groups such as the Trilateral Commission and the Bilderberg Group. "Maybe in another 20 years I’ll outlive all my bad press," Rockefeller said in the interview. At Chase, he outlasted rivals, scandals, operational problems and board pressure to retire on schedule at age 65. Today, Chase is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co., the biggest US bank by assets, after Chemical Banking Corp. acquired Chase in 1995. The combined company added JP Morgan & Co. five years later and Bank One Corp. in 2004. JPMorgan merger Rockefeller said he was shocked by the merger with JP Morgan, which united the Rockefellers’ bank with the legendary bank of their only true early 20th-century rival for financial power, J Pierpont Morgan. Rockefeller, as chairman of the Downtown-Lower Manhattan Association, and his brother Nelson, as governor, played key roles in developing the World Trade Center and the Wall Street financial district in the 1960s and 1970s. They sought to boost the lower Manhattan office market as their father had, at their urging, worked to shore up Midtown during the Great Depression by building the Rockefeller Center complex. During their construction, the Twin Towers were often dubbed "David" and "Nelson" by the press. Rockefeller, who watched the twin towers burn from his 56th-floor Rockefeller Center office on Sept. 11, 2001, was an honorary member of the panel to design a memorial to the victims of the terrorist attacks. In 2002, David Rockefeller published "Memoirs," the first autobiography by a member of his family since his grandfather’s "Reminiscences of Men and Events" in 1909. Reviewers described the book as a rare candid view of a private family, with discussions of fraternal schisms and his wife’s depression, though they said it lacked sensationalism and soul-baring. Defending grandfather Rockefeller wrote of his grandfather with reverence, parrying old depictions of John D. Rockefeller Sr. as a greedy, ruthless robber baron. He defended Standard Oil’s industry monopoly. "That was Grandfather’s greatest achievement: building the petroleum industry and, in the process, creating the modern corporation," he wrote. "It was an organizational triumph that transformed the business world." David was the first Rockefeller to unite the more than 100 descendants of John Sr. He was the organizer of annual family meetings at the Rockefeller estate at Pocantico Hills, which overlooks the Hudson River north of New York City. He encouraged his relatives’ philanthropic and educational efforts, such as his son David’s role as chairman of the National Parks Foundation. None of the fourth-generation Rockefellers are likely to replace David as the family’s standard-bearer. "No one can step into his shoes," said Warren T. "Lindy" Lindquist, Rockefeller’s World War II buddy and business associate, in a 1995 interview with the New York Times. "Not because they aren’t good, smart, talented people but because it’s just a different world, and they have different interests." Lindquist died in 2003. Early life David Rockefeller was born on June 12, 1915, in New York, the youngest child of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who spent most of his time preserving John Sr.’s philanthropy, and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller. Rockefeller attended the experimental Lincoln School of Columbia University’s Teachers College in Manhattan and graduated from Harvard College in 1936. He studied at the London School of Economics and received a Ph.D. in economics in 1940 from the University of Chicago, which his family had founded. His thesis, "Unused Resources and Economic Waste," argued that capitalists seek not only to make money but also to serve their employees and society. Also in 1940, he married Margaret "Peggy" McGrath, who died in 1996. They had two sons and four daughters. In his first job, Rockefeller drafted replies to letters sent to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia for $1 a year. When World War II broke out, he resisted signing up for service until his mother urged him to do his military duty. Rockefeller declined to use his father’s influence to secure an officer’s commission, enlisting as an Army private. He served from 1942 until 1945, rising to captain.He joined Chase National Bank, where his uncle, Winthrop Aldrich, was chairman, in 1946 at the age of 30. Rockefeller’s father — and before that, his grandfather — had long been the bank’s biggest individual shareholders, and the family held two board seats. Though tagged as a spoiled rich kid by Aldrich’s successor, John J. McCloy, Rockefeller rode the subway to work for a decade and worked his way up through various departments, including a stint overseeing the Latin America business, to become co-CEO after McCloy retired in 1960. McCloy, Rockefeller wrote, was indecisive about a successor. Rockefeller threatened to quit when board members discussed having George Champion, who was 11 years older and had been with the bank two decades longer, as sole CEO for a time. Instead, Rockefeller shared power for eight years with Champion before he was named the sole CEO in 1969. At chase During the 1960s, Rockefeller used his family name and global contacts to increase foreign branches to 73 from 11. Chase was the first Western bank to open branches in Moscow and Beijing, and it made loans in Africa, Asia and Latin America. Rockefeller also hired management professor Peter Drucker as a consultant and created human resources, marketing and planning departments. Critics said Rockefeller’s international focus led to the neglect of Chase’s everyday operations. By the early 1970s, the bank had suffered shaky real estate investments, bond losses that forced it to restate earnings, bad loans and technological problems. Citibank, which would become Citigroup Inc., was closing in on Chase’s market share. Rockefeller was forced to focus simultaneously on the bank’s internal deficiencies and global expansion. In "Memoirs," he said he had to fight to keep his job in 1975, with director and family adviser J. Richardson Dilworth telling him during a helicopter flight up the Hudson River that he had limited time to turn the bank around. A week later, the board gave him another year, and after restructuring management and the way the bank made loans, he was able to continue until his retirement in 1981, just before he turned 66. Foremost a financier, Rockefeller was often a conduit for high-level diplomacy on his Chase trips, flying more than 5 million miles and meeting 200 heads of state in 35 years. He developed a close relationship with then-Secretary of State Kissinger, a longtime adviser to his brother Nelson, and argued for President Richard Nixon’s overtures to Communist China in the early 1970s. Vietnam War In the 1960s and early 1970s, protesters targeted him as a power behind US foreign policy, including the Vietnam War. Some of his own children then in college opposed his politics, and he wrote about heated dinner table arguments with his daughter Abby, a draft-resistance counselor drawn to Marxism. Rockefeller focused on managing family affairs after his Chase retirement. Since the 1940s the brothers held formal meetings, with David serving as secretary, that continued until the late 1970s. "The five of us had had widely diverging and, in some ways, conflicting interests," he wrote, "but largely because of these regular get-togethers we maintained a basic respect and affection for one another, something that has not always been the case with other wealthy families." In 1979, David, Laurance, and the widows of John and Nelson organized Rockefeller & Co., an outgrowth of the family office started by their grandfather when he moved to New York from Cleveland a century earlier. The firm has since branched out as a wealth manager for clients not affiliated with the family. Rockefeller Center David Rockefeller estimated that his father lost $110 million in 20 years on his stake in Rockefeller Center, which was started in 1932 as a show of faith in the US economy. David later served as chairman of Rockefeller Center Properties Inc., which held the mortgage, and worked to avert a mid-1990s financial collapse after its purchase by Japan’s Mitsubishi Estate Corp. In January 1995, the 79-year-old Rockefeller flew to Japan to try to persuade Mitsubishi not to put the property in bankruptcy. He broke his leg walking into Mitsubishi’s offices, then stayed to plead his case before heading to the hospital for treatment. Three months later, the filing occurred anyway. A year later, Rockefeller bought the center back in partnership with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. In 2001, the group sold it to New York developer Tishman Speyer Properties at a profit, ending seven decades of family control. Rockefeller upheld the family’s philanthropic tradition, giving away more than $900 million during his lifetime. In 1940, he joined the board of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, established in 1901 by his grandfather, and a decade later succeeded his father as board chairman, serving for 25 years. The Institute was renamed Rockefeller University in 1965. He endowed the David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies at Harvard and was chairman of the school’s board of overseers. Inheriting a love of art from his mother, Rockefeller amassed a collection of modern and impressionist works valued at more than $500 million in the early 1990s. After his mother’s death in 1948, he took her seat on the board of the Museum of Modern Art, serving more than 16 years as chairman between 1958 and 1993. Rockefeller remained sharp and agile into his 90s, going to the office daily at 10 a.m. and leaving at 5 p.m. He exercised before work, and sometimes drank a glass of white wine with lunch. Leadership of the family now falls upon the generation known as "The Cousins," the great-grandchildren of John D. Rockefeller. David Rockefeller said he was confident his six children and grandchildren would carry on the philanthropic and activist legacy of the family’s century-old fortune. "If they will have learned the important things about life and how to lead it, that could be my greatest contribution," Rockefeller said in a May 2007 interview. "I have reason to think that they will." Bloomberg Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need to stay informed? Subscribe from R120 per month to get the best of Business Day, the Financial Mail, Business Times, RDM and more, along with perks such as exclusive Financial Times content. Most read 1. Donald Trump’s pick to head of the SEC to face ... World / Americas 2. Rex Tillerson alias e-mails cannot be produce, ... World / Americas 3. Seven arrested in raids after London attacks World / Europe 4. Attempted coup in Turkey unsettles Metair Companies Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need to stay informed? Subscribe from R120 per month to get the best of Business Day, the Financial Mail, Business Times, RDM and more, along with perks such as exclusive Financial Times content. Most read 1. Donald Trump’s pick to head of the SEC to face ... World / Americas 2. Rex Tillerson alias e-mails cannot be produce, ... World / Americas 3. Seven arrested in raids after London attacks World / Europe 4. Attempted coup in Turkey unsettles Metair Companies Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us Subscribe FAQs Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Read More About us Contact us Subscribe FAQs Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVII
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram Subscribe to New York Magazine Give a Gift Subscription of New York Magazine Digital Edition of New York Magazine Like Us Follow Us Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. Subscribe to New York Magazine NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. Popular on NYMag.com Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE March 20, 2017 03/20/2017 2:01 p.m. Billionaire Philanthropist and Businessman David Rockefeller Dies at 101 By Jen Kirby Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print David Rockefeller. Photo: Jb Reed/Bloomberg via Getty Images David Rockefeller, the last surviving grandson of Standard Oil founder John D. Rockefeller, has died at the age of 101. A member and heir of one of America’s most storied families, Rockefeller became an influential figure in business, politics, and philanthropy. He built his professional career at Chase Manhattan (which became JPMorgan Chase), where he began working after shortly World War II and eventually rose to chairman and CEO. In his 35 years at the bank, he helped establish it as a global brand. He retired from the company in 1981. With a family name tied to New York, David Rockefeller, with the help of his brother, and New York State governor, Nelson, famously pushed for the construction of the original World Trade Center. David also generously donated to the New York institutions his family had a role in establishing, among them the Museum of Modern Art and the research institution Rockefeller University, reports Bloomberg. He set aside 1,000 acres of land next to Acadia National Park for a nonprofit, in honor of his 100th birthday in 2015. According to Reuters, Rockefeller gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime. Rockefeller also made his mark on international affairs, most controversially when he helped lobby President Jimmy Carter to admit the Shah of Iran into the United States for medical treatment, which helped spark the Iran hostage crisis in 1979. Before his death Monday, Rockefeller had been the world’s oldest billionaire. Forbes, which just published its billionaires’ list, had estimated his net worth at $3.3 billion. Bloomberg AP Reuters Tags: rip obits david rockfeller Billionaire David Rockefeller Dies at 101 Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top StoriesTrump’s Defense of His Lies: ‘I’m President and You’re Not’House Republicans May Have Saved Trumpcare by Making It Even CruelerTrumpcare Is Doomed No Matter What Most Viewed Stories House Republicans May Have Saved Trumpcare by Making It Even Crueler Report: Donald and Melania Trump Don’t Sleep in the Same Bed Determine Which Love Actually Character Has Aged Best by Watching Its Sequel Trailer This Workout Might Help Reverse the Aging Process, According to a New Study This Year’s New Emoji Include a Hedgehog, Barf, and Brain, and, Yes, Finally, a Merman Dave Chappelle’s Netflix Specials Will Remind You Why He’s One of the All-Time Best Stand-ups Here’s the Insane Amount of Money the Cast of Big Bang Theory Will Have Made by the End of Season 12 Surprise! The New Power Rangers Is Actually Pretty Great FBI Has Information Suggesting Trump Team May Have Coordinated With Russia: Report Jenny Slate Talks About Her Breakup With Chris Evans Most Popular Video On Daily Intelligencer No One Can Dodge An Interview Question Like Kellyanne Conway Latest News from Daily Intelligencer 2 mins ago Former Russian Lawmaker and Putin Critic Gunned Down in Broad Daylight Denis Voronenkov was set to testify in a treason case against former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych. 8:33 a.m. Trump’s Defense of His Lies: ‘I’m President and You’re Not’ The president pauses his attack on truth to attack the idea of truth. 6:13 a.m. Conservative Trumpcare Fix Leaves Moderates Angry, Freedom Caucus Noncommittal Last-minute concessions yielded another moderate “no,” and no firm support from the conservatives. 3:39 a.m. Police Say Murder Suspect Came to NYC to Kill Black Men A white Maryland man told investigators that he fatally stabbed a homeless man in Midtown because he “wanted to make a statement.” 2:00 a.m. Vladimir Putin Has Already Won Comey’s hearing proved how hyperpartisanship is making it easy to damage American democracy. Yesterday at 11:32 p.m. FBI Has Information Suggesting Trump Team May Have Colluded With Russia: Report The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee says there’s “more than circumstantial evidence now.” Yesterday at 9:35 p.m. House Republicans May Have Saved Trumpcare by Making It Even Crueler The new version would let insurance companies pick off healthy customers and load all the costs onto expensive ones. Yesterday at 6:34 p.m. GOP Prepares to Go Nuclear Over Gorsuch Republicans are taking umbrage at Democrats’ questioning of Gorsuch so that they can justify killing a filibuster against him. Yesterday at 5:11 p.m. GOP House Intel Chair: Trump Team Was Legally Surveilled During Transition Nunes just disclosed (ostensibly) classified information to the public and president, in an apparent breach of protocol. Yesterday at 2:42 p.m. 4 Dead, Including Suspect, in Terror Attack Near U.K. Parliament An assailant was shot by police after stabbing an officer, and people were run over by a car on Westminster Bridge. Yesterday at 1:55 p.m. SCOTUS Just Gutted a Gorsuch Opinion — and Made Him Look Extreme In the midst of the nominee’s confirmation hearing, SCOTUS makes him look more conservative than Clarence Thomas on education rights. Yesterday at 1:52 p.m. Regretful Trump Voters Are (Mostly) a Myth A new poll finds that only 3 percent of Trump voters regret their decision — and fewer than 1 percent wish they’d voted for Clinton. Yesterday at 1:10 p.m. Trumpcare Is Doomed No Matter What Catastrophe awaits Trump whether the bill fails in the House, gets blocked in the Senate, or gets signed into law. Yesterday at 12:45 p.m. 7 Charts Explain the Horrors of Trumpcare A historic social calamity in bar-graph form. Yesterday at 12:31 p.m. Donald Trump Will Attend NATO Summit in May This should be his first trip abroad as president. Yesterday at 10:46 a.m. Why Trumpcare Could Die Before It Even Gets a Vote Twenty-four House Republicans say they oppose the bill — and the moderate opposition hasn’t even shown up yet. Yesterday at 10:36 a.m. Judge Neil Gorsuch’s Rope-a-Dope Act With Democratic Senators The SCOTUS nominee avoids saying anything controversial, frustrating his opposition. Yesterday at 9:57 a.m. 40 People Watched a Teen Get Sexually Assaulted on Facebook Without Reporting It Chicago police are currently investigating the crime. Yesterday at 8:42 a.m. Mitch McConnell’s Trumpcare Plan Is to Lose Fast The Republican leader will hold a vote next week, which he knows he’ll lose. He’s not dumb. Yesterday at 8:30 a.m. What New York’s Homelessness Crisis Looked Like in the 1980s As institutions closed and pushed thousands of people onto the streets, the desire to help them evolved into a fearful wariness. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2017, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Federal Signal Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federal Signal Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Buying: Lithium X Energy Corp (LIX) Director Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Mediagrif Interactive Technologies Inc (MDF) Insider Buys C$112,000.00 in Stock Global Payments Inc (GPN) Director Sells $48,018.00 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 25,000 Shares of Stock Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Raises Dividend to $0.13 Per Share U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (GROW) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.00 Investors Buy Prologis Inc (PLD) on Weakness After Insider Selling Federal Signal Co. (FSS) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Federal Signal Co. (NYSE:FSS) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note issued on Monday. According to Zacks, “Federal Signal Corporation is a manufacturer and worldwide supplier of safety, signaling and communications equipment, hazardous area lighting, fire rescue products, street sweeping and vacuum loader vehicles, parking control equipment, custom on-premise signage, carbide cutting tools, precision punches and related die components. “ Separately, Seaport Global Securities raised Federal Signal from an “accumulate” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Federal Signal (NYSE:FSS) traded down 1.60% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $14.17. The stock had a trading volume of 164,580 shares. The stock has a market cap of $846.25 million, a P/E ratio of 19.90 and a beta of 1.53. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $15.09 and a 200-day moving average price of $14.56. Federal Signal has a 52 week low of $11.68 and a 52 week high of $16.65. Federal Signal (NYSE:FSS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $0.16 EPS for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.16. The business earned $176.10 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $189.80 million. Federal Signal had a return on equity of 11.98% and a net margin of 5.95%. Federal Signal’s quarterly revenue was down 5.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.25 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Federal Signal will post $0.74 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Friday, March 10th will be given a $0.07 dividend. This represents a $0.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.98%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 8th. Federal Signal’s payout ratio is currently 40.58%. Your IP Address: A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in Federal Signal by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 17,234 shares of the company’s stock worth $228,000 after buying an additional 609 shares during the last quarter. Airain ltd bought a new stake in Federal Signal during the third quarter worth approximately $167,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Federal Signal by 32.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 839,625 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,134,000 after buying an additional 207,562 shares during the last quarter. Granite Investment Partners LLC bought a new stake in Federal Signal during the third quarter worth approximately $5,998,000. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in Federal Signal by 11.6% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 42,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $560,000 after buying an additional 4,400 shares during the last quarter. 84.52% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Federal Signal Company Profile Federal Signal Corporation designs and manufactures products and integrated solutions for municipal governmental industrial and commercial customers. The Company operates through two segments: Environmental Solutions Group, and Safety and Security Systems Group. Environmental Solutions Group is manufacturer and supplier of a range of street sweeper vehicles, sewer cleaner and vacuum loader trucks, hydro-excavation trucks and waterblasting equipment. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Federal Signal (FSS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Federal Signal Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federal Signal Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Rio Olympics Cricket Football Features Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel Blogs Epaper FPJ Initiatives FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Rio Olympics Cricket Football Features + Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel Blogs Epaper FPJ Initiatives + FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Trending Now #GST #GudiPadwa #BabriMasjid #YogiAditayanth #IPL2017 Home / Indore / Indore: IIM-Indore sees top offer of Rs 39 lakh Indore: IIM-Indore sees top offer of Rs 39 lakh — By Staff Reporter | Mar 21, 2017 08:11 am FOLLOW US: Indore: At a time when many people lost jobs due to demonetisation, Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Indore students not only witnessed 100 campus placements but also saw increase in average salary, though marginal, with Strategy & Consulting and Finance domains dominating the scenario. The class of 2017 also witnessed 28 per cent hike in pre-placement offers. Also, the highest domestic package shot up from Rs 32 lakh last year to Rs 38 lakh this year. The international highest package also went up from Rs 30 lakh last year to Rs 39 lakh this year, an increase of 22 per cent over last year. The average CTC stood at Rs 16.23 lakh per annum compared to Rs 15.67 lakh per annum last year. As many as 611 students took part in the placement process. Of these, 449 belonged to the Post Graduate Programme (PGP), 100 were from Integrated Programme in Management (IPM) and 62 were from IIM-I’s Mumbai campus. The placement season witnessed participation from over 200 companies, including 74 first time recruiters. Strategy & Consulting emerged as the leading domain with over 160 participants securing offers. Actuate Business Consulting, Boston Consulting Group, Cognizant Business Consulting, Deloitte Strategy & Operations, Ernst & Young, Feedback Infra, Infosys Management Consulting, KPMG and PwC were some of the marquee recruiters in this domain. This premier institution maintained its position as one of the preferred recruitment destinations for the finance domain with bulge-bracket investment banks like Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase & Co rolling out over 30 offers while Arcesium, Axis Bank, Bank of America Continuum, CRISIL, etc were some of the other major recruiters. Some of the major first time recruiters include Apollo Munich, Apollo Pharmacy, Atos, Avery Dennison, Directi, Dell EMC, Feedback Infra, FIS Global, Ford, GMR Group, ICICI Securities, Panasonic, Shriram Wealth Advisors, Sundaram BNP Paribas, Tech Mahindra (GLC), Vedanta and VF Corporation. Continuing previous year’s trends, sales and marketing remained one of the most favoured domains among the participants with many big brands choosing to recruit from the campus in large numbers. Technology domain aspirants bagged offers from top firms such as American Express, ATOS, Capgemini, Cognizant, etc. Operations and HR roles were offered by firms like Amazon, Apollo Pharmacy, DHL Express, Ford etc. The second batch of the five-year IPM course had 100 participants and witnessed 100% placements with an average CTC of Rs 12.52 LPA, with close to 40% of the batch opting for the Finance domain. Expressing his thoughts about the season, IIM Indore director Prof Rishikesha T Krishnan said “At IIM Indore, our endeavour is to be a contextually-relevant business school with world class academic standards substantiated by the AMBA accreditation of our programmes. We are confident that our graduates will contribute significantly to make organisations both effective and efficient.” 28 per cent hike in pre-placement offers Highest domestic offer shoots up from , Rs 32 lakh last year to Rs 37 lakh this year International highest package offered is Rs 39 lakh, against Rs 32 lakh last year Average salary offered this year stood at Rs 16.23 lakh per annum against, Rs 15.67 lakh previous year 606 students take part in campus placements, 5 take entrepreneurial roles 200 companies, including 74 first time recruiters, hire students “Despite challenging economic changes, we have continued to be the preferred choice for many of the industry leaders. Leading recruiters have offered various challenging managerial roles to more than 600 of our 2-year PGP and 5-year IPM graduates. We are happy to highlight the improving placements of our IPM participants. This year a lot more recruiters expressed interest and appreciated the performance of IPM participants in the whole process.” Prof Rishikesha T Krishnan, Director, IIM Indore Share this Post: « Previous Article Mumbai: No MNS Gudi Padwa rally this year Next Article » 1st liquid biopsy for blood cancers developed in Aus Tagged with: campus placements demonetisation Finance domains IIM Indore Indian Institute of Management Strategy & Consulting JUST ARRIVED New tree-climbing crab species found Men! Hit the gym for better bone health Feared of robots? You may lose job NPA resolution mechanisms need more teeth: Mundra Supreme Court to go paperless within 6-7 months: CJI EDITOR’S PICK Recurring doctors’ strikes are a bane It is deeply unfortunate that the tangle between agitating doctors and the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation is showing no signs of… Narada sting strikes at Mamata’s credibility Even as it grapples with the Saradha chit fund scam, which has gripped the Mamata Banerjee government, another corruption scandal… A petition to the RBI: Surging bank charges Officials at the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) may be familiar with an image that is being WhatsApp-ed around lately.… Modi poised to sail through 2019 polls There is no mistaking the fact that it is advantage BJP for the 2019 Lok Sabha elections with a little… Telecom scene lights up again in India In what is being billed as a ‘mahagathbandhan’ in the economic sphere, the London-headquartered Vodafone and Kumar Mangalam Birla-controlled Idea… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China's HNA Is Buying a NYC Office Tower for $2.21 Billion by David M Levitt @dmlevitt More stories by David M Levitt March 20, 2017, 7:48 PM EDT Purchase of 245 Park Ave. would be one of Manhattan’s priciest Sellers are Brookfield Property, New York teachers pension Chinese conglomerate HNA Group Co. is leading a deal to acquire Manhattan’s 245 Park Ave. for $2.21 billion, one of the highest prices ever paid for a New York skyscraper, two people with knowledge of the negotiations said. HNA may be involved with at least one partner on the purchase, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the transaction is private. The 1.7 million-square-foot (158,000-square-meter) office tower, with tenants including JPMorgan Chase & Co., is being sold by Brookfield Property Partners LP and its 49 percent partner in the property, the New York State Teachers’ Retirement System. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The deal, should it be completed, would bring Chinese ownership to the heart of midtown Manhattan’s financial core: the towers just north of Grand Central Terminal along Park Avenue. JPMorgan’s principal executive office is at 270 Park, diagonally across East 47th Street from 245 Park. Three blocks to the north is the Waldorf Astoria hotel, which China’s Anbang Insurance Group Co., acquired for $1.95 billion in 2015 and is now converting to mostly condominiums. Clement Wei, a spokesman for HNA, didn’t immediately reply to an email sent before regular business hours in Haikou, where the company is based. HNA has made a string of acquisitions lately, totaling more than $30 billion since last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Its targets have included hotel operator Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., technology company Ingram Micro Inc., asset manager SkyBridge Capital and earlier this month the company that runs Caijing magazine’s website. The 245 Park Ave. purchase was reported earlier Monday on the website of The Real Deal, a publication that covers New York real estate. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe What the Biggest Banks Are Planning Once Brexit Starts by Gavin Finch @GavinFinchBBG More stories by Gavin Finch March 20, 2017, 8:01 PM EDT Frankfurt, Dublin favorites for U.K.-based banks after Brexit Firms steeling for no access to EU market once U.K. leaves Banks Plan Post-Brexit Employee Re-Deployment Big investment banks will begin the process of moving some London-based operations into new hubs inside the European Union within weeks after U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May set a date to trigger the formal mechanism for quitting the bloc. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners. Bank of America Corp., Standard Chartered Plc and Barclays Plc are considering Ireland’s capital for their EU base to ensure continued access to the single market, said people familiar with the plans, asking not to be named because the plans aren’t public. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc. are among banks eyeing Frankfurt, other people said. With banks increasingly expecting a so-called hard Brexit -- the loss of their right to sell services freely around the EU from London -- executives want to have new or expanded offices up and running inside the bloc before the U.K. departs in 2019. Frankfurt is a natural pick given a financial ecosystem featuring Deutsche Bank AG, the European Central Bank and BaFin. Dublin shares similar laws and regulations as its U.K. neighbor and is the only other English-speaking hub in the EU. May will file divorce papers to leave the EU on March 29, launching two years of complex negotiations that will pit the U.K.’s need for a trade deal against the bloc’s view that Britain shouldn’t benefit from Brexit. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and 20,000 roles in financial services as clients move 1.8 trillion euros ($1.9 trillion) of assets out of the U.K. after Brexit, according to think tank Bruegel. Other estimates range from as much as 232,000 jobs to as few as 4,000. Bloomberg News conducted interviews and reviewed public statements to discover what each major bank is planning. Bank of America  Bank of America views Dublin as its default destination for a new EU hub if the U.K. loses easy access to the single market, one of the firm’s top executives in Germany said earlier this month. The bank will likely move some jobs to other cities across the region, including Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg and Amsterdam, said Nikolaus Naerger, Bank of America’s head of corporate banking in Germany, Switzerland and Austria. No final decisions have been made. "You’ve got to get your legal entity structure correct so you can operate in two different environments: one inside the U.K. and one outside,” Bank of America President Brian Moynihan said in Davos, Switzerland, in January. “We already have a lot of that structure set up. Then you have to start to think about where locations are." Goldman Sachs The Wall Street firm is considering making Frankfurt its hub inside the EU and could move as many as 1,000 employees, including traders and senior managers, according to a person familiar with the matter. Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein has publicly said the bank has shelved plans to move more key operations to the U.K. Read more: Will Brexit trigger exodus of banks from London? -- Q&A Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up “We were on track to move more and more of our global activities, so global ops, global tech -- all those things made more and more sense to operate out of the U.K.,” because of the time zone, Blankfein said in a Bloomberg interview in Davos. “Now, we’re slowing down that decision, and only moving there what we have to move there. We don’t value doing things twice; moving them there and then moving them away from there.” JPMorgan JPMorgan Chase & Co. has scouted for office space in both Dublin and Frankfurt, people with knowledge of the matter said this month. Before the referendum, CEO Jamie Dimon said as many as 4,000 of its 16,000 U.K. employees could be moved to the continent after Brexit. “We have to accommodate the laws of the land in both Britain and the EU, and that will determine how many jobs and how many people you have to move,” Dimon said in January. “It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for.” UBS Chairman Axel Weber said this month that the bank will make a final decision on whether to move as many as 1,500 of about 5,000 U.K. investment banking staff soon after Brexit is triggered. “Yes, we will have to move bankers -- we have an SE in Frankfurt, we have an appropriate setup in Spain,” Andrea Orcel, head of UBS Group AG’s investment bank, said in Davos, referring to the Swiss bank’s German subsidiary, which is licensed to do investment banking. “We still have flexibility to decide where to go, but we will definitely have to move.” HSBC HSBC Holdings Plc CEO Stuart Gulliver said in January that staff generating about 20 percent of its London investment-banking revenue may move to Paris, where it acquired a French commercial bank more than a decade ago. “Activities specifically covered by EU legislation will move,” he said. Before the June referendum, Gulliver said a Brexit vote would likely result in about 1,000 of the bank’s 5,000 London-based staff relocating to the French capital. Barclays The U.K. bank has settled on Dublin for its main hub inside the EU and is planning to add about 150 staff there, people with knowledge of the decision said earlier this year. Barclays CEO Jes Staley has struck a different tone to other bank bosses. He said in Davos that it would be “very difficult” to dislodge a financial center like London. If needed, Barclays may reassign its Frankfurt branch to its Irish subsidiary, he said. “Same people, same traders, you have to book a trade in Ireland as opposed to London, but that’s not a wholesale move of our capability from London to Ireland,” he said. Standard Chartered The bank approached Irish officials about making Dublin its legal base inside the EU, people familiar with the discussions said in December. No final decision has been taken, and the firm is also in talks with Germany’s regulator about choosing Frankfurt. Citigroup Citigroup is evaluating locations for parts of its London broker-dealer business, including Ireland, Spain, Italy, Germany, France, and the Netherlands, Jim Cowles, the bank’s top executive for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said at a conference in Dublin on Jan. 24. Cowles said he expected the bank would make a final decision by the end of the first half. Bloomberg News reported in November that the firm was in discussions with BaFin about moving some of its London-based equity and interest-rate derivatives traders to Frankfurt. Citigroup is also in discussions with the ECB and regulators in EU nations including Ireland about relocating other parts of its operations. Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is scouting for office space in Frankfurt and Dublin for their enlarged EU hub, people with knowledge the matter said in February. The bank may initially move about 300 workers to one of the cities. Before the vote, Bloomberg News reported that the firm would likely move 1,000 of about 6,000 U.K. employees out of the country in the event of Brexit. Morgan Stanley President Colm Kelleher said the firm would likely move its local headquarters to Dublin or Frankfurt. Morgan Stanley executives said New York would likely be the big winner from Brexit as U.S. firms would probably allocate headcount away from Europe altogether. Daiwa Daiwa Securities Group Inc. CEO Takashi Hibino said the Japanese brokerage is considering Frankfurt and Dublin among candidate cities to host European operations it moves out of London. The firm, the majority of whose 450 European staff work in London, has yet to establish a licensed entity in the EU, and is running simulations with consultants. Lloyds Banking Group The U.K. bank plans to convert its Berlin branch into a subsidiary, making that its base inside the EU, a person with knowledge of the matter said last month. A small number of people would move from London. The bank has yet to apply for an extension of its German banking licence. Credit Suisse Credit Suisse is exploring options for expanding in Dublin after Brexit, two people with knowledge of their plans said in January. Chief Financial Officer David Mathers said in February that losing access to the EU would endanger 10 percent to 15 percent of income at its two U.K. subsidiaries, which have a revenue base of $4 billion to $5 billion. Bank of China Bank of China Ltd. is in talks with Irish officials about potentially moving some of its U.K. operations to the country after Brexit, Ireland’s Sunday Independent newspaper reported in January. Sumitomo Mitsui Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. is also eyeing moving some of its U.K. employees to Ireland and has held a series of meetings with local regulators, the Sunday Independent reported. Mitsubishi UFJ Japan’s biggest bank is increasing the size of its Amsterdam office, though the lender has yet to decide on where to base its securities operation after Brexit, Bloomberg reported earlier this month. Mizuho Mizuho Financial Group Inc. is considering Amsterdam and Dublin among potential locations to base its brokerage unit if it’s impacted by a “heavy Brexit,” President Yasuhiro Sato said in January. Mizuho changed the name of its Netherlands unit to Mizuho Bank Europe on Jan. 1, reflecting its role as a subsidiary overseeing a number of countries in the region, including Belgium, Austria and Spain. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper China's HNA said in US$2.21b deal to buy New York office tower The lower Manhattan skyline on a cloudy day as seen from the borough of Brooklyn in New York City. PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedMar 21, 2017, 8:34 am SGT UpdatedMar 21, 2017, 9:05 am More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/477a Copy NEW YORK (BLOOMBERG) - Chinese conglomerate HNA Group is leading a deal to acquire Manhattan's 245 Park Ave for US$2.21 billion (S$3.09 billion), one of the highest prices ever paid for a New York skyscraper, two people with knowledge of the negotiations said. HNA may be involved with at least one partner on the purchase, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the transaction is private. The 1.7 million-square-foot (158,000-square-metre) office tower, with tenants including JPMorgan Chase & Co, is being sold by Brookfield Property Partners and its 49 per cent partner in the property, the New York State Teachers' Retirement System. The deal, should it be completed, would bring Chinese ownership to the heart of midtown Manhattan's financial core: the towers just north of Grand Central Terminal along Park Avenue. JPMorgan's principal executive office is at 270 Park, diagonally across East 47th Street from 245 Park. Three blocks to the north is the Waldorf Astoria hotel, which China's Anbang Insurance Group, acquired for US$1.95 billion in 2015 and is now converting to mostly condominiums. HNA has made a string of acquisitions lately, totaling more than US$30 billion since last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Its targets have included hotel operator Hilton Worldwide Holdings, technology company Ingram Micro, asset manager SkyBridge Capital and earlier this month the company that runs Caijing magazine's website. The 245 Park Ave purchase was reported earlier Monday on the website of The Real Deal, a publication that covers New York real estate. Topics:  NEW YORK PROPERTY INVESTMENTS CHINA More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/477a Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles suo_st-nr_300x200.jpg Connected city fringe living cc_a125543_2017mar08_300x200_article2.jpg 5 reasons to drive a hybrid car in Singapore Shopping Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Rehoming Your Preloved Items? Come To Qsquare market Now! Check Out Super Sales @ Qsquare Market Now! Road Safety Is #1 Important! Get Car Camera Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Instructure Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Instructure Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Instructure Inc (INST) EVP Marc T. Maloy Sells 2,000 Shares Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Instructure Inc (NYSE:INST) EVP Marc T. Maloy sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.03, for a total transaction of $50,060.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 11,614 shares in the company, valued at $290,698.42. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Shares of Instructure Inc (NYSE:INST) traded up 0.20% on Monday, hitting $25.05. 197,500 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $23.10 and a 200 day moving average price of $22.33. The firm’s market cap is $717.88 million. Instructure Inc has a 52-week low of $16.03 and a 52-week high of $26.92. Instructure (NYSE:INST) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported ($0.35) EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.43) by $0.08. Instructure had a negative return on equity of 208.06% and a negative net margin of 48.31%. The company had revenue of $31.55 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $30.77 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.43) EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 44.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Instructure Inc will post ($1.31) EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in Instructure by 8.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 237,260 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,020,000 after buying an additional 18,950 shares in the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. acquired a new position in Instructure during the third quarter worth approximately $110,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Instructure by 16.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,806,228 shares of the company’s stock worth $45,825,000 after buying an additional 260,990 shares in the last quarter. Monashee Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in Instructure during the third quarter worth approximately $507,000. Finally, Ardsley Advisory Partners acquired a new position in Instructure during the third quarter worth approximately $5,226,000. 50.60% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. A number of brokerages have commented on INST. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Instructure from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Needham & Company LLC upgraded shares of Instructure from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $28.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded shares of Instructure from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and increased their price target for the company from $28.00 to $29.00 in a research report on Thursday. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $27.00 price target on shares of Instructure in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $27.33. About Instructure Instructure, Inc provides cloud-based learning management platform for academic institutions and companies across the world. The Company operates in the cloud-based learning management systems segment. The Company builds its learning management applications, Canvas for the education market and Bridge for the corporate market, to enable its customers to develop, deliver and manage face-to-face and online learning experiences. Receive News & Ratings for Instructure Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Instructure Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) CFO Sells $396,000.00 in Stock Next » Insider Selling: Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Director Sells 744 Shares of Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories The kids are far right My two weeks as America’s No. 1 middle-aged loser The biggest threat facing middle-age men isn’t smoking or obesity. It’s loneliness. UMass Boston was warned of financial crisis years earlier Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Banks nosedive as Trump health care speedbump tanks stocks E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Evan Vucci/AP President Donald Trump. By Landon Thomas Jr. New York Times  March 22, 2017 NEW YORK — It had been one of Wall Street’s more confounding streaks. Until Tuesday morning, the stock market’s benchmark, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index, had gone 64 consecutive trading days without declining more than 1 percent at any point in a trading session. Advertisement Making the streak even more remarkable, such extraordinary composure from investors had occurred in a period of political volatility as fresh controversies dogged the Trump White House and Europe braced for elections in France and elsewhere on the Continent. This long period of market tranquility highlights the confidence many investors and businesses have shown in President Trump’s promise to ignite economic growth. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here This optimism was tested Tuesday as the major market indicators ended down more than 1 percent, led by a sell-off in financial stocks. “There is a saying that the market makes fools of us all,” said Charlie Bilello, director of research at Pension Partners, an investment advisory firm. “And that is true here because we have been in one of the most peaceful, calm periods in the history of the stock market.” The question now is whether, after months of mostly ignoring political headlines, investors will weigh the possibility that problems with repealing the Affordable Care Act and the uproar over the Trump campaign’s possible ties with Russia could weaken the president’s ability to pass market-friendly laws. Advertisement On Tuesday, the S&P 500 closed down 1.24 percent, its sharpest daily decline since October. At 161 days, it was the longest period between closing declines of 1 percent or more in the index since June 1985. In terms of intraday trading, the period without big drops in the index was the longest since 1962, beating by a wide margin the previous record of 34 days in mid-1995. For the day, the narrower Dow Jones industrial average ended down 1.14 percent, and the Nasdaq composite index finished off 1.83 percent. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks plunged 37.55 points, or 2.7 percent, to 1,346.55. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Large financial stocks like Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, and JPMorgan Chase led the way down Tuesday as investors began to show concern that Trump’s daily political battles may harm his ability to push through an ambitious economic agenda. The S&P financials index had its biggest fall since late June, after Britain’s vote to leave the European Union. Among transportation companies, United Continental lost $2.21, or 3.3 percent, to $65.28 and railroad operator CSX declined $1.26, or 2.7 percent, to $45.62. Hertz Global skidded $1.86, or 8.7 percent, to $19.40. Companies that make steel, chemicals, and other basic materials also slid. AK Steel plunged 86 cents, or 10.4 percent, to $7.51 and US Steel lost $3.34, or 9 percent, to $33.76. The value of the dollar slipped against the euro and other major currencies. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.41 percent, generally an indication that investors were selling riskier assets and piling into safer securities like government bonds. ‘We have been in one of the most peaceful, calm periods in the history of the stock market.’ Since November, the stock market rally has been fueled by expectations that Trump, helped by Republican majorities in the House and the Senate, would be able to push through tax cuts, roll back regulations, and kick-start a round of government-backed infrastructure spending. No signs indicate those expectations have fundamentally changed. A one-day, 1.24 percent decline three months into one of the better starts to an investment year in recent memory is no indication that a correction could be imminent, market specialists said. And many observers remain convinced that the combination of fiscal stimulus, a strong economy and low but gradually rising interest rates will remain a powerful lure for investors. “This will be the first time since the mid-1960s that the federal government may provide a positive impulse to an economy that is at full employment,” said Bob Miller, a senior bond investor at BlackRock. Because interest rates are so low, a round of rate increases from the Federal Reserve is not likely to harm growth assets like stocks, Miller said. It has been precisely this type of optimistic outlook that has kept the Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index, or VIX — also known as Wall Street’s fear gauge — at such historically low levels. Low volatility readings are generally seen at the end of an economic expansion as confidence, wages and markets rise in unison. Such is the case now, Bilello said, which ought to be a warning to investors that good times do not last forever. Bilello is not predicting a major correction. He just notes that the prices for stocks relative to their earnings have been higher only in 1929 and 1999 — two well-known market tops. “This would be the ninth straight year that the S&P finishes the year higher than the year before,” Bilello said. “And if you combine that with very high valuations, it means that investors should expect more volatility going forward.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) The Latest: Westminster Bridge reopens after attack State Sen. Robert Ortt, ex-Sen. George Maziarz face arraignment A.M. Roundup: Does the GOP have the votes to pass its health Man convicted in $1 million property scam to be sentenced News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Sun rises on a chilly day in Albany area Lawmakers want Flynn's records Crews battle fire, ice, wind at Schenectady apartment building Albany named one of the 10 hottest cities for millennials Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Islanders rally to topple Rangers Offense absent for Devils Remaining teams highlight academics Selfless Mulvey gets praise Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Photos: Siena career fair KeyBank donates $2 million, remains optimistic amid Wall Street Niskayuna Co-op manager resigning Banks tank, stocks slump Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Picks of the week New on DVD: 'Sing' beastly fun; 'Robocop' sequels a little rusty Who's coming here soon Muppet with autism to be welcomed soon on 'Sesame Street' Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Sipping: Wine pick of the week Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews 14 places where you can have a business lunch Deeds & Deals Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Sen. Rob Ortt pleads not guilty to three felony charges Sneak Peek at Great Flats Brewing Abelove asks court to overturn Cuomo order, end AG probe A.M. Roundup: Does the GOP have the votes to pass its health TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Two Capital Region families channel grief of infant loss into Albany synagogues unite to give back Editorial: An unhealthy care act Broadway-bound musical has local connection Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Hey millennials! Albany is for you. Architects, designers, recognized for work Local real estate broker steps up ‘welcome’ ‘Downsizing for seniors’ at the Meadows at Glenwyck, Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings High-value Honest Weight Co-op coupons coming Thursday Ring in New Year’s Eve on a budget with these money-saving Tips for hosting a Super Bowl party on a budget Amazon: 50% off Crocs for the family, today only MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Banks-tank-stocks-slump-11018528.php Banks tank, stocks slump Concerns over GOP's health care bill spark questions about agenda Marley Jay, Associated Press Published 9:57 pm, Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Photo: DOMINICK REUTER Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 A sign for Bank of America is seen on a branch in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on March 18, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / DOMINICK REUTERDOMINICK REUTER/AFP/Getty Images A sign for Bank of America is seen on a branch in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on March 18, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / DOMINICK REUTERDOMINICK REUTER/AFP/Getty Images Photo: DOMINICK REUTER Banks tank, stocks slump 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York U.S. stocks took their biggest loss in five months Tuesday as a health care bill backed by President Donald Trump ran into trouble in Congress, which raised some questions about his agenda of faster economic growth spurred on by lower taxes and cuts in regulations. Banks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped, and so did materials companies like steel and chemicals makers. The dollar weakened. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit the most from Trump's policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations, fell more than the rest of the market. "President Trump promised that this health care bill would be signed, sealed, delivered within the first couple of weeks of him taking office," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer for BMO Capital Markets. "All this is doing is pushing the rest of the agenda out." The Standard & Poor's 500 index tumbled 29.45 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,344.02. That was its biggest drop since Oct. 11. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237.85 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite surrendered 107.70 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,793.83. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks plunged 37.55 points, or 2.7 percent, to 1,346.55. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Stocks have fallen for four days in a row, though the previous losses were small. Tuesday's losses were a reversal of the patterns that have endured since Trump was elected in November, but overall stocks are still sharply higher since then. On Thursday the House of Representatives is scheduled to vote on the Republican-backed American Health Care Act, and despite support from the president on Tuesday, it's not clear if the House or the Senate will approve the bill. The administration hopes to get a major tax reform package to Congress by August, and a big infrastructure spending proposal may follow next year. Banks had their worst day in nine months as bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.42 percent from 2.46 percent. Bank of America fell $1.42, or 5.8 percent, to $23.02. KeyCorp sank $1.18, or 6.5 percent, to $16.90, the biggest loss in the S&P 500. JPMorgan Chase gave up $2.64, or 2.9 percent, to $87.39. Still, banks have done far better than the rest of the market since the election. Among transportation companies, United Continental lost $2.21, or 3.3 percent, to $65.28 and railroad operator CSX declined $1.26, or 2.7 percent, to $45.62. Hertz Global skidded $1.86, or 8.7 percent, to $19.40. Companies that make steel, chemicals, and other basic materials also slid. AK Steel plunged 86 cents, or 10.4 percent, to $7.51 and U.S. Steel lost $3.34, or 9 percent, to $33.76. The price of copper also dropped. The metal's price tends to rise when investors are more optimistic about the economy, and copper has risen 14 percent over the last year. It sank 5 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $2.62 a pound on Tuesday. Big-dividend companies, especially utilities, did well. Investors often buy those stocks when bond yields are falling. Dominion Resources rose $1.38, or 1.8 percent, to $78.21 and PPL gained 67 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $37.47. Some household goods makers also rose. Jack Daniel's whisky maker Brown-Forman climbed 47 cents, or 1 percent, to $47.28. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, said investors are taking some profits after the market's long post-election winning streak, but noted that Wall Street is especially eager for the administration's tax reform proposals. "I think investors see (corporate tax reform) as more important in terms of supporting the stock market even if it's not as important in terms of its effect on the economy" as health care, she said. Most Popular 1 Bill sets new goals for NASA 2 Saratoga Springs moms appear on FOX & Friends 3 Troopers: Mom drove drunk, crashed car with toddler inside 4 Albany named one of the 10 hottest cities for millennials 5 '26' cap tags a sticky issue in bitter Momentive strike aftermath 6 The Latest: China, Australia leaders discuss London attack 7 Alleged drug dealer sought by U.S. Marshals, reward offered View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Believe it or not, people are actually leaving Yelp reviews for Super swarm: Here's why hawks are amassing at Calif. state park Pence busters 8 to 10 men reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Disney, Universal battle tax bill for Florida theme parks A look at victims of the attack outside London's Parliament The Latest: Westminster Bridge reopens after attack Israel police arrest suspect in threats on US Jewish targets Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors United States blanks Puerto Rico to win WBC title Ex-Cal guard Mathews finds peace at Gonzaga Barry Bonds: ‘Timing is just right’ to rejoin Giants Haley Van Dyke leads Campolindo girls into state final Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Alaska Airlines to drop Virgin America name in 2019 Tech workers fear diversity efforts could be undermined Thousands of AT&T workers strike over work assignments Movie money, butterbeer ice cream, Instagram appointments A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Classic comedies with free beer at the Balboa on Saturday nights The latest from Dear Abby Berkeley Rep announces 2017-18 season Big Sean riding on big ‘Bounce’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Bill Niman sells BN Ranch to Blue Apron Toast doesn't cost $4 in SF anymore ... in some spots, it's way Fieldwork's Vermont Farmhouse Ale sparks feud with state of Hitachino Beer & Wagyu's bar is officially open to the public Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Controversial ‘Girlie Glue’ allows parents to stick St. Patrick's Day in San Francisco through the years: Nobody does Growing algae bloom in Arabian Sea tied to climate change Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Barn transforms riverfront in West Sacramento The Latin-flavored cuisine of Woodland Insider: Good times brewing in Yolo Clarksburg AVA the little wine-growing region that could Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Two Oakland homes for just one dollar—with one very large Former Noe Valley firehouse back on the market—with a Wraparound garden adds to appeal of updated Craftsman in Oakland $25M estate, formerly Bill Graham’s, is Marin’s Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-March-22-11018332.php Business News Roundup, March 22 Chronicle Staff and News Services Updated 5:10 pm, Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Virtual reality at NCAA games CBS Sports, Turner Sports, Intel and the NCAA said Tuesday they are teaming up to broadcast six March Madness tournament games, including three from San Jose’s SAP Center and the three Final Four games from Phoenix, for the first time in virtual reality. The games, viewable using the Oculus NCAA March Madness Live VR app for Samsung’s Gear VR, won’t be free. For $2.99 per game, or $7.99 for all six, fans will receive a courtside view from several virtual reality cameras, with a special audio broadcast. For $1.99 per game, fans will receive the view from one courtside VR camera, with audio from the CBS broadcast. The VR broadcasts start with Thursday’s West region semifinal games in San Jose, but don’t include games played in the three other regions. However, the networks, Intel and the NCAA have signed a multiyear partnership to use Intel’s True VR technology. Wall Street Markets take precipitous fall Stocks took their biggest loss in five months Tuesday as a health care bill backed by President Trump ran into trouble in Congress, which raised some questions about his agenda of faster economic growth spurred on by lower taxes and cuts in regulations. Banks plunged as bond yields continued to fall, which will mean lower interest rates on loans. Transportation companies including airlines, railroads and rental car companies dropped, and so did steel and chemicals makers. The dollar weakened. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit the most from Trump’s policy proposals of lower taxes and looser regulations, fell more than the rest of the market. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index tumbled 29.45 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,344.02. That was its biggest drop since Oct. 11. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 237.85 points, or 1.1 percent, to 20,668.01. The Nasdaq composite surrendered 107.70 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,793.83. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks plunged 37.55 points, or 2.7 percent, to 1,346.55. Four-fifths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Retail Bebe may go online only Bebe Stores, the Brisbane women’s apparel chain with locations across the country, is reportedly planning to shut its stores and seek a turnaround as an online brand. The company is trying to close the locations without filing for bankruptcy, said people familiar with the situation, who asked not to be identified because the efforts aren’t public. However, Chapter 11 may be required if enough landlords aren’t willing to negotiate, they said. The company, known for selling trendy going-out apparel to young women, has been operating about 170 boutique and outlet stores. Bebe would become the latest retailer to shed brick-and-mortar stores and hitch its fortunes to e-commerce. Kenneth Cole Productions said in November that it would close almost all of its locations, concentrating instead on its online businesses. A consumer shift to the Internet has contributed to several retail bankruptcies this year. Unlike many retailers, Bebe has no significant debt. But it has lost about $200 million over the past four years, and negotiating with landlords to get out of leases may prove difficult. The company didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. Manny Mashouf, who founded the company in San Francisco in 1976, owns 57 percent of its stock. He remains chairman and CEO, but last year, Bebe sold half of its brand to Bluestar Alliance to develop a wholesale licensing business, a move that helped raise cash. The stock has fallen more than 80 percent over the past two years, though it began to rebound last month. Banking Wells ATMs to use phones Wells Fargo plans to upgrade all 13,000 of its ATMs next week to allow customers to access their funds using their cell phones instead of traditional bank cards. The announcement was made Tuesday by Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan. JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America have announced similar upgrades to their ATMs, but they have not implemented the changes yet. Wells would be the first to offer the feature across the United States. To access their money, customers would get unique eight-digit codes from their Wells Fargo smartphone app, and enter the code into the ATM along with their PIN. The machines will accept debit cards as well. The codes will not work on the secure doors that many branches have for nonbusiness hours that require an ATM or debit card to gain entry. Wells Fargo said those secure doors are found at a small percentage of branches, mostly in major metropolitan areas. Earnings FedEx hurt by fuel costs Income and revenue rose during the peak holiday season at FedEx, but higher fuel costs helped keep profit below Wall Street’s forecast. Holiday-season package volume was the heaviest ever, and the big package-delivery company continues to benefit from the growth in online shopping. FedEx said Tuesday that it earned $562 million in its fiscal third quarter, up 11 percent from a year earlier, and revenue increased 19 percent. Adjusted profit, which excludes costs related to the acquisition and restructuring of TNT Express, was $2.35 per share. That was well short of the $2.63 per share forecast by analysts. Third-quarter revenue of $15 billion was slightly higher than the analysts’ prediction of $14.96 billion. General Mills sees profit dip A decline in the sales of “light” yogurts hurt the bottom line in the third fiscal quarter, General Mills said, reporting a 20 percent dip in U.S. yogurt sales. Profit fell 1 percent to $357.8 million (61 cents per share). Adjusted for restructuring costs and nonrecurring costs, the company said that earnings came to 72 cents per share, a penny more than analysts had expected. Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TERROR ATTACK IN LONDON IS group claims responsibility for London car,knife attack Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor 5 dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament LATEST NEWS Israeli teen arrested in threats on US Jewish targets Joanne Kyger, trailblazing Beat poet, dies at 82 8 to 10 reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus Man tries to drag girl walking on SF street into car Police: Car break-in in Berkeley uncovers criminal den California Supreme Court to rule on gun law Officials: White House fence jumper caught by shoelaces Sisters say border agent sexually assaulted them The best Hunter Pence signs (and sign tweets) of all time Barry Bonds: ‘Timing is just right’ to rejoin Giants Giants’ Nuñez joins growing injury list United States blanks Puerto Rico to win WBC title Super swarm: Why hawks are amassing at Calif. state park The best spring hikes in the Bay Area People actually leave Yelp reviews for Bay Area roads and tunnels Funniest one-star Yelp reviews of prestigious restaurants Veggie burger that 'bleeds' set to take on US market As the Jewish deli scene fades, Wise Sons grows TODAY'S TOP PICKS Two Oakland homes for just one dollar—with one big caveat Talbot: We need to support homeless solutions 3-year-old American girl meets pope, steals his hat Most Popular 1 Woman, 73, beaten unconscious in attack on BART train 2 Britons are denouncing Donald Trump Jr.'s attack on London's... 3 8 to 10 men reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus 4 Man tries to drag girl walking on SF street into car 5 California may face 'significant risk' from dam 6 Horoscope for Thursday, 3/23/17 by Christopher Renstrom 7 When people leave the Bay Area, where do they go? 8 Car break-in in Berkeley uncovers criminal den, police say 9 Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor 10 'Wheel of Fortune' contestant ridiculed after epic blunder THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
