  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad New witness delays trial over bitcoin exchange tied to JPMorgan hack By Reuters Published: 19:22 EST, 13 February 2017 | Updated: 19:22 EST, 13 February 2017 e-mail By Nate Raymond NEW YORK, Feb 13 (Reuters) - The trial of two men was delayed on Monday in a case stemming from a probe into a bitcoin exchange and a data breach at JPMorgan Chase & Co after prosecutors revealed a new witness. Jury selection was set to begin in Manhattan federal court in the case of Yuri Lebedev, whom authorities call the architect of bitcoin exchange Coin.mx's platform, and Trevon Gross, a pastor and ex-chairman of a now-defunct credit union. But U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan delayed jury selection until Tuesday after prosecutors said they had secured a new witness. The witness, Philip Burgess, was represented by the law firm of one of Gross' lawyers in an unrelated tax case in which he was sentenced in 2010 to eight months in prison. Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel Noble said Burgess, while "reporting another potential fraud" to prosecutors on Wednesday, revealed he had incriminating information stemming from his time as a potential investor in the credit union Gross headed. But after spending the day discussing how to resolve the conflict of Gross and Burgess sharing the same law firm, Nathan ruled prosecutors could not call their eve-of-trial new witness. "It is my conclusion that we will proceed tomorrow and the government may not call Mr. Burgess," she said. Gross, 52, and Lebedev, 39, are among nine people who have been charged following an investigation connected to a breach JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 that exposed over 83 million accounts. While Gross and Lebedev were not accused of hacking, they came under scrutiny in connection with Coin.mx, which authorities said was operated by Florida resident Anthony Murgio and owned by an Israeli behind the JPMorgan breach, Gery Shalon. Shalon has pleaded not guilty to charges that he orchestrated cyber attacks that resulted in the theft of over 100 million people's information. Prosecutors said Coin.mx operated through a front called "Collectables Club" to trick financial institutions into believing it was a memorabilia club while it converted, with no license, millions of dollars into bitcoin. To further evade scrutiny, in 2014, Murgio, with Lebedev's help, tried to take over Helping Other People Excel Federal Credit Union of Jackson, New Jersey, which was linked to HOPE Cathedral. To do so, they and others paid $150,000 in bribes via the church to Gross, its pastor, in exchange for facilitating Murgio's takeover and arranging for Lebedev and others to be put on the credit union's board, prosecutors said. Federal regulators took the credit union into conservatorship in 2015. Murgio pleaded guilty in January. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Richard Chang) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two  Damian Lewis reveals spouse Helen McCrory is worried their children will speak with American accents... as he discusses the stress of doing TV dramas George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News JPMorgan Chase Declares Preferred Stock Dividend NEW YORK–()–JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) declared a dividend on outstanding shares of the Firm’s Series X preferred stock. Information can be found on the Firm’s Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com/press-releases. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TrustyAppliances Announces the Best Coffee Machines to Buy in 2017 Next PostNext Online Platform, Loan.Club wants to help people save money and avoid taking more loans Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance State retirement plans could be over before they start Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Pagani reveals $2.4 million convertible Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Trumponomics Banks are lending a ton, despite Trump's claims by Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 February 13, 2017: 12:42 PM ET Trump signs plan to roll back financial regulations President Trump has bashed Dodd-Frank as a loan-killing "disaster" that's crushing the economy. Trump recently complained that "many friends of mine who have nice businesses" can't get loans because of the regulations in Dodd-Frank. "The banks just won't let them borrow," the president said. The White House argues this lack of business lending is precisely why the 2010 Wall Street reform law needs to be rolled back. But a closer look at lending statistics suggests that this dramatic rhetoric about banks not lending doesn't match up with reality. In fact, banks are lending a ton to businesses these days. Commercial and industrial loans from commercial banks are an all-time high of $2.1 trillion last November, according to the Federal Reserve. Business lending did take a hit during the 2008 Wall Street meltdown. However, lending bottomed out after the Great Recession ended and bank loans to businesses have nearly doubled from the low. That means banks ramped up lending even after former President Obama signed Dodd-Frank into law in July 2010 in hopes of staving off another financial crash. For instance, in 2012 just as key elements of Dodd-Frank were being phased, commercial and industrial loans jumped by 12%, according to the Fed. Lending was up another 7% in 2013 and 12% in 2014. Darrell Duffie, a finance professor at Stanford University, said Trump's lending claim "is too broad." "U.S. banks have been providing large amounts of credit to businesses, much more than their European counterparts," he said. Related: Tough federal bank regulator calls it quits Overall, 79% of small businesses that applied for a bank loan were approved for at least some financing, according to a 2015 Fed survey of small businesses. Big banks would love regulatory relief. But that's not necessarily because they find it difficult to lend. "Loan growth remains robust," Marianne Lake, JPMorgan Chase's chief financial officer, said during the bank's conference call last month. JPMorgan (JPM) bragged about how it ended 2016 with record loan balances of $189 billion in its commercial bank. That's up an impressive 14% from the end of 2015. One analyst, Kenneth Usdin from Jefferies, even complimented JPMorgan during the call on "another great year of double-digit loan growth." Bank of America (BAC) also seems to be navigating the Dodd-Frank world pretty okay, when it comes to loans. BofA CEO Brian Moynihan said last month that commercial business loan growth "kicked up" during the fourth quarter as mid-size business borrowing was "strong." Even Wells Fargo, which has been grappling with a scandal that's hurt its reputation, is lending more. Wells Fargo's (WFC) commercial loan book increased by 11% in the fourth quarter to nearly $507 billion. Barney Frank, one of Dodd-Frank's authors, recently told CNNMoney there's "no evidence" to support Trump's claim that the law is killing lending. "If we had inflicted a disaster on the American financial system, it would have shown up," Frank said. Related: Wall Street has a powerful seat at Trump's table Still, critics argue that Dodd-Frank made banks too risk-averse, hurting less-proven young companies. "The only businesses that can obtain loans are those that can prove they don't actually need the loan," Harvey Pitt, who served as SEC commissioner under former President George W. Bush, told CNNMoney. These early-stage companies aren't able to reliably turn to banks for loans because regulations have raised lending standards, Pitt said. "Dodd-Frank has made it much harder for those businesses that are the true generators of economic growth to raise capital," he said. To Pitt's point, the Fed small business survey shows that 50% of bank loan applicants faced a financing shortfall, meaning they received a smaller loan than they requested. Smaller businesses were dramatically more likely to run into loan roadblocks than larger ones. Still, it only makes sense that banks would become more conservative after the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. And unproven businesses have been able to turn to alternative sources of capital like venture capital and peer-to-peer lending. None of this is to say that Dodd-Frank is perfect. Even Frank admits that community and midsize banks have been hurt by increased legal and compliance costs. It's just tough to argue that Dodd-Frank has made it impossible to get a loan. "I understand that may be a popular thing to say, but I don't think there's any evidence," James Pethokoukis, a columnist at the American Enterprise Institute, told CNBC. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 13, 2017: 12:42 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Businesses rally in support of #ADayWithoutImmigrants The Muay Thai brand using social media to take the fight to its rivals $4 million Lamborghini supercars recalled after fires Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Partner Offers Paid Partner Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Yamana Gold Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yamana Gold Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Putnam High Income Bond Fund (PCF) Declares $0.03 Monthly Dividend DREYFUS STRATEG Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.04 (DSM) Morgan Stanley Lowers Taubman Centers, Inc. (TCO) to Equal Weight Restaurant Brands International Inc. (QSR) Rating Reiterated by Stephens Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Downgraded to “Neutral” at J P Morgan Chase & Co Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (GTE) Upgraded at CIBC PharmAthene, Inc. (PIP) Short Interest Update Pedevco Corp (PED) Short Interest Update Pedevco Corp (PED) Short Interest Update Insider Selling: NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Director Sells 6,049 Shares of Stock Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Price Target Increased to $43.00 by Analysts at Imperial Capital IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Upgraded to “Buy” by Dougherty & Co Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank Of Canada IMI plc (IMI) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,400 at BNP Paribas Targa Resources, Inc. (TRGP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Seaport Global Securities LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) PT Set at $27.00 by Barclays PLC AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Given a $24.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Lannett Co Inc (LCI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Transocean Ltd. (RIG) Bond Prices Rise 1.8% Endo International PLC (ENDP) Debt Trading 1.8% Higher Calamos Advisors LLC Invests $787,000 in Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Calamos Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Yamana Gold Inc. (NYSE:AUY) (TSE:YRI) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 280,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $787,000. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Yamana Gold by 19.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,282,208 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,147,000 after buying an additional 523,706 shares during the period. Schroder Investment Management Group boosted its position in Yamana Gold by 57.2% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 3,734,825 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,988,000 after buying an additional 1,358,315 shares during the period. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board boosted its position in Yamana Gold by 77.1% in the third quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 1,683,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,239,000 after buying an additional 732,868 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in Yamana Gold by 0.4% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 519,732 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,240,000 after buying an additional 2,003 shares during the period. Finally, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its position in Yamana Gold by 0.4% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 3,460,223 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,905,000 after buying an additional 14,690 shares during the period. 46.77% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Yamana Gold Inc. (NYSE:AUY) traded down 0.708% on Monday, hitting $3.505. The stock had a trading volume of 4,210,810 shares. Yamana Gold Inc. has a 12 month low of $2.40 and a 12 month high of $5.99. The company’s market cap is $3.32 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $3.19 and its 200-day moving average price is $3.86. This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/calamos-advisors-llc-invests-787000-in-yamana-gold-inc-auy.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on the company. TD Securities reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $6.00 price target (down from $7.50) on shares of Yamana Gold in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised Yamana Gold from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, October 28th. BMO Capital Markets cut Yamana Gold from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $6.00 to $3.25 in a research note on Monday, December 19th. RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating on shares of Yamana Gold in a research note on Tuesday, October 18th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group set a $5.00 price target on Yamana Gold and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $4.61. Yamana Gold Company Profile Yamana Gold Inc (Yamana) is a gold producer with significant gold production, gold development stage properties, exploration properties, and land positions throughout the Americas, including Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Mexico and Canada. The Company’s segments include Chapada mine in Brazil, El Penon mine in Chile, Canadian Malartic mine in Canada (50% interest), Gualcamayo mine in Argentina, Mercedes mine in Mexico, Brio Gold Inc, and Corporate and other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AUY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Yamana Gold Inc. (NYSE:AUY) (TSE:YRI). Receive News & Ratings for Yamana Gold Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yamana Gold Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Banks are lending a ton, despite Trump's claims - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Banks are lending a ton, despite Trump's claims Posted: Monday, February 13, 2017 12:56 PM EST Updated: Monday, February 13, 2017 1:58 PM EST JPMorgan bragged about how it ended 2016 with record loan balances of $189 billion in its commercial bank. That's up an impressive 14% from the end of 201 Wells Fargo, which has been grappling with a scandal that's hurt its reputation, is lending more. Wells Fargo's commercial loan book increased by 11% in the fourth quarter to nearly $507 billion. By Matt Egan NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- President Trump has bashed Dodd-Frank as a loan-killing "disaster" that's crushing the economy. Trump recently complained that "many friends of mine who have nice businesses" can't get loans because of the regulations in Dodd-Frank. "The banks just won't let them borrow," the president said. The White House argues this lack of business lending is precisely why the 2010 Wall Street reform law needs to be rolled back. But a closer look at lending statistics suggests that this dramatic rhetoric about banks not lending doesn't match up with reality. In fact, banks are lending a ton to businesses these days. Commercial and industrial loans from commercial banks are an all-time high of $2.1 trillion last November, according to the Federal Reserve. Business lending did take a hit during the 2008 Wall Street meltdown. However, lending bottomed out after the Great Recession ended and bank loans to businesses have nearly doubled from the low. That means banks ramped up lending even after former President Obama signed Dodd-Frank into law in July 2010 in hopes of staving off another financial crash. For instance, in 2012 just as key elements of Dodd-Frank were being phased, commercial and industrial loans jumped by 12%, according to the Fed. Lending was up another 7% in 2013 and 12% in 2014. Darrell Duffie, a finance professor at Stanford University, said Trump's lending claim "is too broad." "U.S. banks have been providing large amounts of credit to businesses, much more than their European counterparts," he said. Overall, 79% of small businesses that applied for a bank loan were approved for at least some financing, according to a 2015 Fed survey of small businesses. Big banks would love regulatory relief. But that's not necessarily because they find it difficult to lend. "Loan growth remains robust," Marianne Lake, JPMorgan Chase's chief financial officer, said during the bank's conference call last month. JPMorgan bragged about how it ended 2016 with record loan balances of $189 billion in its commercial bank. That's up an impressive 14% from the end of 2015. One analyst, Kenneth Usdin from Jefferies, even complimented JPMorgan during the call on "another great year of double-digit loan growth." Bank of America also seems to be navigating the Dodd-Frank world pretty okay, when it comes to loans. BofA CEO Brian Moynihan said last month that commercial business loan growth "kicked up" during the fourth quarter as mid-size business borrowing was "strong." Even Wells Fargo, which has been grappling with a scandal that's hurt its reputation, is lending more. Wells Fargo's commercial loan book increased by 11% in the fourth quarter to nearly $507 billion. Barney Frank, one of Dodd-Frank's authors, recently told CNNMoney there's "no evidence" to support Trump's claim that the law is killing lending. "If we had inflicted a disaster on the American financial system, it would have shown up," Frank said. Still, critics argue that Dodd-Frank made banks too risk-averse, hurting less-proven young companies. "The only businesses that can obtain loans are those that can prove they don't actually need the loan," Harvey Pitt, who served as SEC commissioner under former President George W. Bush, told CNNMoney. These early-stage companies aren't able to reliably turn to banks for loans because regulations have raised lending standards, Pitt said. "Dodd-Frank has made it much harder for those businesses that are the true generators of economic growth to raise capital," he said. To Pitt's point, the Fed small business survey shows that 50% of bank loan applicants faced a financing shortfall, meaning they received a smaller loan than they requested. Smaller businesses were dramatically more likely to run into loan roadblocks than larger ones. Still, it only makes sense that banks would become more conservative after the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. And unproven businesses have been able to turn to alternative sources of capital like venture capital and peer-to-peer lending. None of this is to say that Dodd-Frank is perfect. Even Frank admits that community and midsize banks have been hurt by increased legal and compliance costs. It's just tough to argue that Dodd-Frank has made it impossible to get a loan. "I understand that may be a popular thing to say, but I don't think there's any evidence," James Pethokoukis, a columnist at the American Enterprise Institute, told CNBC. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Banks are lending a ton, despite Trump’s claims Banks are lending a ton, despite Trump’s claims Posted on Monday, February 13, 2017 by CNN in Business News President Trump has bashed Dodd-Frank as a loan-killing “disaster” that’s crushing the economy. Trump recently complained that “many friends of mine who have nice businesses” can’t get loans because of the regulations in Dodd-Frank. “The banks just won’t let them borrow,” the president said. The White House argues this lack of business lending is precisely why the 2010 Wall Street reform law needs to be rolled back. But a closer look at lending statistics suggests that this dramatic rhetoric about banks not lending doesn’t match up with reality. In fact, banks are lending a ton to businesses these days. Commercial and industrial loans from commercial banks are an all-time high of $2.1 trillion last November, according to the Federal Reserve. Business lending did take a hit during the 2008 Wall Street meltdown. However, lending bottomed out after the Great Recession ended and bank loans to businesses have nearly doubled from the low. That means banks ramped up lending even after former President Obama signed Dodd-Frank into law in July 2010 in hopes of staving off another financial crash. For instance, in 2012 just as key elements of Dodd-Frank were being phased, commercial and industrial loans jumped by 12%, according to the Fed. Lending was up another 7% in 2013 and 12% in 2014. Darrell Duffie, a finance professor at Stanford University, said Trump’s lending claim “is too broad.” “U.S. banks have been providing large amounts of credit to businesses, much more than their European counterparts,” he said. Overall, 79% of small businesses that applied for a bank loan were approved for at least some financing, according to a 2015 Fed survey of small businesses. Big banks would love regulatory relief. But that’s not necessarily because they find it difficult to lend. “Loan growth remains robust,” Marianne Lake, JPMorgan Chase’s chief financial officer, said during the bank’s conference call last month. JPMorgan bragged about how it ended 2016 with record loan balances of $189 billion in its commercial bank. That’s up an impressive 14% from the end of 2015. One analyst, Kenneth Usdin from Jefferies, even complimented JPMorgan during the call on “another great year of double-digit loan growth.” Bank of America also seems to be navigating the Dodd-Frank world pretty okay, when it comes to loans. BofA CEO Brian Moynihan said last month that commercial business loan growth “kicked up” during the fourth quarter as mid-size business borrowing was “strong.” Even Wells Fargo, which has been grappling with a scandal that’s hurt its reputation, is lending more. Wells Fargo’s commercial loan book increased by 11% in the fourth quarter to nearly $507 billion. Barney Frank, one of Dodd-Frank’s authors, recently told CNNMoney there’s “no evidence” to support Trump’s claim that the law is killing lending. “If we had inflicted a disaster on the American financial system, it would have shown up,” Frank said. Still, critics argue that Dodd-Frank made banks too risk-averse, hurting less-proven young companies. “The only businesses that can obtain loans are those that can prove they don’t actually need the loan,” Harvey Pitt, who served as SEC commissioner under former President George W. Bush, told CNNMoney. These early-stage companies aren’t able to reliably turn to banks for loans because regulations have raised lending standards, Pitt said. “Dodd-Frank has made it much harder for those businesses that are the true generators of economic growth to raise capital,” he said. To Pitt’s point, the Fed small business survey shows that 50% of bank loan applicants faced a financing shortfall, meaning they received a smaller loan than they requested. Smaller businesses were dramatically more likely to run into loan roadblocks than larger ones. Still, it only makes sense that banks would become more conservative after the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. And unproven businesses have been able to turn to alternative sources of capital like venture capital and peer-to-peer lending. None of this is to say that Dodd-Frank is perfect. Even Frank admits that community and midsize banks have been hurt by increased legal and compliance costs. It’s just tough to argue that Dodd-Frank has made it impossible to get a loan. “I understand that may be a popular thing to say, but I don’t think there’s any evidence,” James Pethokoukis, a columnist at the American Enterprise Institute, told CNBC. Superjumbo airline Emirates thinking smaller again Apple stock nears record high Related Posts Disney is no longer ‘rogue’ — finally joins market rally Brexit vote could spark recession and slam the pound Visa is making a killing on fees Overdue taxes? You could lose your U.S. passport Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Momo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Momo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co 3,249,918 Shares in Momo Inc. (MOMO) Acquired by SC China Holding Ltd. February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet SC China Holding Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Momo Inc. (NASDAQ:MOMO) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 3,249,918 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $73,123,000. Momo comprises about 7.5% of SC China Holding Ltd.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Momo by 18,390.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 83,578 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,881,000 after buying an additional 83,126 shares during the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Momo during the second quarter worth about $438,000. Hsbc Holdings PLC boosted its position in shares of Momo by 1,013.3% in the third quarter. Hsbc Holdings PLC now owns 490,230 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,030,000 after buying an additional 446,198 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN bought a new position in shares of Momo during the third quarter worth about $550,000. Finally, HBK Investments L P bought a new position in shares of Momo during the third quarter worth about $3,740,000. Institutional investors own 14.76% of the company’s stock. Shares of Momo Inc. (NASDAQ:MOMO) traded up 1.54% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $24.99. The company had a trading volume of 1,307,117 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $21.79 and a 200-day moving average price of $21.28. The company has a market capitalization of $4.83 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 77.85 and a beta of 1.86. Momo Inc. has a 1-year low of $7.35 and a 1-year high of $28.44. This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/3249918-shares-in-momo-inc-momo-acquired-by-sc-china-holding-ltd.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on MOMO. Instinet began coverage on Momo in a research note on Monday. They set a “buy” rating and a $34.00 price objective for the company. Vetr upgraded Momo from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $27.74 price target for the company in a research note on Monday. Zacks Investment Research cut Momo from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Jefferies Group LLC started coverage on Momo in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $30.00 price target for the company. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Momo from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $28.64. Momo Company Profile Momo Inc is a holding company. The Company operates Momo, a mobile-based social networking platform. The Company’s Momo platform includes its Momo mobile application and a range of related features, functionalities, tools and services that it provides to users, customers and platform partners. Momo users can maintain their relationships through its private and group communication tools, content creation and sharing functions, as well as the offline social activities promoted on its platform. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MOMO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Momo Inc. (NASDAQ:MOMO). Receive News & Ratings for Momo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Momo Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Nation Elections 2017 World Business Budget 2017 Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation Elections 2017 World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Budget 2017 Latest News Tamil Nadu crisis: Panneerselvam vows to save AIADMK from Sasikala's family members Kaithi No. 9234: Sasikala sleeps on floor, shares cell in Bengaluru prison UP assembly elections 2017: PM Modi, Akhilesh Yadav two sides of same coin, says Asaduddin Owaisi Pakistan most dangerous country for world: Former CIA official MNS mantra: If you engage in gunda-gardi, you will be rewarded Home World US trial set over bitcoin exchange linked to JPMorgan hack probe US trial set over bitcoin exchange linked to JPMorgan hack probe Prosecutors contend Lebedev schemed to deceive financial institutions into processing transactions for the unlicensed Coin.mx. By: Reuters | New York | Published:February 13, 2017 5:14 pm JPMorgan & Co. (Source: Reuters) A Florida software engineer and a New Jersey pastor are expected on Monday to face trial in a case stemming from an investigation into a bitcoin exchange and a data breach at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jury selection is set to begin in Manhattan federal court in the case of Yuri Lebedev, who authorities call the architect of bitcoin exchange Coin.mx’s electronic platform, and Trevon Gross, a pastor and ex-chairman of a now-defunct credit union. Watch what else is in the news Prosecutors contend Lebedev schemed to deceive financial institutions into processing transactions for the unlicensed Coin.mx. They say he also participated in bribing Gross to gain control over the credit union to facilitate the virtual currency business. Both men have pleaded not guilty. Eric Creizman, Lebedev’s lawyer, said he was “looking forward to his day in court.” Gross’ attorneys did not respond to requests for comment. They are among nine people who have faced charges following an investigation connected to a breach JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 that exposed more than 83 million accounts. Gross, 52, and Lebedev, 39, were not accused of hacking. But they came under scrutiny in connection with Coin.mx, which authorities said was operated by Anthony Murgio, who attended Florida State University with Lebedev, and was owned by an Israeli behind the JPMorgan breach, Gery Shalon. Prosecutors say Shalon, together with Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron, orchestrated cyber attacks that resulted in the theft of over 100 million peoples’ information. Prosecutors said they carried out the cyber crimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with promotional emails. Shalon, Aaron and Orenstein have pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors said Coin.mx operated through a front called “Collectables Club” to trick financial institutions into believing it was a memorabilia club while it converted, with no license, millions of dollars into bitcoin. To further evade scrutiny, in 2014, Murgio, with Lebedev’s help, tried to take over Helping Other People Excel Federal Credit Union of Jackson, New Jersey, which was linked to HOPE Cathedral. To do so, they and others paid $150,000 in bribes via the church to Gross, its pastor, in exchange for facilitating Murgio’s takeover and arranging for Lebedev and others to be put on the credit union’s board, prosecutors said. Gross’ lawyers deny he was lining his pockets with what they call a church donation and say Collectables Club victimized the board. Federal regulators took the credit union into conservatorship in 2015. Murgio pleaded guilty in January. Election 2017 Live updates: PM Modi to address rallies at Hardoi, Barabanki today Uttar Pradesh elections: For Aparna Yadav, Netaji and Congress come together Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections 2017: Campaign and contrast Best of Express Tamil Nadu crisis LIVE updates: Palanisami gets invite to form govt, Panneerselvam camp to move EC EntertainmentPhillauri song Dum Dum: Anushka Sharma, Diljit Dosanjh song celebrates innocent love, watch video EntertainmentKareena, Saif's son Taimur rings in Randhir's 70th birthday. See inside pics EntertainmentShruti Haasan is dating a London-based actor. Everything you want to know, see pics EntertainmentAnushka Sharma, Virat Kohli fans, their new selfies will make you drop a beat. See pics Must Read SportsIndia to get $1 million if they win first Test SportsIndia's bench up against quality Australia side SportsJohnson warns Starc, Hazlewood of burnout TechnologyMoto G5, Moto G5 Plus full specs revealed ahead of MWC launch TechnologyApple patent reveals fingerprint scanner built inside iPhone display TechnologyNASA: January 2017 third warmest on record LifestyleDeepika Padukone sets New York Fashion Week ablaze in a Michael Kors Feb 16: Latest News Only hard work can save Foxes from drop, says Nigel Pearson Sanya Malhotra, the Dangal fame actor’s avatar like never before! Lee Dixon senses Arsene Wenger’s time at Arsenal nearing end Munna Michael: Tiger Shroff to pay tribute to daddy Jackie Shroff in ‘Dhing Dhang’ song? Proposed Lok Sabha bill to prevent extravagant and wasteful expenditure in weddings: Pros and Cons                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. trial set over bitcoin exchange linked to JPMorgan hack probe By Reuters Published: 06:00 EST, 13 February 2017 | Updated: 06:00 EST, 13 February 2017 e-mail By Nate Raymond NEW YORK, Feb 13 (Reuters) - A Florida software engineer and a New Jersey pastor are expected on Monday to face trial in a case stemming from an investigation into a bitcoin exchange and a data breach at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jury selection is set to begin in Manhattan federal court in the case of Yuri Lebedev, who authorities call the architect of bitcoin exchange Coin.mx's electronic platform, and Trevon Gross, a pastor and ex-chairman of a now-defunct credit union. Prosecutors contend Lebedev schemed to deceive financial institutions into processing transactions for the unlicensed Coin.mx. They say he also participated in bribing Gross to gain control over the credit union to facilitate the virtual currency business. Both men have pleaded not guilty. Eric Creizman, Lebedev's lawyer, said he was "looking forward to his day in court." Gross' attorneys did not respond to requests for comment. They are among nine people who have faced charges following an investigation connected to a breach JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 that exposed more than 83 million accounts. Gross, 52, and Lebedev, 39, were not accused of hacking. But they came under scrutiny in connection with Coin.mx, which authorities said was operated by Anthony Murgio, who attended Florida State University with Lebedev, and was owned by an Israeli behind the JPMorgan breach, Gery Shalon. Prosecutors say Shalon, together with Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron, orchestrated cyber attacks that resulted in the theft of over 100 million peoples' information. Prosecutors said they carried out the cyber crimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with promotional emails. Shalon, Aaron and Orenstein have pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors said Coin.mx operated through a front called "Collectables Club" to trick financial institutions into believing it was a memorabilia club while it converted, with no license, millions of dollars into bitcoin. To further evade scrutiny, in 2014, Murgio, with Lebedev's help, tried to take over Helping Other People Excel Federal Credit Union of Jackson, New Jersey, which was linked to HOPE Cathedral. To do so, they and others paid $150,000 in bribes via the church to Gross, its pastor, in exchange for facilitating Murgio's takeover and arranging for Lebedev and others to be put on the credit union's board, prosecutors said. Gross' lawyers deny he was lining his pockets with what they call a church donation and say Collectables Club victimized the board. Federal regulators took the credit union into conservatorship in 2015. Murgio pleaded guilty in January. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two  Damian Lewis reveals spouse Helen McCrory is worried their children will speak with American accents... as he discusses the stress of doing TV dramas George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Regions Financial Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regions Financial Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nicholas Investment Partners LP Invests $4,003,000 in Herc Holdings Inc. (HRI) 229,850 Shares in Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) Acquired by Nicholas Investment Partners LP Nicholas Investment Partners LP Purchases New Position in Granite Construction Incorporated (GVA) Nicholas Investment Partners LP Raises Stake in J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Stake Decreased by GRT Capital Partners L.L.C. Federated Investors, Inc. (FII) Shares Sold by GRT Capital Partners L.L.C. Marriott International (MAR) Shares Sold by Renaissance Group LLC Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Position Increased by Renaissance Group LLC Societe Generale SA (GLE) PT Set at €53.00 by HSBC Holdings plc Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) Given a €100.00 Price Target at S&P Global The Ensign Group, Inc. (ENSG) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research 424,189 Shares in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Acquired by Investec Asset Management LTD Investec Asset Management PTY Ltd Cuts Stake in Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Investec Asset Management LTD Invests $6,248,000 in Alleghany Corporation (Y) Jazz Resources Inc (JZR) Insider Kirk Edward Fisher Acquires 500,000 Shares of Stock Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Insider Jonathan Baliff Buys 1,400 Shares of Stock First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) Director Stephen Reid Acquires 5,000 Shares Goldcorp Inc. Expected to Earn FY2016 Earnings of $0.26 Per Share (G) Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) Now Covered by Lake Street Capital Post Properties Inc (PPS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Lowers Stake in Regions Financial Corporation (RF) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC reduced its stake in Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) by 40.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 66,895 shares of the company’s stock after selling 46,176 shares during the period. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC’s holdings in Regions Financial Corporation were worth $647,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of RF. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 46.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 27,096,781 shares of the company’s stock valued at $267,446,000 after buying an additional 8,617,323 shares during the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new position in shares of Regions Financial Corporation during the third quarter worth approximately $54,184,000. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. boosted its position in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 70.7% in the second quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 11,942,752 shares of the company’s stock worth $101,633,000 after buying an additional 4,944,933 shares during the last quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its position in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 86.5% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 3,165,205 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,242,000 after buying an additional 1,467,937 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Quadrature Capital Ltd acquired a new position in shares of Regions Financial Corporation during the second quarter worth approximately $12,378,000. Institutional investors own 74.07% of the company’s stock. Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) remained flat at $14.99 during mid-day trading on Friday. 17,501,165 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $18.21 billion, a PE ratio of 17.15 and a beta of 1.37. Regions Financial Corporation has a one year low of $7.21 and a one year high of $15.17. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $14.44 and its 200 day moving average price is $11.81. Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.23 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.23. Regions Financial Corporation had a net margin of 19.49% and a return on equity of 7.09%. The business earned $1.39 billion during the quarter. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.21 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Regions Financial Corporation will post $0.97 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Friday, March 10th will be issued a $0.065 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $0.26 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.73%. Regions Financial Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 29.89%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/quantitative-systematic-strategies-llc-lowers-stake-in-regions-financial-corporation-rf.html. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on RF. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price objective on shares of Regions Financial Corporation from $10.50 to $13.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Piper Jaffray Companies restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $11.50 price target (up previously from $11.00) on shares of Regions Financial Corporation in a report on Friday, October 21st. FBR & Co upgraded shares of Regions Financial Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Sandler O’Neill lowered shares of Regions Financial Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $11.50 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. Finally, Wedbush boosted their price target on shares of Regions Financial Corporation from $14.00 to $15.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $12.07. In related news, EVP William E. Horton sold 50,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.99, for a total value of $649,500.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 81,434 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,057,827.66. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Barbara Godin sold 35,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.18, for a total transaction of $496,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 18,086 shares in the company, valued at approximately $256,459.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 205,848 shares of company stock worth $2,892,215. 0.88% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Regions Financial Corporation Regions Financial Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company conducts its banking operations through Regions Bank, an Alabama state-chartered commercial bank, which is a member of the Federal Reserve System. It operates in three segments: Corporate Bank, which represents its commercial banking functions, including commercial and industrial, commercial real estate and investor real estate lending; Consumer Bank, which represents its branch network, including consumer banking products and services related to residential first mortgages, home equity lines and loans, small business loans, indirect loans, consumer credit cards and other consumer loans, as well as the corresponding deposit relationships, and Wealth Management, which offers individuals, businesses, governmental institutions and non-profit entities a range of solutions to enable transfer of wealth. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF). Receive News & Ratings for Regions Financial Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regions Financial Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Emerging Markets Wary EM Investors Should Consider Citi Shares The global bank has a big developing-market presence but fewer dollar, volatility risks than the markets themselves. By Dimitra DeFotis Biography Updated Feb. 11, 2017 1:26 a.m. ET Emerging Markets From one perspective, Citigroup shares look risky because about half of its profits come from outside the U.S., well above the level of most of its big domestic peers. JPMorgan Chase, for example, derives roughly 25% from... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Could Groupon Challenge Amazon Again? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Rising Rates Be Damned: Real Estate Looks Good Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Is Apple Ditching Fingerprints for Facial Recognition? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Energy Stocks Are on Sale And on Verge of Breakouts Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 The Most Powerful Tool for Building Wealth 2 Ford, GM, Ramp Up Pressure on Tesla 3 Invest in Hedge Funds at a Discount Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BGC Partners Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BGC Partners Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co K2 Principal Fund L.P. Has $3,808,000 Stake in BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet K2 Principal Fund L.P. lowered its stake in BGC Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ:BGCP) by 20.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 435,168 shares of the company’s stock after selling 111,274 shares during the period. K2 Principal Fund L.P. owned approximately 0.16% of BGC Partners worth $3,808,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BGCP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of BGC Partners by 11.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,939,224 shares of the company’s stock worth $25,717,000 after buying an additional 310,853 shares during the period. Silver Capital Management LLC increased its position in BGC Partners by 27.0% in the third quarter. Silver Capital Management LLC now owns 131,390 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,150,000 after buying an additional 27,900 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in BGC Partners by 10.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,526,329 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,355,000 after buying an additional 146,707 shares during the last quarter. HBK Investments L P increased its position in BGC Partners by 168.5% in the third quarter. HBK Investments L P now owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $438,000 after buying an additional 31,377 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its position in BGC Partners by 17.7% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,418,783 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,415,000 after buying an additional 213,162 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 39.17% of the company’s stock. BGC Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ:BGCP) opened at 11.30 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $3.15 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.18 and a beta of 1.40. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $10.84 and a 200 day moving average price of $9.56. BGC Partners, Inc. has a 52-week low of $8.18 and a 52-week high of $11.58. BGC Partners (NASDAQ:BGCP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.01. BGC Partners had a net margin of 4.08% and a return on equity of 29.70%. The business had revenue of $673.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $658.80 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.20 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that BGC Partners, Inc. will post $0.94 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, March 14th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 28th will be given a $0.16 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, February 24th. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a yield of 5.66%. BGC Partners’s payout ratio is 168.43%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/k2-principal-fund-l-p-has-3808000-stake-in-bgc-partners-inc-bgcp.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised BGC Partners from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $11.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. BGC Partners Company Profile BGC Partners, Inc (BGC) is a global brokerage company servicing the financial and real estate markets. The Company operates through two segments: Financial Services and Real Estate Services. The Company provides a range of services, including trade execution, broker-dealer services, clearing, processing, information, and other back-office services to a range of financial and non-financial institutions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BGCP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BGC Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ:BGCP). Receive News & Ratings for BGC Partners Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BGC Partners Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Southwestern Energy Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwestern Energy Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Martingale Asset Management L P Invests $18,126,000 in Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS) Martingale Asset Management L P Has $10,405,000 Stake in AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. (AMP) Edgewood Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Dollar General Corporation (DG) Crown Castle International Corporation (CCI) Stake Maintained by Edgewood Management LLC Wabash National Corporation (WNC) Director Larry J. Magee Sells 9,888 Shares of Stock Emerson Electric Company (EMR) VP Steven J. Pelch Sells 7,839 Shares of Stock Booker Group Plc (BOK) Given ” Buy” Rating at HSBC Holdings plc NVR, Inc. (NVR) VP Eugene James Bredow Sells 1,985 Shares of Stock Universal Corporation (UVV) Insider James A. Huffman Sells 6,658 Shares TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL) Insider Terrence R. Curtin Sells 150,000 Shares of Stock TransCanada Corporation (TRP) to Release Earnings on Thursday Shire PLC (SHPG) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Fortis Inc. (FTS) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Telit Communications Plc (TCM) Given ” Buy” Rating at Canaccord Genuity Masimo Corporation (MASI) Issues Earnings Results Fossil Group, Inc. (FOSL) PT Lowered to $17.00 at Mizuho Needham & Company LLC Boosts Adesto Technologies Corporation (IOTS) Price Target to $6.50 Buckeye Partners L.P. (BPL) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Increases Celanese Corporation (CE) Price Target to $99.00 11,562 Shares in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Acquired by ARP Americas LLC February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet ARP Americas LLC purchased a new position in Southwestern Energy Company (NYSE:SWN) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 11,562 shares of the energy company’s stock, valued at approximately $125,000. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Capital Research Global Investors boosted its stake in shares of Southwestern Energy Company by 25.7% in the second quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 55,881,426 shares of the energy company’s stock worth $702,988,000 after buying an additional 11,428,991 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its stake in Southwestern Energy Company by 8.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 29,438,116 shares of the energy company’s stock worth $318,523,000 after buying an additional 2,366,618 shares in the last quarter. Capital World Investors raised its stake in Southwestern Energy Company by 0.8% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 13,628,705 shares of the energy company’s stock worth $188,621,000 after buying an additional 106,436 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Southwestern Energy Company by 18.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 9,142,174 shares of the energy company’s stock worth $126,528,000 after buying an additional 1,417,238 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Southwestern Energy Company by 11.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 8,737,339 shares of the energy company’s stock worth $120,925,000 after buying an additional 895,076 shares in the last quarter. 98.21% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Southwestern Energy Company (NYSE:SWN) traded down 2.00% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $8.83. 12,074,928 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Southwestern Energy Company has a 52 week low of $5.30 and a 52 week high of $15.59. The firm’s market capitalization is $4.32 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $9.77 and its 200 day moving average is $11.97. “11,562 Shares in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Acquired by ARP Americas LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/11562-shares-in-southwestern-energy-company-swn-acquired-by-arp-americas-llc.html. Several brokerages have commented on SWN. Mizuho restated a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 price objective on shares of Southwestern Energy Company in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. KLR Group reiterated an “accumulate” rating and issued a $14.00 price target (down from $15.00) on shares of Southwestern Energy Company in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Scotiabank reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $13.00 price target on shares of Southwestern Energy Company in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Bank of America Corporation lowered shares of Southwestern Energy Company from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and decreased their price target for the stock from $16.00 to $9.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Southwestern Energy Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $14.66. In other Southwestern Energy Company news, SVP Jennifer N. Mccauley sold 3,611 shares of Southwestern Energy Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $12.61, for a total value of $45,534.71. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 21,399 shares in the company, valued at approximately $269,841.39. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Robert Craig Owen sold 37,500 shares of Southwestern Energy Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.22, for a total value of $458,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 101,649 shares in the company, valued at $1,242,150.78. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.16% of the company’s stock. Southwestern Energy Company Company Profile Southwestern Energy Company is an independent energy company engaged in natural gas and oil exploration, development and production. The Company operates through two segments: Exploration and Production (E&P) and Midstream Services. Its operations are focused on the development of unconventional natural gas reservoirs located in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Arkansas. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SWN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Southwestern Energy Company (NYSE:SWN). Receive News & Ratings for Southwestern Energy Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwestern Energy Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News MedEquities Realty Trust Amends Credit Facility With Lower Borrowing Costs, Extended Maturity And $125 Million Term Loan NASHVILLE, Tenn., Feb. 13, 2017 — MedEquities Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: MRT) announced it has closed on a new $425 million secured credit facility.  The amended and restated credit agreement provides for a $300 million secured revolving credit facility and a $125 million secured term loan. The amended credit facility replaced a $300 million secured revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to mature in November 2017. Amounts outstanding under the amended credit facility bear interest at LIBOR plus a margin between 1.75% and 3.00%, depending on the Company’s leverage, for both the revolving credit facility and the term loan. The revolving credit facility matures in February 2021, with one 12-month extension option, and has an accordion feature that allows the total borrowing capacity under the credit facility to be increased to up to $700 million, including the ability to add and fund a second term loan. Both the accordion and the extension options are subject to certain conditions.  The term loan matures in February 2022. The Company has also entered into interest rate swap agreements on the full notional amount of the term loan.  The Company’s forecasted all-in interest rate under the term loan is currently 3.59% and is comprised of the fixed 1.84% swap rate plus the margin under the credit facility. The new facility includes the ability to convert to an unsecured basis once minimum asset and borrowing base targets are achieved as well as certain other conditions. Jeff Walraven, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MedEquities, noted, “The new revolving credit facility and term loan provide substantial flexibility to our capital structure with significantly longer maturities, lower revolver borrowing costs, reduced exposure to fluctuations in short term interest rates and additional capacity to execute our acquisition plans.” At closing of the amended and restated credit agreement, the Company borrowed $31.5 million under the secured revolving credit facility and $125 million under the secured term loan to repay, in full, all outstanding amounts due under the prior facility. Based on the current borrowing base assets, the Company had approximately $101 million of available borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility. KeyBanc Capital Markets, JPMorgan Chase Bank and CitiGroup Global Markets served as co-lead arrangers and co-bookrunners. JPMorgan Chase Bank and CitiBank served as co-syndication agents. Capital One served as documentation agent. KeyBank National Association served as administrative agent. Other banks in the syndicate included Fifth Third Bank, Citizens Bank, Raymond James Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, Cadence Bank, Hancock Whitney Bank, Pinnacle Bank, CapStar Bank and Renasant Bank. About MedEquities Realty Trust MedEquities Realty Trust (NYSE: MRT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust that invests in a diversified mix of healthcare properties and healthcare-related real estate debt investments. The Company’s management team has extensive industry experience in acquiring, owning, developing, financing, operating, leasing and monetizing many types of healthcare properties and portfolios. MedEquities’ strategy is to become an integral capital partner with high-quality and growth-oriented facility-based providers of healthcare services on a nationwide basis, primarily through net-leased real estate investment. For more information, please visit www.medequities.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements provide our current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not statements of historical fact. Words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “will” and variations of these words and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and/or could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements involve inherent uncertainty and may ultimately prove to be incorrect or false. For a description of factors that may cause the Company’s actual results or performance to differ from its forward-looking statements, see the sections entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Risk Factors” included in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, which was filed with the with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on November 10, 2016, and other documents filed by the Company with the SEC. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or actual operating results. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/medequities-realty-trust-amends-credit-facility-with-lower-borrowing-costs-extended-maturity-and-125-million-term-loan-300406343.html SOURCE MedEquities Realty Trust, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, commission, Companies, company, Industry, Markets, officer, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CTA Signatory to Statement on Canada-US Relations Ahead of Trump-Trudeau Meeting Next PostNext CDI Corp. To Hold Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Webcast Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider Feb. 13, 2017, 1:19 PM 1,731 facebook linkedin twitter email print Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. It seems that markets are starting to get nervous about the policies of Donald Trump. Here are the headlines:  Trump's trade-war mongering is starting to rattle Wall Street Some of the biggest US companies have their eyes on one of Trump's policy promises Trump can't take all the credit for the Trump rally IMF head: Trump is good for US economy for now, but trouble looms Trump's 1990 Playboy interview perfectly lays out his view of the world A paying Mar-A-Lago member took photos of Trump being briefed on North Korea — and posted them to Facebook In Wall Street news, JPMorgan's head of global equity capital markets, Liz Myers, can name a bunch of reasons 2017 could see a strong rebound in initial-public-offering activity around the world. Here is what's on Myers' mind. The hyper-acquisitive multinational pharmaceutical company Allergan is buying the fat-reduction biopharmaceutical company Zeltiq Aesthetics for $2.5 billion. The deal makes for a $45 million payday for two Wall Street boutiques. Business Insider published an op-ed from Tom Naratil, president for the Americas at UBS, on the importance of investing in America. A director at the world's biggest investor spelled out why investors are pouring into one of the riskiest markets And there are two questions Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen won't be able to dodge on Capitol Hill this week, according to Business Insider's Pedro da Costa.  There's a bunch of corporate news today. Here are the highlights: Ford CEO reveals a major fear about self-driving cars How Amazon’s payments service could solve its biggest weakness against PayPal Sears' explosive rally is confounding Wall Street Apple tops all-time closing high after UBS says it's undervalued There's no question that the Tesla Model 3 will launch on schedule in 2017 The owner of Burger King and Tim Hortons beats as costs fall In tech news, this is what secretive billion-dollar startup Magic Leap has been working on. Lastly, staying close to home could be the smartest financial decision millennials make. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hour Dan Loeb made a nearly $1 billion bet on Wall Street - Dan Loeb went big on Wall Street. A February 10 regulatory filing shows that Loeb's Third Point took large positions in JPMorgan and Bank of America and, to a lesser extent, Goldman Sachs — investing nearly $1 billion in total in the banks' shares during the fourth quarter of 2016. Top exec at the world's largest hedge fund says to understand its unique culture, look to a basketball game - With $150 billion in assets under management, Bridgewater Associates isn't just the world's largest hedge fund. It's also a company with a quirky and intense culture unique to any industry. The future of the Hamptons is uncertain as prices plummet and luxury buyers head north - The Hamptons have long been a weekend playground for New York City's wealthiest and most fashionable. But thanks to a softening real-estate market and the growing appeal of more affordable destinations, that could be about to change. Luxury shoppers have a completely new attitude, and it's killing traditional retail - As evidence that high-end retail has lost its footing continues to mount — from companies pivoting out of luxury to a crisis in the Swiss watch market — there is at least one bright spot to be found: pre-owned. Doomsday prepper supply companies saw a huge sales surge after Trump's election - If a natural disaster, terrorist attack, or other unforeseen apocalypse hits the US, doomsday preppers will be ready. They've already been stockpiling food, buying water filters, and hatching escape plans — in some cases for years. BLACKROCK: China is the key to global reflation - We believe that China is key to the global reflation story playing out for longer. Our new China GPS economic indicator helps explain why. PRESENTING: Where the two leading French presidential candidates stand on the major issues - As we edge closer to the unpredictable French presidential election, it's worth taking a look at what the current favorites stand for — and how the markets are feeling about it. SEE ALSO: The 27 most important finance books ever written Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Planet Payment Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Planet Payment Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Cadence Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Planet Payment, Inc. (PLPM) February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cadence Capital Management LLC increased its position in Planet Payment, Inc. (NASDAQ:PLPM) by 2.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 199,006 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 4,790 shares during the period. Cadence Capital Management LLC owned about 0.40% of Planet Payment worth $812,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in PLPM. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Planet Payment by 152.0% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 138,336 shares of the company’s stock valued at $621,000 after buying an additional 83,449 shares in the last quarter. EAM Investors LLC boosted its stake in Planet Payment by 35.6% in the second quarter. EAM Investors LLC now owns 806,619 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,622,000 after buying an additional 211,770 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Planet Payment by 1,154.2% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 432,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,941,000 after buying an additional 397,831 shares in the last quarter. Algert Global LLC boosted its stake in Planet Payment by 35.7% in the second quarter. Algert Global LLC now owns 384,057 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,724,000 after buying an additional 101,031 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Numeric Investors LLC acquired a new stake in Planet Payment during the second quarter valued at approximately $2,183,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 51.47% of the company’s stock. Shares of Planet Payment, Inc. (NASDAQ:PLPM) traded up 0.69% during trading on Monday, hitting $4.37. The stock had a trading volume of 63,103 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $4.23 and its 200 day moving average is $3.90. Planet Payment, Inc. has a 52 week low of $2.51 and a 52 week high of $4.97. The stock has a market capitalization of $214.91 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.63 and a beta of 0.70. “Cadence Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Planet Payment, Inc. (PLPM)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/cadence-capital-management-llc-boosts-stake-in-planet-payment-inc-plpm.html. Separately, Feltl & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Planet Payment in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $5.15. About Planet Payment Planet Payment, Inc is a provider of international payment and transaction processing and multi-currency processing services. The Company operates through two segments: multi-currency processing services and payment processing services. Its multi-currency processing services segment includes Pay In Your Currency, Multi-Currency Pricing and Dynamic Currency Conversion at automated teller machines, enable merchants to offer customized pricing in multiple currencies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PLPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Planet Payment, Inc. (NASDAQ:PLPM). Receive News & Ratings for Planet Payment Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Planet Payment Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co RTW Investments LLC Has $2,206,000 Stake in Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet RTW Investments LLC decreased its position in Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) by 1.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 95,714 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,424 shares during the period. Global Blood Therapeutics comprises approximately 0.5% of RTW Investments LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 27th largest position. RTW Investments LLC’s holdings in Global Blood Therapeutics were worth $2,206,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. First Midwest Bank Trust Division acquired a new position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the third quarter worth about $1,586,000. Prudential Financial Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the third quarter worth about $3,009,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 4.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 185,305 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,272,000 after buying an additional 8,450 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 53.3% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 20,744 shares of the company’s stock worth $478,000 after buying an additional 7,212 shares during the period. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 63.5% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 32,290 shares of the company’s stock worth $536,000 after buying an additional 12,536 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 56.36% of the company’s stock. Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT) traded up 4.88% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $22.55. The stock had a trading volume of 178,391 shares. The firm’s market cap is $841.48 million. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $16.26 and a 200 day moving average price of $18.07. Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. has a one year low of $12.24 and a one year high of $27.99. This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/rtw-investments-llc-has-2206000-stake-in-global-blood-therapeutics-inc-gbt.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Global Blood Therapeutics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, October 27th. J P Morgan Chase & Co assumed coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $25.00 price objective for the company. Wedbush increased their price objective on Global Blood Therapeutics from $66.00 to $73.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. Roth Capital set a $47.00 price objective on Global Blood Therapeutics and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $83.00 price objective (up from $80.00) on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $44.63. In other Global Blood Therapeutics news, major shareholder Kevin P. Starr sold 108,955 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, December 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $16.00, for a total value of $1,743,280.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 82,544 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,320,704. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 6.10% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Global Blood Therapeutics Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. The Company’s segment is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GBT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:GBT). Receive News & Ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WEC Energy Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amazon.com’s (AMZN) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies Pinnacle Associates Ltd. Boosts Stake in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Microsemi Corporation (MSCC) Stake Lowered by Pinnacle Associates Ltd. Pinnacle Associates Ltd. Lowers Position in Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. (CALM) Pinnacle Associates Ltd. Decreases Position in Eversource Energy (ES) Pinnacle Associates Ltd. Has $4,097,000 Stake in TotalFinaElf, S.A. (TOT) Avis Budget Group, Inc. (CAR) Issues Earnings Results Teton Advisors Inc. Lowers Position in Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) United Financial Bancorp, Inc. (UBNK) Position Increased by Teton Advisors Inc. Headwaters Incorporated (HW) Stake Maintained by Teton Advisors Inc. Federated Investors Inc. PA Has $33,829,000 Stake in Sun Life Financial Inc. (SLF) Federated Investors Inc. PA Increases Stake in Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Cortina Asset Management LLC Has $11,010,000 Stake in Boingo Wireless, Inc. (WIFI) Ardevora Asset Management LLP Buys Shares of 442,900 Nucor Corporation (NUE) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Reduces Stake in Astrazeneca PLC (AZN) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Sells 2,880 Shares of CSG Systems International, Inc. (CSGS) Wolters Kluwer (WTKWY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold SunPower Corporation (SPWR) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.19 EPS FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Hydro One Ltd Issued By National Bank Financial (H) National Bank of Canada (NA) Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $5.15 Per Share Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC Takes Position in WEC Energy Group, Inc. (WEC) February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 326,199 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,533,000. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in WEC. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in WEC Energy Group by 8.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 10,974,689 shares of the company’s stock worth $657,164,000 after buying an additional 810,307 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in WEC Energy Group by 2.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 8,752,626 shares of the company’s stock worth $524,107,000 after buying an additional 242,052 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in WEC Energy Group by 18.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,404,299 shares of the company’s stock worth $323,609,000 after buying an additional 837,177 shares in the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its stake in WEC Energy Group by 1.2% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 3,389,544 shares of the company’s stock worth $202,966,000 after buying an additional 38,917 shares in the last quarter. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in WEC Energy Group by 32.0% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 3,326,564 shares of the company’s stock worth $199,195,000 after buying an additional 806,429 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 69.55% of the company’s stock. WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC) traded down 0.16% on Monday, hitting $57.45. The stock had a trading volume of 63,113 shares. The stock has a market cap of $18.13 billion, a PE ratio of 19.41 and a beta of 0.06. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $58.36 and its 200-day moving average price is $59.05. WEC Energy Group, Inc. has a 12 month low of $53.66 and a 12 month high of $66.10. WEC Energy Group (NYSE:WEC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.61 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $1.96 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.85 billion. WEC Energy Group had a net margin of 12.58% and a return on equity of 10.63%. WEC Energy Group’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.63 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that WEC Energy Group, Inc. will post $3.10 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 14th will be issued a dividend of $0.52 per share. This represents a $2.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.61%. This is a positive change from WEC Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.50. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 10th. WEC Energy Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 70.51%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/piedmont-investment-advisors-llc-takes-position-in-wec-energy-group-inc-wec.html. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded WEC Energy Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Wolfe Research downgraded WEC Energy Group from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Mizuho downgraded WEC Energy Group from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $63.00 to $59.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Guggenheim began coverage on WEC Energy Group in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $63.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, KeyCorp restated a “hold” rating on shares of WEC Energy Group in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $63.00. In related news, insider Allen L. Leverett sold 29,715 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $58.32, for a total transaction of $1,732,978.80. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 78,247 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,563,365.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 0.81% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. WEC Energy Group Company Profile WEC Energy Group, Inc, formerly Wisconsin Energy Corporation, is a holding company, which has electric and natural gas utility operations. The Company’s segments are Wisconsin, Illinois, other states, electric transmission, We Power, and corporate and other. The Company’s Wisconsin segment includes the electric and natural gas utility, and non-utility operations of Wisconsin Electric Power Company (Wisconsin Electric), Wisconsin Gas LLC (Wisconsin Gas) and Wisconsin Public Service Corporation (WPS), including Wisconsin Electric’s electric and WPS’s electric and natural gas operations in the state of Michigan. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WEC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC). Receive News & Ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan's head IPO banker on what to expect in 2017 Portia Crowe Feb. 13, 2017, 9:11 AM 5,539 facebook linkedin twitter email print JPMorgan JPMorgan's head of global equity capital markets, Liz Myers, can name a bunch of reasons 2017 could see a strong rebound in initial-public-offering activity around the world. Myers, whose team topped league tables for equity capital markets revenue in 2016 as well as IPO volume share in 2016 and year-to-date, did just that in an interview with Business Insider earlier this month. "We're seeing quite a sentiment reversal in the IPO market this year, particularly in the US, where January marked the best start to the year since 2014," Myers said. While 2016 saw fewer than 100 IPOs in the US, she said a typical year would see as many as twice that number. She expects to see a more active market in 2017. "Both issuers and investors are approaching the market more constructively this year," she said. "Combined with a pro-growth backdrop, we expect to see a notable increase in IPO volumes this year." Twelve deals have priced in the US in 2017. Myers walked through numerous sectors, from industrials to financials to tech, and laid out her expectations. She also said we could expect to see more cross-border activity this year, with foreign companies choosing to list in the US. Here is what's on Myers' mind. A strong start Of the companies that did go public in 2016, more than 70% are trading up right now, Myers said. That's up from 52% around this time last year. "This aftermarket momentum reinforces positive investor sentiment toward the 2017 IPO class," she said. "Follow-on offerings also tend to increase in number and size when valuations trend positively post-IPO." For private-equity or venture-capitalist backers, that offers the chance to sell down their stakes. Also, of the nine deals that priced last month, two priced above their ranges and two priced at the top of their ranges. There were no IPOs in January of last year to compare with, but two of the six IPOs to price in the whole first quarter of 2016 were below range, Myers said. Healthcare, industrials, and tech Though only nine deals priced in January, the breadth of sectors they fell under was a positive sign, Myers said. Those include energy, industrials, healthcare, and special acquisition companies, or Spacs. Industrials are seeing a tailwind as markets anticipate accelerated growth and infrastructure stimulus spending, she said. Exploration-and-production companies in particular are seeing enthusiasm, especially oil-field services companies. That's because, as oil prices rise, exploration-and-production companies begin to drill again, which means revenues start to increase because they once again have customers. Andrew Burton/Getty Images (Several oil-field services companies are making the most of the rotation out of other industries and into energy by filing under a special Securities and Exchange Commission rule, 144A, which is an exemption from the typical SEC registration requirements that allows companies to sell shares more quickly.) In technology, Myers said she expected to see a continuation of activity in software and internet. She also expects to see healthcare deals as areas like cancer therapy continue to be well-received. While last year saw a broad mix across sectors as well, the biggest difference Myers expects to see this year is more activity in financials — in both banking and insurance. 'A more hospitable landscape' In terms of the broader economic backdrop, Myers laid out three reasons for the current bullishness in the markets: infrastructure spending, broader fiscal stimulus, and deregulation. One offset might be the impact of rising interest rates, which are generally viewed by the market as more of a headwind but which will at least benefit the financial sector. "Financial-sector issuers are seeing meaningful valuation uplifts from the expectation of better margins in a higher rate environment," Myers said. Brexit supporters. Thomson Reuters Another important factor: This year is unlikely to be punctuated by any significant political catalysts as last year was. "The uncertainties around Brexit and the US election slowed new issuance momentum in certain months in 2016," Myers said. While the markets rebounded quickly from the Brexit vote in the UK, and US President Donald Trump's election has been followed by a strong market run, it was the period leading up to those two events that saw IPOs getting put on hold, Myers said. Even rumors and poll numbers suggesting the possibility of a Brexit outcome in the weeks leading up to that June vote were enough for European issuers to sit on the sidelines. "This year we see a more hospitable landscape with the absence of such catalysts and a constructive, pro-growth economic backdrop," she said. Investor interest Investor sentiment has been strong this year, Myers said, from both mutual funds and hedge funds. They are not weighed down by concerns about performance at the beginning of the year the way they are near the end of the year. Most active managers did not meet their benchmark indexes in 2016 and so at the end of the year were hesitant to take any risk on a higher-volatility asset class like the IPO market. "Early in the year, investors tend to be more open-minded about new deals and can have more flexibility to take on risk," she said. Jose Cuervo priced its initial public offering in Mexico last week. A contestant on the Barrel Roll during the CuervoGames on June 18, 2011 in Tampa, FL. But she said a variety of factors, not just investor demand, would be driving the IPO market in 2017. In financials, for example, it's valuation. "It has become more logical to monetize holdings or raise primary capital in the sector when valuations are trending back to normalized or historical levels," she said. In industrials, she said, "Investors are looking for ways to increase exposure to companies that could benefit from an infrastructure spending lift." And in technology, she said, it's both supply and demand. Certainly, the continued demand for software and internet is helping encourage issuers to come forward. But issuers who have formerly raised capital in the private markets are now able to do so at attractive valuations in the public markets, too. One area to watch Myers covers IPOs around the world, and one market where her team has been active is Latin America. "We have seen six equity offerings price in Latin America this year raising just over $3 billion," she said. "To put the year in context — the last two years we saw $11 billion and $10 billion respectively raised — so this amounts to approximately one-third of the proceeds raised in each of the last two years." JPMorgan was on four of those deals. 4 of 5 LATAM IPOs in 2017 priced so far this week, including the largest debut $CUERVO, raising $786m pic.twitter.com/DeLfRFjAm5 — Dealogic (@Dealogic) February 10, 2017 Jose Cuervo and the cement company Grupo Cementos de Chihuahua priced their IPOs last week, listing on the Mexican stock exchange. JPMorgan was global coordinator for both companies. Jose Cuervo's $908 million deal is the largest in Mexico since October 2013, according to Ipreo Capital Markets. In Brazil, JPMorgan was a bookrunner for the healthcare company Instituto Hermes Pardini, which also priced in February. "There's heightened enthusiasm around emerging markets this year," Myers said. SEE ALSO: Snap files for its IPO, revealing surging sales growth and huge losses NOW WATCH: Harvard economist Rogoff explains why he is so optimistic about the economy under President Trump Loading video... More: IPOs Initial Public Offering JPMorgan Liz Myers facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan's head IPO banker on what to expect in 2017 JPMorgan's head IPO banker on what to expect in 2017 JPMorgan's head of global equity capital... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Caseys General Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caseys General Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Caseys General Stores, Inc. (CASY) Position Reduced by Sunnymeath Asset Management Inc. February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sunnymeath Asset Management Inc. lowered its position in shares of Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY) by 7.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 8,300 shares of the company’s stock after selling 700 shares during the period. Caseys General Stores comprises approximately 1.7% of Sunnymeath Asset Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. Sunnymeath Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Caseys General Stores were worth $781,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CASY. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Caseys General Stores by 4.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,432,489 shares of the company’s stock worth $172,114,000 after buying an additional 58,661 shares in the last quarter. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in Caseys General Stores by 281.7% in the third quarter. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,239,978 shares of the company’s stock worth $153,090,000 after buying an additional 915,147 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Caseys General Stores by 16.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,160,833 shares of the company’s stock worth $139,475,000 after buying an additional 160,395 shares during the last quarter. Chilton Investment Co. LLC boosted its position in Caseys General Stores by 35.0% in the third quarter. Chilton Investment Co. LLC now owns 998,841 shares of the company’s stock worth $120,011,000 after buying an additional 258,818 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Northern Trust Corp boosted its position in Caseys General Stores by 1.1% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 647,864 shares of the company’s stock worth $77,841,000 after buying an additional 6,836 shares during the last quarter. 90.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY) opened at 120.34 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $116.78 and a 200-day moving average price of $121.43. Caseys General Stores, Inc. has a 52-week low of $98.80 and a 52-week high of $136.22. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.72 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.69 and a beta of 0.46. Caseys General Stores (NASDAQ:CASY) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, December 7th. The company reported $1.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.59 by $0.15. Caseys General Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 18.75%. The company earned $1.92 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.94 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $2.00 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down .2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Caseys General Stores, Inc. will post $5.26 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 1st will be given a $0.24 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, January 30th. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.80%. Caseys General Stores’s payout ratio is 18.11%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Caseys General Stores, Inc. (CASY) Position Reduced by Sunnymeath Asset Management Inc.” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/caseys-general-stores-inc-casy-position-reduced-by-sunnymeath-asset-management-inc.html. CASY has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut Caseys General Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $128.00 price target (down from $134.00) on shares of Caseys General Stores in a report on Tuesday, November 1st. RBC Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating on shares of Caseys General Stores in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Wells Fargo & Company cut Caseys General Stores to a “top pick” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets set a $115.00 target price on Caseys General Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Caseys General Stores presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $135.10. About Caseys General Stores Casey’s General Stores, Inc and its subsidiaries, operate convenience stores under the name Casey’s General Store in approximately 10 Midwestern states, in Iowa, Missouri, and Illinois. The Company also operates approximately two stores selling primarily tobacco products. The stores carry a range of food, including freshly prepared foods such as pizza, donuts, and sandwiches, beverages, tobacco products, health and beauty aids, automotive products and other nonfood items. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CASY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY). Receive News & Ratings for Caseys General Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caseys General Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lumentum Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lumentum Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Lumentum Holdings Inc. (LITE) Earns “Overweight” Rating from J P Morgan Chase & Co February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet J P Morgan Chase & Co restated their overweight rating on shares of Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LITE) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. LITE has been the subject of several other research reports. Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded shares of Lumentum Holdings from an outperform rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $45.00 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, November 7th. B. Riley restated a buy rating on shares of Lumentum Holdings in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Lumentum Holdings from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their target price on shares of Lumentum Holdings from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Finally, MKM Partners reiterated a buy rating on shares of Lumentum Holdings in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, eight have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $42.54. Lumentum Holdings (NASDAQ:LITE) opened at 47.45 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $2.87 billion, a PE ratio of 199.37 and a beta of 0.73. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $38.31 and its 200-day moving average is $37.89. Lumentum Holdings has a 12 month low of $20.80 and a 12 month high of $49.40. Lumentum Holdings (NASDAQ:LITE) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.57 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.06. The business earned $265 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $265.66 million. Lumentum Holdings had a net margin of 1.50% and a return on equity of 17.24%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 21.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.31 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Lumentum Holdings will post $2.13 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/lumentum-holdings-inc-lite-earns-overweight-rating-from-j-p-morgan-chase-co.html. In other Lumentum Holdings news, CEO Alan S. Lowe sold 1,093 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.50, for a total transaction of $44,266.50. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 148,162 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,000,561. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, CEO Alan S. Lowe sold 6,113 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.68, for a total transaction of $248,676.84. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 158,306 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,439,888.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 19,805 shares of company stock valued at $777,818 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.76% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of LITE. American Century Companies Inc. purchased a new stake in Lumentum Holdings during the second quarter worth approximately $354,000. Legal & General Group Plc raised its stake in Lumentum Holdings by 127.4% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 9,344 shares of the company’s stock worth $224,000 after buying an additional 5,235 shares in the last quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY raised its stake in Lumentum Holdings by 2,579.0% in the second quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 36,569 shares of the company’s stock worth $885,000 after buying an additional 35,204 shares in the last quarter. Quentec Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Lumentum Holdings by 1,418.0% in the second quarter. Quentec Asset Management LLC now owns 880,525 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,308,000 after buying an additional 822,519 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rainier Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Lumentum Holdings by 51.5% in the second quarter. Rainier Investment Management LLC now owns 287,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,946,000 after buying an additional 97,560 shares in the last quarter. 84.16% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Lumentum Holdings Company Profile Lumentum Holdings Inc is a provider of optical and photonic products for a range of end market applications, including data communications (Datacom) and telecommunications (Telecom) networking and commercial lasers (commercial lasers) for manufacturing, inspection and life-science applications. The Company operates in two segments: Optical Communications (OpComms) and Commercial Lasers (Lasers). Receive News & Ratings for Lumentum Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lumentum Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 13 February 2017 Six things that may spoil global sugar surplus They include the return of El Nino and the policies of Trump LONDON: Counting on next season’s return to surplus to buy your sugar cheap? You may want to hedge your bets. While most analysts forecast supplies will exceed demand in the 2017-2018 season that starts in October for most countries, stockpiles will remain at historically low levels, “affording little latitude for under-performance in the major sugar producing countries,” according to Sean Diffley, head of sugar and ethanol at Tropical Research Services, which advises hedge funds. With more than eight months to go, a lot could still go wrong to wipe out the 1 million to 3 million tonne surplus range forecast by analysts including TRS, F.O. Licht GmbH and Kingsman SA, a unit of S&P Global Platts. From the return of El Nino to the continuation of Indian imports and even the policies of US President Donald Trump, here are six key concerns that participants at the Dubai Sugar Conference say could spoil the bearish party. El Nino Less than a year after the end of one of the strongest El Ninos on record, bringing dry weather and havoc to crops in Asia, meteorologists are already forecasting its return. Climate models suggest neutral conditions or El Nino are the most likely scenarios for the southern hemisphere winter-spring period, Australia’s Bureau of Meteorology said last month. The odds that the weather pattern would form by the end of the year are now 50%, up from a previous rating of 36%, the US Climate Prediction Centre said. “The models are suggesting that El Nino may resurface in the second half of 2017,” said Tracey Allen, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co in London. “There are wide expectations that Asian sugar production will normalise this year and that’s really very much dependent on the monsoon. That’s also a pivotal point for sugar production and potentially the transition to a more neutral to surplus balance going forward in the 2017-18 season.” Indian rebound Bears are counting on the rebound of production in Asia. But the scale of the recovery in India is still uncertain, said Gareth Forber, head of sugar research at LMC International. That’s because water scarcity last summer in the state of Maharashtra has limited plantings of cane that will be harvested 18 months later. “Secondly, water is still a problem in Karnataka so production may not rebound in this part of the country,” he said. Another factor that may trump the bears could be Indian imports. The South Asian nation may continue to bring in sugar in the 2017-2018 season to help replenish tight stockpiles, said Tom Secretan, an analyst at London-based commodities trader ED&F Man Holdings Ltd. Talking of Trump Traders attending the conference fear that Mexico may end up with a lot more sugar than expected. That’s because President Trump is seeking a review of the North American Free Trade Agreement, which allows Mexican sugar to flow into the US. Higher Mexican supply, a delay in Indian imports and a faster pace of harvesting in Central America already mean that trade flows will have been roughly in balance in the first three months of the year, according to TRS estimates. “Trade relations between Mexico and the US continue to deteriorate, raising the probability of a greater quantity of surplus Mexico sugar coming to the world market earlier,” Diffley said. Counting on EU Traders are counting on a rebound in European Union production as a system of quotas end on Sept 30. Kingsman sees output rising 14% to 19.3 million tonnes. Suedzucker AG, the bloc’s largest producer, said in an interview at the end of last year that production could reach as much as 20 million tonnes. While prices that rallied 28% in New York last year, the most since 2009, bring every incentive for growers to boost sowings, beets that will be planted for next season aren’t even on the ground yet. China imports Chinese imports could surprise to the upside, said Jonathan Drake, chief operating officer of RCMA Commodities Asia Pte Ltd and former head of sugar at Cargill Inc. The nation already surprised traders last year, bringing in 3.7 million tonne of white sugar, he said. “Everyone underestimated China last year,” Drake said. “It’s hugely profitableto import into China.” Brazilian real Lastly in Brazil, the currency in the world’s largest producer is getting stronger, potentially reducing the incentive for millers to sell, and raising the price level at which they favour ethanol over sugar production. The real gained 22% last year, the most since 2009, and has advanced another 4.4% this year. “My view is that we could very well see a similar sugar mix in 2017-2018 but that’s based on expected strength in crude oil prices, and the potential for domestic gasoline prices to continue to rise in line with world market prices,” JPMorgan’s Allen said. “The strength in the real more recently is also a very interesting factor going forward because most anticipated a slightly weaker foreign-exchange rate than where we are today.” — Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Bearish , sugar , cheap , surplus Related Stories Related Stories Double whammy for F&B companies Tencent drags Hang Seng down Rabobank: Asian F&B margins at risk due to higher sugar prices Sugar producer MSM's net profit down on raw materials Sugar producer MSM’s profit hit by higher costs, weaker currency You May Be Interested Food prices soaring in drought-hit East Africa Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Trading ideas: Heineken, Boustead, Gas Malaysia, RCE Capital, DNex, ECS ICT I-Bhd records stronger FY16 earnings, unbilled sales of RM578m From Underdogs to Overheated: Chinese Banking Stocks Are Surging Malaysian palm oil price rebounds from near three-month low on positive export data Others Also Read Man United will give Europa tilt full focus, says Mourinho Stand up to cancer Genting Highlands to house country‘s second Premium Outlet Property Related advertisement Latest News DBS profit slumps to two-year low on oil and gas bad debts Maybank Indonesia posts record earnings in FY16 Food prices soaring in drought-hit East Africa Logistics expected to make up 8-10% of Vietnam's GDP by 2025 I-Bhd records stronger FY16 earnings, unbilled sales of RM578m Most Viewed in Business Consortium appointed to oversee KL-Singapore High Speed Rail DRB-Hicom pulls out of large scale PV plant job in Tanjung Malim Property market to remain subdued up to 18 months Aeon Big embarks on new business strategy Malaysia's economy records 4.5% growth in Q4 of 2016 Food prices soaring in drought-hit East Africa Auto firms to submit final proposals to Proton I-Bhd records stronger FY16 earnings, unbilled sales of RM578m Sime IPOs this year? Bank of England testing palm and coconut oils to make new bank notes after protests for using animal-fat advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dupont Fabros Technology Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dupont Fabros Technology Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nicholas Investment Partners LP Invests $4,003,000 in Herc Holdings Inc. (HRI) 229,850 Shares in Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) Acquired by Nicholas Investment Partners LP Nicholas Investment Partners LP Purchases New Position in Granite Construction Incorporated (GVA) Nicholas Investment Partners LP Raises Stake in J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Stake Decreased by GRT Capital Partners L.L.C. Federated Investors, Inc. (FII) Shares Sold by GRT Capital Partners L.L.C. Marriott International (MAR) Shares Sold by Renaissance Group LLC Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Position Increased by Renaissance Group LLC Societe Generale SA (GLE) PT Set at €53.00 by HSBC Holdings plc Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) Given a €100.00 Price Target at S&P Global The Ensign Group, Inc. (ENSG) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research 424,189 Shares in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Acquired by Investec Asset Management LTD Investec Asset Management PTY Ltd Cuts Stake in Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Investec Asset Management LTD Invests $6,248,000 in Alleghany Corporation (Y) Jazz Resources Inc (JZR) Insider Kirk Edward Fisher Acquires 500,000 Shares of Stock Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Insider Jonathan Baliff Buys 1,400 Shares of Stock First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) Director Stephen Reid Acquires 5,000 Shares Goldcorp Inc. Expected to Earn FY2016 Earnings of $0.26 Per Share (G) Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) Now Covered by Lake Street Capital Post Properties Inc (PPS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Jane Street Group LLC Has $482,000 Stake in Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Jane Street Group LLC lowered its stake in Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc. (NYSE:DFT) by 74.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 11,686 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 33,852 shares during the period. Jane Street Group LLC’s holdings in Dupont Fabros Technology were worth $482,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Cohen & Steers Inc. increased its stake in shares of Dupont Fabros Technology by 77.8% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 6,736,296 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $320,244,000 after buying an additional 2,947,661 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in shares of Dupont Fabros Technology by 424.9% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 806,705 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $33,276,000 after buying an additional 653,009 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in shares of Dupont Fabros Technology by 42.8% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 1,256,974 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $51,692,000 after buying an additional 376,624 shares in the last quarter. Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC increased its stake in shares of Dupont Fabros Technology by 13.1% in the third quarter. Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC now owns 3,232,172 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $133,327,000 after buying an additional 373,443 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Dupont Fabros Technology by 43.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 991,539 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $40,900,000 after buying an additional 300,998 shares in the last quarter. Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc. (NYSE:DFT) traded up 1.29% on Friday, hitting $49.64. 513,315 shares of the stock were exchanged. Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc. has a 1-year low of $33.26 and a 1-year high of $49.64. The company has a market capitalization of $3.73 billion, a PE ratio of 359.71 and a beta of 0.63. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $46.92 and a 200 day moving average price of $43.55. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 17th. Investors of record on Friday, December 30th were paid a $0.50 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.03%. This is a positive change from Dupont Fabros Technology’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.47. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/jane-street-group-llc-has-482000-stake-in-dupont-fabros-technology-inc-dft.html. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on DFT. Royal Bank Of Canada raised Dupont Fabros Technology from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price target for the company from $48.00 to $49.00 in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Citigroup Inc. raised Dupont Fabros Technology from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $42.50 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Dupont Fabros Technology from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 18th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $50.00 target price (down previously from $52.00) on shares of Dupont Fabros Technology in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Guggenheim began coverage on shares of Dupont Fabros Technology in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. Dupont Fabros Technology has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $47.12. In other Dupont Fabros Technology news, CFO Jeffrey H. Foster sold 5,767 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.62, for a total transaction of $245,789.54. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 10,960 shares in the company, valued at approximately $467,115.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Thomas D. Eckert bought 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were acquired at an average price of $39.72 per share, for a total transaction of $198,600.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 36,309 shares in the company, valued at $1,442,193.48. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 5.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Dupont Fabros Technology Company Profile DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc (DFT) is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is a self-administered and self-managed company that owns, acquires, develops and operates wholesale data centers. The Company’s customers outsource their applications, and include national and international enterprises across various industries, such as technology, Internet content providers, media, communications, cloud providers, healthcare and financial services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DFT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc. (NYSE:DFT). Receive News & Ratings for Dupont Fabros Technology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dupont Fabros Technology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Republic Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Republic Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Position Held by Ruffer LLP February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ruffer LLP continued to hold its stake in shares of Republic Services, Inc. (NYSE:RSG) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 12,200 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Ruffer LLP’s holdings in Republic Services were worth $700,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Republic Services by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11,148,177 shares of the company’s stock worth $636,034,000 after buying an additional 557,097 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Republic Services by 2.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 7,272,292 shares of the company’s stock worth $366,887,000 after buying an additional 198,078 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Republic Services by 27.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,622,021 shares of the company’s stock worth $283,630,000 after buying an additional 1,198,570 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Republic Services by 13.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,625,590 shares of the company’s stock worth $182,911,000 after buying an additional 429,099 shares during the last quarter. Finally, AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Republic Services by 24.2% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 3,247,368 shares of the company’s stock worth $166,622,000 after buying an additional 631,716 shares during the last quarter. 61.53% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Republic Services, Inc. (NYSE:RSG) traded up 0.17% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $57.96. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,154,917 shares. Republic Services, Inc. has a 52 week low of $44.26 and a 52 week high of $58.35. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $57.29 and a 200 day moving average of $53.42. The firm has a market capitalization of $19.70 billion, a PE ratio of 33.70 and a beta of 0.59. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/republic-services-inc-rsg-position-held-by-ruffer-llp.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on RSG shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Republic Services from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. Deutsche Bank AG lowered Republic Services from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $108.00 to $112.00 in a research note on Saturday, October 22nd. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) started coverage on Republic Services in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $52.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Republic Services in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $58.80. About Republic Services Republic Services, Inc is a provider of non-hazardous solid waste collection, transfer, disposal, recycling and energy services in the United States. The Company operates through three segments: East, Central and West. The Company operates in over 40 states and Puerto Rico through approximately 340 collection operations, over 200 transfer stations, over 190 active landfills, approximately 70 recycling centers, approximately 10 treatment, recovery and disposal facilities, and over 10 salt water disposal wells. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RSG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Republic Services, Inc. (NYSE:RSG). Receive News & Ratings for Republic Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Republic Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WEC Energy Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Fifth Third Bancorp Continues to Hold Stake in WEC Energy Group, Inc. (WEC) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fifth Third Bancorp continued to hold its position in shares of WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 120,364 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Fifth Third Bancorp’s holdings in WEC Energy Group were worth $7,207,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 8.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 10,974,689 shares of the company’s stock worth $657,164,000 after buying an additional 810,307 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 2.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 8,752,626 shares of the company’s stock worth $524,107,000 after buying an additional 242,052 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 18.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,404,299 shares of the company’s stock worth $323,609,000 after buying an additional 837,177 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 1.2% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 3,389,544 shares of the company’s stock worth $202,966,000 after buying an additional 38,917 shares during the period. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 32.0% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 3,326,564 shares of the company’s stock worth $199,195,000 after buying an additional 806,429 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 69.48% of the company’s stock. Shares of WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC) traded up 0.19% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $57.54. The company had a trading volume of 1,974,190 shares. WEC Energy Group, Inc. has a 12 month low of $53.66 and a 12 month high of $66.10. The company has a market cap of $18.16 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.44 and a beta of 0.06. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $58.36 and its 200-day moving average price is $59.05. WEC Energy Group (NYSE:WEC) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.61 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.01. WEC Energy Group had a net margin of 12.58% and a return on equity of 10.63%. The business earned $1.96 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.85 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.63 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that WEC Energy Group, Inc. will post $3.10 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, February 14th will be given a $0.52 dividend. This represents a $2.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.61%. This is a positive change from WEC Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.50. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, February 10th. WEC Energy Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently 67.12%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Fifth Third Bancorp Continues to Hold Stake in WEC Energy Group, Inc. (WEC)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/fifth-third-bancorp-continues-to-hold-stake-in-wec-energy-group-inc-wec.html. WEC has been the topic of a number of research reports. KeyCorp restated a “hold” rating on shares of WEC Energy Group in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of WEC Energy Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, October 19th. Guggenheim initiated coverage on shares of WEC Energy Group in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $63.00 target price on the stock. Wolfe Research lowered shares of WEC Energy Group from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Mizuho lowered shares of WEC Energy Group from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $63.00 to $59.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $63.00. In other WEC Energy Group news, insider Allen L. Leverett sold 29,715 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $58.32, for a total value of $1,732,978.80. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 78,247 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,563,365.04. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 0.81% of the company’s stock. WEC Energy Group Company Profile WEC Energy Group, Inc, formerly Wisconsin Energy Corporation, is a holding company, which has electric and natural gas utility operations. The Company’s segments are Wisconsin, Illinois, other states, electric transmission, We Power, and corporate and other. The Company’s Wisconsin segment includes the electric and natural gas utility, and non-utility operations of Wisconsin Electric Power Company (Wisconsin Electric), Wisconsin Gas LLC (Wisconsin Gas) and Wisconsin Public Service Corporation (WPS), including Wisconsin Electric’s electric and WPS’s electric and natural gas operations in the state of Michigan. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WEC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC). Receive News & Ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Caseys General Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caseys General Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Chilton Investment Co. LLC Has $120,011,000 Stake in Caseys General Stores, Inc. (CASY) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Chilton Investment Co. LLC raised its stake in Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY) by 35.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 998,841 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 258,818 shares during the period. Caseys General Stores comprises approximately 4.7% of Chilton Investment Co. LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Chilton Investment Co. LLC owned 2.55% of Caseys General Stores worth $120,011,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Caseys General Stores by 281.7% in the third quarter. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,239,978 shares of the company’s stock valued at $153,090,000 after buying an additional 915,147 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Caseys General Stores by 4,466.1% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 639,991 shares of the company’s stock valued at $76,895,000 after buying an additional 625,975 shares in the last quarter. SPF Beheer BV acquired a new stake in shares of Caseys General Stores during the third quarter valued at $26,275,000. Scout Investments Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Caseys General Stores by 270.3% in the second quarter. Scout Investments Inc. now owns 222,493 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,260,000 after buying an additional 162,416 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Caseys General Stores by 16.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,160,833 shares of the company’s stock valued at $139,475,000 after buying an additional 160,395 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 86.19% of the company’s stock. Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY) opened at 120.34 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $116.78 and a 200-day moving average of $121.43. The company has a market capitalization of $4.72 billion, a PE ratio of 22.69 and a beta of 0.46. Caseys General Stores, Inc. has a 12-month low of $98.80 and a 12-month high of $136.22. Caseys General Stores (NASDAQ:CASY) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, December 7th. The company reported $1.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.59 by $0.15. Caseys General Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 18.75%. The business had revenue of $1.92 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.94 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $2.00 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Caseys General Stores, Inc. will post $5.26 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, February 1st will be issued a $0.24 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, January 30th. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.80%. Caseys General Stores’s payout ratio is currently 18.11%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/chilton-investment-co-llc-has-120011000-stake-in-caseys-general-stores-inc-casy.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on CASY shares. BMO Capital Markets set a $115.00 price target on shares of Caseys General Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Caseys General Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 19th. Wells Fargo & Company cut shares of Caseys General Stores to a “top pick” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Caseys General Stores in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $128.00 price objective (down previously from $134.00) on shares of Caseys General Stores in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Caseys General Stores presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $135.10. Caseys General Stores Company Profile Casey’s General Stores, Inc and its subsidiaries, operate convenience stores under the name Casey’s General Store in approximately 10 Midwestern states, in Iowa, Missouri, and Illinois. The Company also operates approximately two stores selling primarily tobacco products. The stores carry a range of food, including freshly prepared foods such as pizza, donuts, and sandwiches, beverages, tobacco products, health and beauty aids, automotive products and other nonfood items. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CASY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY). Receive News & Ratings for Caseys General Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caseys General Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Guaranty Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guaranty Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co EJF Capital LLC Increases Stake in Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet EJF Capital LLC raised its position in Guaranty Bancorp (NASDAQ:GBNK) by 34.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 913,788 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 234,547 shares during the period. Guaranty Bancorp comprises 1.3% of EJF Capital LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 22nd largest position. EJF Capital LLC’s holdings in Guaranty Bancorp were worth $16,311,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in GBNK. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC acquired a new position in Guaranty Bancorp during the third quarter worth approximately $478,000. First Trust Advisors LP increased its position in Guaranty Bancorp by 0.9% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 28,666 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $512,000 after buying an additional 267 shares during the last quarter. RMB Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Guaranty Bancorp during the third quarter worth approximately $1,710,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Guaranty Bancorp by 37.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 120,025 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,004,000 after buying an additional 32,875 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Castine Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Guaranty Bancorp during the second quarter worth approximately $2,543,000. 63.03% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Guaranty Bancorp (NASDAQ:GBNK) opened at 24.25 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $674.64 million, a P/E ratio of 23.10 and a beta of 1.12. The company’s 50-day moving average is $24.30 and its 200 day moving average is $20.23. Guaranty Bancorp has a one year low of $14.19 and a one year high of $25.20. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 28th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, February 21st will be given a dividend of $0.125 per share. This is a positive change from Guaranty Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.12. This represents a $0.50 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.06%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 16th. Guaranty Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio is 44.23%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “EJF Capital LLC Increases Stake in Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/ejf-capital-llc-increases-stake-in-guaranty-bancorp-gbnk.html. GBNK has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Sandler O’Neill raised shares of Guaranty Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Guaranty Bancorp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, FIG Partners downgraded shares of Guaranty Bancorp from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $19.00. In other Guaranty Bancorp news, EVP Christopher E. Erickson sold 1,875 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.00, for a total transaction of $45,000.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 22,435 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $538,440. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director W Kirk Wycoff sold 1,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.76, for a total transaction of $20,760,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 2,139,946 shares of company stock worth $44,492,014 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 31.93% of the company’s stock. Guaranty Bancorp Company Profile Guaranty Bancorp is the bank holding for Guaranty Bank and Trust Company (the Bank). The Company’s segment is banking. The Company operates approximately 30 branches and over two investment management firms, including Private Capital Management LLC (PCM) and Cherry Hills Investment Advisors Inc (CHIA), in Colorado through the Bank. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GBNK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Guaranty Bancorp (NASDAQ:GBNK). Receive News & Ratings for Guaranty Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guaranty Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds Commentary NewsFeed 6,578 194 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA State, national columnists President’s ‘princelings’ cross the line By Jennifer Rubin From page A8 | February 12, 2017 In response to the president’s unprecedented attack on a company declining to do business with a family member, Nordstrom’s answered President Donald Trump’s accusation that it was treating Ivanka Trump unfairly. “To reiterate what we’ve already shared when asked, we made this decision based on performance,” the company said in a statement. “Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now.” In other words, customers are just not into Ivanka. National Retail Federation President and CEO Matthew Shay, in a conference call with reporters Wednesday, gave a measured response. “What we are all seeing is that we’re living in a world with a different kind of chief executive in the White House,” he said. “It’s someone who communicates directly and forcefully and has a strong opinion on issues. We are learning, all of us, I think, how to work in that environment.” That’s one way of putting it. Another is that the president and his aides are inviting corruption. Had any federal employee, including a Cabinet official, done what Trump did, he or she would have run afoul of federal ethics regulations, specifically, Title 5, Section 2635.702: “An employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity, including nonprofit organizations of which the employee is an officer or member, and persons with whom the employee has or seeks employment or business relations. . . . An employee shall not use or permit the use of his government position or title or any authority associated with his public office in a manner that is intended to coerce or induce another person, including a subordinate, to provide any benefit, financial or otherwise, to himself or to friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity.” This is garden-variety corruption, of the type we deplore in kleptocratic regimes around the country. Likewise, if an American company consented to hire or do business with a foreign leader’s children in order to grease the skids for business dealings or avoid government retribution it would be a violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. As the Financial Times reported recently: “JPMorgan has agreed to pay $264 (million) to settle a U.S. probe into its practice of hiring well-connected Chinese ‘princelings’ to win business. . . . ” ‘JPMorgan engaged in a systematic bribery scheme by hiring children of government officials and other favored referrals who were typically unqualified for the positions,’ said Andrew Ceresney, director of the SEC’s enforcement division. ‘JPMorgan employees knew the firm was potentially violating the FCPA yet persisted with the improper hiring program because the business rewards and new deals were deemed too lucrative.’ ” The White House (falsely) keeps insisting the president cannot have conflicts of interest, neglecting the constitutional prohibition on receipt of monies from foreign governments. Nevertheless, Congress can and should close the gap in ethics laws given that this president refuses to divest himself of businesses and insists on using the power of his office (during the transition and currently) to benefit his family finances. Perhaps we need a presidential anti-corruption act that would make Title 5, Section 2635.702 applicable to the president and vice president. In any event, both spokesman Sean Spicer’s derogatory comments (an attempt to “coerce”) and counselor Kellyanne Conway, who directly hawked Ivanka’s line (“I fully – I’m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online.”), seem to run afoul of existing ethics laws and should be held accountable. There may be other legal avenues as well. Ethics guru Norman Eisen of the Brookings Institution this week tweeted that there is a cause of action under California’s Unfair Competition law forbidding “any unfair business act.” Eisen told me Thursday, “The law has long recognized that when someone makes untrue statements about a business, and those statements cause harm, a cause of action lies. As it happens, California, which has a lot of Nordstrom’s stores, has one of the most generous laws in the nation in allowing a business to respond when it is the victim of unfair treatment.” He adds, “Interestingly, that law also allows the California attorney general or other public officials to bring an action as well. Nordstrom’s says the president and Mr. Spicer’s statements were not correct. . . . [T]his was a business decision that was made because Ivanka’s line was not selling, that there was nothing unfair or political about it.” Conveniently, former Democratic Rep. Xavier Becerra is now California’s state attorney general. Over to you, Mr. Becerra. Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Washington Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective. Jennifer Rubin Story Archive LEAVE A COMMENT Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | 35 comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Rick WoodFebruary 12, 2017 - 6:13 am OK, Trimp apologists, go. I mean, defend him, not attack the messenger.Reply | Report abusive comment Rick WoodFebruary 12, 2017 - 7:03 am *TrumpReply | Report abusive comment Mike KirchubelFebruary 12, 2017 - 7:28 am Trumpies have soooo much to apologize for. This is small potatoes. Trump's popularity is 41% and falling rapidly since January 25th. I wonder, what is the percentage of illiterates in this country?Reply | Report abusive comment Old CrowFebruary 12, 2017 - 7:46 am What percent of the country voted for him? Sadly, it seems to go deeper than that.Reply | Report abusive comment h110February 12, 2017 - 8:07 am mk...nsc..." I wonder, what is the percentage of illiterates in this country?" Should be easy for a person of your stature to figure out. Just count the registered democrats. Use this figure as a baseline.Reply | Report abusive comment Time for TruthFebruary 12, 2017 - 12:38 pm Kirchie, before you post such nonsense as you just did, do you knock your poo off of them first?Reply | Report abusive comment Mr. PracticalFebruary 13, 2017 - 7:51 am Mike, don't forget that you supported the only candidate he could have beat.Reply | Report abusive comment Kenneth RayburnFebruary 15, 2017 - 6:52 pm MP, Not the only candidate. Yours lost to him also. What is the point of your post? Is it just to attack Mike and seem like your being "Practical". You failed. These other deplorables' posts are expected.Reply | Report abusive comment Time for TruthFebruary 12, 2017 - 8:12 am Where's the article about Obama's 32,000 member strong subversive organization, the OFA? Obama, with massive funding, much from Soros no doubt, is using this "Organizing for America" Marxist terrorist structure to undermine and overthrow Trump's presidency. So there is active, well-funded and well-orchestrated subversion being administered by a former president, and all you're concerned with the a clothing line? Perhaps Jenny-poo is more part of the problem than part of the solution.Reply | Report abusive comment DroolbibFebruary 14, 2017 - 6:12 am You mean the Organization for Action? Those 32,000 people? That's a drop in the bucket compared to the Alex Jones, Breitbart, following morons who got so many like you convinced in the conspiracies. Like OFA being subversive, for example. It's hysterical. You can have Jones who is still claiming Sandy Hook never happened, which you all buy into as if gospel, but the opposite side can't form an organization promoting an alternative perspective. You understand why nobody believes anything you say? Tin foil.Reply | Report abusive comment Kenneth RayburnFebruary 15, 2017 - 7:19 pm Drool bib, Excellent post. I always hope my comments are so on point as this. TfT has anything but the truth to post in his comments and posts as if paid to do so.Reply | Report abusive comment This Election had a Wonderful ConsequenceFebruary 12, 2017 - 9:42 am I have no need to defend President Trump. He Won. His children are all successful business people. We voted for a Business Man. All of Trump's children are successful business people. President Trump. These next 8 years will be great.Reply | Report abusive comment DroolbibFebruary 14, 2017 - 6:14 am 250 days, impeached or imprisoned. Watch. It will be glorious.Reply | Report abusive comment Bob "The Owl" LivesayFebruary 12, 2017 - 10:10 am The Fairfield left leaning Socialist Progressives love articles like this. It gives them confidence that they are right and the Republicans are wrong. The Fairfield group is just another part of the anti President Trump group and their thoughts mean nothing. The do not produce them they search for negative thoughts and then chime in with name calling hatred. Try Mike and Rick. First to go all in with negative comments and name calling. . Mike directly. Rick not so much.Reply | Report abusive comment PeperoniFebruary 12, 2017 - 10:20 am Did accidentally you post you email address yesterday ?. You not so brainyReply | Report abusive comment JimboFebruary 14, 2017 - 9:32 am You mean the 70% MAJORITY. See last election results for proof. Poor whiny in a bubble you.Reply | Report abusive comment Another Democrat toadieFebruary 12, 2017 - 12:29 pm I'm sorry guys I missed today's DNC talking points memo so I need to get caught up. We are obligated to be angry at Trump, because like any loving father he put in a good word for his daughter, who he feels was wronged by a big bad corporation.......... Have I got that right? But on the other hand, we are not supposed to say anything about the $600,000 a year job NBC gave Chelsea Clinton, while Hillary was Secretary of State? I just want to be clear which side of my mouth I need to be speaking from Thanks for any added clarity on this.Reply | Report abusive comment Time for TruthFebruary 12, 2017 - 12:36 pm The next DNC memo to the faithful will be to call for Trump to go ahead and abort his kids. Sure the timing is off a bit... but it would show that Trump is trying to get along.Reply | Report abusive comment Tom ChalkFebruary 12, 2017 - 2:06 pm Toadie: Your comment has "crickets from the other side" written all over it. Or, you will be lambasted by the false "false equivalence" dectector. Lol! Both non-communication techniques are quite prevalent around here from the dark side. Lol!Reply | Report abusive comment Another Democrat toadieFebruary 12, 2017 - 9:06 pm Yeah, they really have nothing, yet they proclaim so much.Reply | Report abusive comment Rick WoodFebruary 13, 2017 - 8:43 am Tom: So far I have, in the Trump-defense category: 1. Trump is just being a good father. 2. We WANT a businessman, and if he exploits the presidency while in office for personal gain, well isn't that what a good businessman would do? 3. Crickets.Reply | Report abusive comment Kenneth RayburnFebruary 15, 2017 - 7:33 pm TC, Those examples that were listed were not publicly PROMOTED by HRC as Trump and Conway (the "Deflector-in-chief) just openly and proudly did. Apples and oranges are all you right wingers have when giving examples of supposedly similar actions by any previous Democratic Administrations. Well, not all you have, there is the abundance of easily debunked lies of right wing media, politicians, and, consequently, their purposely deluded followersReply | Report abusive comment ?February 12, 2017 - 4:48 pm Beware that meeting with Netanyahu?Reply | Report abusive comment The sampson option.... are we still under threat of preplanted Israeli explosives?February 12, 2017 - 4:54 pm The name of their "moving company" actually contained the word MOSSAD embedded inside. Moving Systems Incorporated. MOving SyStems IncorporAteD...MOSSADReply | Report abusive comment Google urban moving systems israel special opsFebruary 12, 2017 - 4:57 pm Samson option READ REVELATION IN THE BIBLEReply | Report abusive comment https://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/03/us/politics/the-cry-being-heard-around-washington-i-need-a-netanyahu-ticket.html?_r=0February 12, 2017 - 5:08 pm The horror of Babylon and the False prophet visit the evil congress of the US first beast and second beast England and US ??? Yes hot tickets to hellReply | Report abusive comment We need some TRUTH and we should leave Iran alone... stop the killingFebruary 12, 2017 - 5:43 pm When the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness that he hath committed, and doeth that which is lawful and right, he shall save his soul alive. Ezekiel, 18. 27Reply | Report abusive comment http://www.veteranstoday.com/2017/01/15/israel-gets-caught-orchestrating-world-war-again/February 12, 2017 - 6:06 pm Israel gets caught orchestrating world war—again veterans today .... and who orchestrated WW1 and WW2 at the root of it, the Rothschild bank network.Reply | Report abusive comment www.infowars,comFebruary 12, 2017 - 4:50 pm How now test On the LIVE Sunday, February 12 transmission of the Alex Jones Show, Trump (as usual) comes from attack on all sides, as forces both outside and within the Republican power structure work to undermine his "America First" agenda. ICE raids spike across the country, driving the seriousness of Trump's stance on illegal immigration, while the Ninth Circuit's stay seems destined for the Supreme Court. Meanwhile Sunday night's Grammy awards have been given the go ahead to bash Trump. You won't want to miss this weekend edition. ..... ???? another presidential assassination being planned?Reply | Report abusive comment JimboFebruary 14, 2017 - 9:34 am NO SANE PERSON READS ANY OF YOUR 'FAKE NEWS' POSTS. Apparently even you think your ilk is so dumb they need your help to find a very known website.Reply | Report abusive comment https://www.thenewamerican.com/economy/economics/item/20833-imf-the-new-global-fedFebruary 12, 2017 - 5:36 pm But imagine how much greater the wealth transfer will be if the globalist banking elites are able to transform the IMF into their “supersized” global Federal Reserve, with massive transfusions of dollars from the American taxpayers, unparalleled powers for creating money out of nothing — and bailouts without end, to the usual privileged players. The new “mandates” being proposed for the IMF are nothing short of astounding, and if the American people allow Congress to approve these powers for the IMF, we can expect nothing less than eventual total confiscation of all our treasure, as well as all our liberty. And yet, as monumental as the stakes are, and as imminent as this approaching danger now is, there is precious little coverage of it in either the “mainstream” or the “alternative” media........ google IMF BancorReply | Report abusive comment PornacFebruary 14, 2017 - 7:10 am Trump, well yeah he is making America Great Again.Reply | Report abusive comment JimboFebruary 14, 2017 - 9:35 am The only thing Trump has made great again is Saturday Night Live.Reply | Report abusive comment JimboFebruary 14, 2017 - 9:31 am And WHAT THE HELL IS UP WITH ERIC TRUMPS MOUTH? All that money and he doesn't fix that permanent look of a 'mouf breather'. He looks like what most people do if someone held a turd under their nose.Reply | Report abusive comment Recent Articles TVGrid Dems, GOP deliver blow to best low-income students Trump fails 2 tests of judgment, competence Trump-Russia connection warrants investigation Community Calendar: Feb. 16, 2017 Presidents Day comes at interesting time Video captured shooting that killed Chicago toddler Casting Oscar: Foundry creates each statuette as work of art Mystery witness once close friend of Durst and slain victim Pentagon boss to NATO nations: Increase military spending Suisun City police log, Feb. 14, 2017 Dems see disparity in handling of Clinton, Russia inquiries Texas splits with other states to defend Trump’s travel ban US 50 reopens at Lake Tahoe week after rock slides As thousands become citizens in Los Angeles, some talk Trump Concrete slab tilts on SF high-rise; 16 buildings evacuated Editorial cartoon: Feb. 16, 2017 I don’t know how, or if I really want to, fix relationship with daughter Horoscope: Feb. 16, 2017 Today in History: Feb. 16, 2017 Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 02-16-2017 Home Seller 02-11-2017 Stars and Stripes 2-9-17 Coupons and More 02/05/2017 Home Seller 02-04-2017 Stars and Stripes 02-02-17 Home Seller 01-28-2017 Stars and Stripes 01-26-2017 Home Seller 01-21-2017 Coupons and More: January 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Shop Local 2016 Local Cravings Menu Guide Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Women Making a Difference 2016 Readers’ Choice 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature How to Invest With Ackman, Loeb, and Einhorn at a Discount Publicly traded closed-end funds offer a chance to invest with high-profile hedge fund managers. By Andrew Bary Biography February 11, 2017 A pair of European-listed, closed-end funds offers individuals a cheap way to invest with prominent hedge-fund managers Bill Ackman and Daniel Loeb. These closed-ends, Ackman’s Pershing Square Holdings (ticker: PSH.Netherlands, ) and Loeb’s Third Point Offshore Investors (TPOU.UK), both trade at sizable discounts to net asset value. They offer other advantages as well, including daily liquidity and no investment minimums. The... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Could Groupon Challenge Amazon Again? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Rising Rates Be Damned: Real Estate Looks Good Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Is Apple Ditching Fingerprints for Facial Recognition? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Energy Stocks Are on Sale And on Verge of Breakouts Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. How Market Insiders Buy Stock at Discounts Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 The Most Powerful Tool for Building Wealth 2 Ford, GM, Ramp Up Pressure on Tesla 3 Invest in Hedge Funds at a Discount Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Massey Quick & Co. LLC Invests $113,000 in SUNCOKE ENERGY (SXCP) February 12, 2017 Robert V. Boyd Massey Quick & Co. LLC bought a new stake in shares of SUNCOKE ENERGY (NYSE:SXCP) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund bought 5,860 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $113,000. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Walleye Trading LLC increased its stake in SUNCOKE ENERGY by 107.1% in the second quarter. Walleye Trading LLC now owns 10,250 shares of the company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 5,300 shares during the last quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. purchased a new stake in SUNCOKE ENERGY during the second quarter valued at $142,000. Citadel Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in SUNCOKE ENERGY during the second quarter valued at $208,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in SUNCOKE ENERGY by 279.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 22,767 shares of the company’s stock valued at $246,000 after buying an additional 16,767 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Allianz Asset Management AG purchased a new stake in SUNCOKE ENERGY during the second quarter valued at $305,000. 12.43% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. SUNCOKE ENERGY (NYSE:SXCP) traded up 4.16% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $18.80. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 382,302 shares. SUNCOKE ENERGY has a 12 month low of $5.66 and a 12 month high of $21.95. The firm has a market capitalization of $868.80 million, a PE ratio of 9.40 and a beta of 1.32. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $19.87 and its 200-day moving average is $16.76. SXCP has been the subject of several analyst reports. FBR & Co upped their price objective on SUNCOKE ENERGY from $16.00 to $19.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded SUNCOKE ENERGY from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. SUNCOKE ENERGY Company Profile SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. is engaged primarily in producing coke used in the blast furnace production of steel. The Company also provides coal handling and/or mixing services at its Coal Logistics terminals. The Company’s segments include Domestic Coke, Coal Logistics, and Corporate and Other. Its Domestic Coke segment consists of the Haverhill Coke Company LLC, Middletown Coke Company, LLC and Gateway Energy and Coke Company, LLC cokemaking and heat recovery operations in Franklin Furnace, Ohio; Middletown, Ohio, and Granite City, Illinois, respectively. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SXCP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SUNCOKE ENERGY (NYSE:SXCP). Business Post navigation The Headinvest LLC Takes Position in Intuit Inc. (INTU) The 5,206 Shares in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Acquired by Massey Quick & Co. LLC Related posts February 16, 2017 Susan G. Crespo 0 The WEX Inc. (WEX) Shares Bought by Principal Financial Group Inc. Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in WEX Inc. (NYSE:WEX) by 3.5% during the third... February 16, 2017 Susan G. Crespo 0 The Employers Holdings Inc (EIG) Position Increased by Principal Financial Group Inc. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Employers Holdings Inc (NYSE:EIG) by 138.0%... February 16, 2017 Susan G. Crespo 0 The Riverhead Capital Management LLC Sells 64,006 Shares of Amsurg Corp. (AMSG) Riverhead Capital Management LLC cut its position in shares of Amsurg Corp. (NASDAQ:AMSG) by 96.7% during... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The WEX Inc. (WEX) Shares Bought by Principal Financial Group Inc. The Employers Holdings Inc (EIG) Position Increased by Principal Financial Group Inc. The Riverhead Capital Management LLC Sells 64,006 Shares of Amsurg Corp. (AMSG) The Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. (LNCE) Stake Lowered by Riverhead Capital Management LLC The Proofpoint’s (PFPT) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Wunderlich The Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. (LNCE) Stake Raised by Pacer Advisors Inc. The Riverhead Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Carter’s, Inc. (CRI) The Boeing Company (The)’s (BA) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity The Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Receives “Buy” Rating from Argus The Boeing Company (The) (BA) Receives Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC The Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Shares Sold by Pacer Advisors Inc. The Research Analysts’ Updated EPS Estimates for January, 29th (CA, CLS, CNCT, DLG, ESUR, GOOGL, IMG, JNPR, RDN, STLD) The AMI Investment Management Inc. Increases Position in United Technologies Corporation (UTX) The Dorsey & Whitney Trust CO LLC Has $925,000 Position in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) The Altria Group (MO) Stake Boosted by Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC The Bar Harbor Trust Services Purchases New Stake in CVS Health Corporation (CVS) The CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Shares Sold by Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC The Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Position Increased by Northern Trust Corp The Northern Trust Corp Boosts Stake in Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) The CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Shares Sold by Lipe & Dalton © DailyQuint.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: February 16, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Email Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Resolute Energy Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Resolute Energy Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (REGN) Given New $410.00 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein BNP Paribas Increases Vesuvius Plc (VSVS) Price Target to GBX 480 NetSol Technologies Inc. (NTWK) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.18 EPS Visa Inc. (V) Receives $93.35 Average Target Price from Analysts Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) to Issue $0.11 Quarterly Dividend Wunderlich Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Guess?, Inc. (GES) Devon Energy Corporation (DVN) Upgraded by Societe Generale to Buy Zendesk, Inc. (ZEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Mitchells & Butlers plc (MAB) Royal Bank Of Canada Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for CT Real Estate Investment Trust (CRT.UN) Mitchells & Butlers plc (MAB) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Mitchells & Butlers plc (MAB) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Stifel Nicolaus Raises DCP Midstream Partners, LP (DCP) Price Target to $47.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades YPF Sociedad Anonima (YPF) to Hold Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €112.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Noble Corporation Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (NE) Keyera Corp (KEY) Given “Sector Perform” Rating at Scotiabank Lancashire Holdings Limited’s (LRE) Add Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) a €107.50 Price Target Barrick Gold Corporation (ABX) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group GRT Capital Partners L.L.C. Cuts Position in Resolute Energy Corporation (REN) February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet GRT Capital Partners L.L.C. cut its stake in shares of Resolute Energy Corporation (NYSE:REN) by 30.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 597,435 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock after selling 260,031 shares during the period. Resolute Energy Corporation accounts for approximately 7.0% of GRT Capital Partners L.L.C.’s portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. GRT Capital Partners L.L.C.’s holdings in Resolute Energy Corporation were worth $24,608,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of REN. State Street Corp purchased a new position in shares of Resolute Energy Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at about $41,902,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. purchased a new position in shares of Resolute Energy Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $1,681,000. Spark Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Resolute Energy Corporation by 156.6% in the third quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC now owns 215,300 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $5,610,000 after buying an additional 131,400 shares in the last quarter. Penn Capital Management Co. Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Resolute Energy Corporation during the third quarter valued at about $3,482,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Resolute Energy Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at about $5,147,000. 46.06% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Resolute Energy Corporation (NYSE:REN) traded down 5.40% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $46.08. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 621,335 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $43.80 and its 200-day moving average price is $29.31. The firm’s market capitalization is $704.10 million. Resolute Energy Corporation has a 12 month low of $2.25 and a 12 month high of $48.86. This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/grt-capital-partners-l-l-c-cuts-position-in-resolute-energy-corporation-ren.html. REN has been the subject of several research reports. Capital One Financial Corporation raised Resolute Energy Corporation from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, December 19th. Vetr raised Resolute Energy Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $34.90 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, November 28th. Zacks Investment Research raised Resolute Energy Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $48.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Barclays PLC cut their price target on Resolute Energy Corporation to $32.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, KLR Group assumed coverage on Resolute Energy Corporation in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $45.00 price target for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Resolute Energy Corporation currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $40.88. In related news, Director Gary Hultquist purchased 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 30th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $40.70 per share, for a total transaction of $81,400.00. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Thomas O. Hicks, Jr. sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.05, for a total transaction of $400,500.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 26,000 shares of company stock worth $1,054,920 over the last three months. Insiders own 7.70% of the company’s stock. About Resolute Energy Corporation Resolute Energy Corporation is an independent oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploitation, development, exploration for and acquisition of oil and gas properties. Its properties are Aneth Field located in the Paradox Basin in southeast Utah (the Aneth Field Properties or Aneth Field), and the Permian Basin in Texas and southeast New Mexico (the Permian Properties or Permian Basin Properties). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding REN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Resolute Energy Corporation (NYSE:REN). Receive News & Ratings for Resolute Energy Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Resolute Energy Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Markets US stocks ride high to reach record finishes for third straight session Dow posts its 22nd record close since presidential election as S&P 500 and Nasdaq also climb. By Nicole Rojas February 13, 2017 23:27 GMT Close Co-op bank up for sale after turnaround stalled IBTimesUK/Wochit US markets continued to advance on Monday (13 February), with the three major indices reaching record finishes for a third straight session. Stocks were propelled by gains in the financial and industrial sector. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 142.79 points, or 0.7%, to settle at 20,412.16. Goldman Sachs, which advanced 1.46%, contributed the most gains to the blue-chips gauge. JP Morgan Chase & Co and Caterpillar Inc, which rose 1.3% and 2.3% respectively, also contributed gains to the Dow. According to CNBC, the Dow posted its 22nd record close since the US presidential election on 8 November. The S&P 500 gained 12.15 points, or 0.5%, to close at 2,328.25. Financials rose more than 1% to lead gains in the S&P 500, which recorded its 14th record close since the election. CNBC reported that the S&P also reached $20 trillion in market cap for the first time. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 29.83 points, or 0.5%, to end at 5,763.96. Apple, which rose 0.9% to close at a record of $133.29, contributed to gains on the tech-heavy index. "Even though we have social unrest and building geopolitical tensions, the market refuses to fall in any meaningful fashion, which means there remains a very strong underlying bid in the market," Adam Sarhan, chief executive officer of 50 Park Investments, told MarketWatch. "This is due to a confluence of a few factors, including the earnings recession being over, a very strong bull market, and the hope for future prosperity under the pro-growth policies of the new administration." Traders work the New York Stock Exchange floorGetty US stocks have been on an upward trend following President Donald Trump's election victory but received an extra boost earlier in February when the president hinted he would announce a tax plan soon. "The combination of proposed regulatory and tax reform, and stronger than expected earnings amplified by growing consumer sentiment that President Trump will accomplish a large portion of his agenda, has permitted stock to rise to valuations not experienced since 2004," said Kent Engelke, chief economic strategist at Capitol Securities Management Inc. There was no major economic data delivered on Monday (13 February), but Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen is expected to give testimony on Capitol Hill on Tuesday (14 February). US Treasurys traded lower, with the benchmark 10-year yield around 2.431% and the short-term two-year yield by 1.19%. The ICE US Dollar Index inched up 0.17% against a number of currencies, with the euro around $1.0604 and the yen around 113.61, according to CNBC. More from IBTimes UK Former head of UK civil service claims it is 'not in a fit state' to negotiate Brexit Commodities Round-up: Oil futures head lower as rig count points to rising US production FTSE Moves: London market lifts as Trump strikes a more moderate foreign policy line Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Casual dining shares set to soar despite UK inflation fears Columnists Matthew Carr “400 years ago Spain forcibly converted Muslims to Christianity – then expelled them. Have we learned nothing? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event... Debenhams tops list of employers shamed for underpaying staff Overall, 360 businesses underpaid 15,520 workers a total of £995,233. Budget airline Wizz Air sets up base at Luton airport The decision will create 36 jobs at Luton, which will become the... Consumer group Which? survey reveals Waitrose is the best supermarket in the UK Aldi and Lidl were the two supermarkets that received top ranks for... Most Asian stock markets gain following a positive Wall Street close overnight New York Fed president William Dudley said on Wednesday that the... US stocks mark new records as Donald Trump promises 'massive' tax plan The Nasdaq hit a seven session streak not experienced since 27... Commodities Round-up: US crude inventory data fails to prod oil market bears Official US crude inventory data did not prove to be quite as... Janet Yellen questions Donald Trump's wisdom over spiking Dodd-Frank Act US Federal Reserve Chairwoman casts doubt on Trump administration's... FTSE Moves: Top flight shares lift despite slowing wage growth data FTSE 250 heads towards its sixth successive record close –... Southern rail commuters face more travel misery as RMT plans February strike Industrial action announcement comes after peace talks at mediation... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News US used depleted uranium in airstrikes against Isis in Syria About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Dow climbs to new record Monday; S&P reaches $20T By Doug G. Ware   |   Feb. 13, 2017 at 6:09 PM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo Feb. 13 (UPI) -- The major U.S. blue chip stock index closed trading Monday in record territory. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 143 points to finish at 20,412.16, a new all-time high. The S&P 500 also inched up 12 points to close at 2,328.25, close to a record, and the Nasdaq rose 30 points to 5,763.96. The Dow, which closed above the 20,000-point mark for the first time on Jan. 25, is now almost halfway to 21,000. Shares of JPMorgan Chase and Caterpillar were the Dow's biggest movers Monday. Shares of Apple Inc. also reached a record close of $133.29. RELATEDFacing multiple pressures, oil prices move lower The S&P also reached a value of $20 trillion for the first time in its history on Monday. Strong momentum from last week carried into Monday as the post-election surge continues. Last week, President Donald Trump pledged a "phenomenal" tax plan would be announced in the coming weeks. "The markets have been giving the new president the benefit of the doubt, believing he will make the economy great again," Paul Nolte, analyst at Kingsview Asset Management, told The Street. "Of course, any tax plan must make its way through Congress and is not likely to be passed until later in 2017, meaning any benefits are not likely to be seen until 2018." Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Another winter storm hammers Northeast U.S. with wind, snow Son of Jerry Sandusky arrested on child sex, porn charges Donald Trump, Justin Trudeau talk immigration, trade at White House Comments Topics: Donald Trump Trending 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Trending 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Latest Headlines House asks Justice Department to investigate Flynn leaks 3 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- Congressmen Jason Chaffetz and Bob Goodlatte have asked the Department of Justice to investigate leaks that led to the resignation of Michael Flynn. Pentagon considers sending ground troops to Syria 4 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- The Pentagon is reportedly working on plans to increase U.S. troop presence in the Middle East and send troops into Syria to fight ISIS. Harward expected to be named national security adviser 8 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- President Donald Trump is expected to name Vice Admiral Robert Harward, a former Navy SEAL, as national security adviser, possibly by the end of the week. Trump may get Kennedy-esque with earlier return to moon 8 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- NASA on Wednesday indicated that President Trump may want the United States to resurrect its pioneering spirit in outer space. Boeing workers vote whether to unionize at South Carolina plant 9 hours ago ago Feb. 15 (UPI) -- Thousands of Boeing production workers voted Wednesday whether to organize, in what's seen by many as a landmark event for American workers in the South. UPI Latest Trending Stories China deploying troops at North Korea border after assassination Intelligence officials: Trump aides spoke with Russian officials during campaign Russian planes buzzed U.S. warship in Black Sea, defense official says Senate abolishes Sandy Hook-inspired rule on guns Officials to further drain Lake Oroville to absorb coming rain, snow runoff PHOTOS 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Best of the Inaugural balls Protest signs at anti-Trump demonstrations 2017 Grammy Awards: Unique looks Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Frequency Electronics says voluntarily terminated credit deal betwee... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Mon Feb 13, 2017 | 4:59pm EST BRIEF-Frequency Electronics says voluntarily terminated credit deal between co, JPMorgan Chase Bank to save fees, expenses associated with maintaining facility Feb 13 Frequency Electronics Inc * Frequency Electronics - Voluntarily terminated credit deal between co, JPMorgan Chase Bank to save fees, expenses associated with maintaining facility * Frequency Electronics - Termination effective as of Feb 7; at time of termination, there were no borrowings outstanding under $25 million credit facility * Did not incur an early termination fee as a result of termination - SEC Filing Source text: [bit.ly/2ld4HJ3] Further company coverage: Next In Bonds News Top UK judge hits back after Brexit uproar over court ruling LONDON, Feb 16 The head of Britain's Supreme Court has accused politicians of not doing enough to protect the independence of the judicial system when judges came in for harsh criticism from pro-Brexit newspapers last year. BRIEF-Moody's says future U.S. climate policy shifts would not stall global emissions reduction efforts * Moody's: Future U.S. climate policy shifts would not stall global emissions reduction efforts GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks test new 19-mth highs, some markets seen overvalued * Hong Kong stocks at new five-month highs on renewed inflows MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Fleeing to Canada from the U.S. Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Apple Shares Hit an All-Time Closing High ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Apple Shares Hit an All-Time Closing High By Tripp Mickle and Aaron Kuriloff Published February 13, 2017 Technology Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Comments Print The Apple logo is seen on the facade of the new Apple Store in Paris, France, January 5, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau (Copyright Reuters 2017) Apple Inc.'s shares reached their highest closing level ever Monday, as investors bet that the 10th-anniversary iPhone expected later this year will return the world's most valuable company to renewed momentum after its worst stumble in years.  Continue Reading Below The stock closed at $133.29, topping the prior record close of $133 set in February 2015. The all-time intraday trading high for Apple shares is $134.54, also reached in 2015.  That puts Apple's market value at about $700 billion, which is more than $120 billion ahead of the No. 2 company, Google parent Alphabet Inc. -- which not long ago was challenging Apple for the top spot -- and beyond the values of Exxon Mobil Corp. and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. combined.  Major investors, including Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc., poured into Apple stock when the share price dipped last year, a period when Apple reported three straight quarters of profit and revenue declines. Since then, a combination of a new iPhone, improved sales in China and surging sales of apps and streaming music subscriptions have buoyed the stock, investors and analysts said.  Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook helped bolster investor confidence last month with the announcement of an ambitious goal to double the company's $24.35 billion services business by 2021. He also expressed optimism that tax reform later this year would enable Apple to bring home cash held overseas, which could be used for mergers and acquisitions.  Still, the biggest driver of investors' renewed enthusiasm is the iPhone, which is both Apple's blessing and its curse. One of the most successful consumer products in history, the device is on track to top $980 billion in sales in the decade since it hit the market.  Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The iPhone is now so huge that it propels Apple, accounting for two-thirds of sales and three-fourths of operating profit -- and leading to gyrations in the company's stock price alongside investors' changing views of each new model's prospects for success.  "Apple is really an iPhone business," said Sean Stannard-Stockton, chief investment officer at Ensemble Capital Management, a Burlingame, Calif., wealth-management firm with $500 million in assets; it counts Apple among its largest holdings. He added, "The next [iPhone] cycle should be strong."  The speculative frenzy that always precedes a new iPhone has been supercharged in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary release expected later this year. Analysts in research reports have predicted the phone will be one of Apple's most revolutionary, with some suggesting it will come in three sizes instead of the usual two, with a case made almost entirely of glass and possibly wireless-charging capability.  At least one of the anniversary phones is expected to have an OLED screen, technology that would make the device thinner and lighter. The display, on top of its being an anniversary edition, has led to speculation that Apple could charge record prices for it, said Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS.  Apple is extraordinarily secretive about its plans, making it difficult for analysts and investors to know what to expect -- and adding risk for anyone betting that the new phone will be a hit. Even the prospective name is debated: some analysts saying Apple will call it the iPhone 8; others suggest it will be the iPhone X. Apple declined to comment.  Apple has struggled with intensifying smartphone competition over the past couple of years. In China, the world's largest smartphone market, rivals have cut into Apple's market share with cheaper phones offering comparable technology. Samsung Electronics Co. and Google have added pressure with new, higher-priced devices.  The iPhone 7, launched in September, hasn't led to the kind of sales jumps Apple recorded with previous new models, but it has helped rekindle enthusiasm. It was the best-selling smartphone in China, according to Kantar Worldpanel, helping stabilize Apple's revenue there after three quarters of declines. That gave investors "increased comfort that China is not falling off a cliff," said Jim Tierney, chief investment officer of concentrated U.S. growth at AllianceBernstein Holding LP.  Since the first iPhone was unveiled, Apple shares have gained a median of 4.3% between the announcement of a new model and when it started selling, according to Bespoke Investment Group. The iPhone 7 extended that streak, surging 11% in the first full week after its unveiling. Apple reported in January that the new device helped deliver record shipments for the three months ended in December and helped boost total revenue in the quarter by 3% to a record $78.4 billion.  Apple has more going for it than smartphones. Its highly profitable services business, which includes sales of apps and streaming music, increased revenue 18% to $7.2 billion during the December quarter, making it bigger than many large companies. Apple also is holding $230.2 billion in cash overseas that it plans to bring back to the U.S. if there's tax reform -- a prospect that has raised hopes of stock buybacks, dividends and even an acquisition, Mr. Stannard-Stockton said.  But what Apple hasn't done is replicate its iPhone success with other products -- and that raises questions about its future. The company hasn't introduced a game-changing product since the iPad in 2011. The Apple Watch, introduced in 2015, hasn't been a breakout success, and its wireless Airpod earbuds are in their infancy.  "The iPhone as a form factor will sometime disappear," said Mr. Stannard-Stockton. "Can they produce entirely new form factors and devices?"  Still, Apple shares actually are relatively inexpensive, even after the recent run-up. They are trading at roughly 16 times the past 12 months of earnings, compared with prices averaging about 23 times earnings for other tech stocks in the S&P 500 -- and below Apple's 10-year average of 21 times earnings, according to FactSet.  "It's gone from a growth stock that was largely overvalued to a value stock," said Jack Brown of Aviance Capital Partners LLC, a Naples, Fla., investment firm that counts Apple among its largest holdings in both its growth-strategy and value-strategy portfolios.  And in some ways, the iPhone's lackluster performance over the past year or so has laid the foundation for more growth. There are now more than 600 million iPhones world-wide, and many of the phones in circulation are iPhone 6 models, suggesting Apple could benefit from a swell of upgrades in coming years. An estimated 85% to 90% of those iPhone users will buy another iPhone when they upgrade, according to UBS.  "What happened with the last quarter is people discovered there's a replacement need for these phones," said Michael Harkins, a partner at Levy, Harkins & Co., a New York investment advisory that counts Apple among its holdings. "They wear out and that's not changing any time soon."  What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad The windfall of Wall Street: Bosses of Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan £335m richer after Trump's election win By City & Finance Reporter for the Daily Mail Published: 16:50 EST, 13 February 2017 | Updated: 03:31 EST, 14 February 2017 e-mail 5 shares 4 View comments Two of the world's top bankers have made £335million as shares surged in value following Donald Trump's election. JPMorgan boss Jamie Dimon, 60, bought £21million of shares early last year when prices were low. He claimed the decision was made on a whim one morning. But as markets rocketed following the election of US President Trump, the Wall Street lender's share price rose with them. Raking it in: Jamie Dimon, left, and Lloyd Blankfein are set to get even richer thanks to Donald Trump's election win Dimon bought at the bottom of the market and this stock is now worth £13.5million more than what he paid for it. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Bank for sale! Loss-making Co-op Bank could disappear from... Now you can make payments by speaking into your smartphone:... Share this article Share He owns 6.7m shares in his company which are worth £465million – £178million more than 12 months earlier.  Goldman Sachs boss Lloyd Blankfein, 62, has been another big winner as his bank's shares close on record highs. Blankfein owned 2.3m shares in his bank a year ago and their value has jumped from £285million to £442million. Banks have soared since the election of Trump, on hopes that the new president will ease regulation. Former Goldman president Gary Cohn, who unlocked £227million of investments through the Wall Street bank when he left to join the Trump administration, has said: 'We're not going to burden the banks with literally hundreds of billions of dollars of regulatory costs every year.' Deals Of The Week Top rate: 5% on up to £2.500 FlexDirect 1.1% easy access rate Top savings deal Spend £10, get £15 bonus in ANY store New members only Best buy low rate card 5.85% APR £7+ in monthly rewards Blue Rewards   Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares 'Vegan concerns noted...': But new polymer fivers... EXCLUSIVE: Support for bereaved families has fallen by... Fosters and Strongbow in every pub? Heineken rocked by... Are your energy bills about to soar? Hundreds of... Billionaire investor Warren Buffett makes huge bet on... Workers start to feel the squeeze as wage growth slows... Eight months on from Brexit vote and FTSE is still flying... SIMON LAMBERT: We should keep the buy-to-let stamp duty... City superwoman on hook for £250k: Huge bill looms for... Amazon 'ready to shake up UK clothing market' with its... The Dow, S&P500 and FTSE 100 are up 30 per cent... New Australian owner of DIY chain Homebase suffers £28m... Escape from New York for Britain’s Stagecoach as... Thousands of Tata Steel workers to accept cuts to... French carmaker seeking to buy Vauxhall closed its last... Toshiba shares fall 9pc as crisis that has thrown UK’s... How £9,000 pension turned out to be worth NOTHING:... House prices go potty! They're falling or stagnant in... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (4) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing No annual fees and trade for £8 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Cheap share-dealing 0.24% admin fee, £2.50 share dealing Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS Support for bereaved families has fallen by £5.2bn since 2003 - and new widows will see payments slashed further still EXCLUSIVE. House prices go potty! They're falling or stagnant in many desirable spots but soaring in the least glamorous. So what's going on? How £9,000 pension turned out to be worth NOTHING Newsagent saved for 11 years but was stunned to discover 'service fees' had left him penniless. Sky charged us £80 per month for our old TV deal after we had moved house ASK TONY. I bought Aberdeen Asset Management shares but the price has plummeted. What has gone wrong? INVESTMENT CLINIC. Are your energy bills about to soar? Hundreds of thousands of households face price shock as 77 cheap tariffs expire. Boost for homeowners hit by giant bills for rot repairs after ombudsman rules insurer must pay How that cheap Airbnb villa could be a fake: Even this savvy businessman fell for a con... - and it cost him more than £3,000. Would you trust Harrods with your savings? It's among the unfamiliar names battling for your cash as big banks cut rates. Hold fire on ditching top NS&I deals: Even at 0.75%, the cash Isa is not bad in the current climate Now fight back against the great pension rip-off: Insurers DID mis-sell annuities.... Here's how to claim. I'm nearly 40... what's the best way to top up my pension and retire at 60 and should I use a new Lifetime Isa? Ex-Pensions Minister Steve Webb. I want to pay off my mortgage, retire early and save up for a buy-to-let - how can I invest to do this? Money Pit Stop. Land Rover's brand new Discovery officially hits the road with 4,000 UK orders already in the bag My ex is threatening to tell my religious parents about our relationship if I don't pay him £20k for gifts he bought me MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Inspired Energy can thrive by helping firms cut bills MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Delisting caps bitter period for cocoa bean company United Cacao MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Dundee-born Low & Bonar now has 15 factories worldwide as materials firm looks to grow MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Anglo Pacific shares rise 24% as commodities bounce MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Old guard return as Dogs of the Footsie portfolio puts on a brisk march MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Steel group Severfield has a sporting chance of doubling profits MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Diamonds as big as a golf ball... now firm Gem Diamonds prepares to add polish MIDAS SHARE TIPS: UK's largest pawnbroker H&T to strike gold by branching out into loans MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Life group Phoenix rises with £74bn under its wings MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Bumper year projected for Cineworld as fans line up for a battalion of blockbusters MIDAS SHARE TIPS: The biggest winners and losers from 2016 - and the firms that were taken over MIDAS SHARE TIPS: There's sweet success and rich rewards on offer if you check in at Hotel Chocolat         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS BROOKS MACDONALD DEFENSIVE CAPITAL: 'I'm waiting for the next crisis to deliver my absolute returns,' says manager MITON UK MULTI CAP INCOME: Driving force behind top fund thinks small for big returns MAN GLG JAPAN COREALPHA: Forget New York...it's York that's attracting the yen THE MERCHANTS TRUST: The fund which has managed 34 years of dividend increases WITAN INVESTMENT TRUST: The fund that builds an orchestra of leading investment firms to manage its assets THE SCOTTISH INVESTMENT TRUST: The lone wolf fund on the hunt for 'ugly ducklings' JPM STERLING CORPORATE BOND: Why this fund is buying into high quality inflation-linked bonds POLAR CAPITAL TECHNOLOGY: The trust that's soared 40% in 6 months TEMPLETON EMERGING MARKETS INVESTMENT TRUST: Emerging markets face rough ride if Trump imposes tariffs SMITH & WILLIAMSON GLOBAL GOLD AND RESOURCES FUND: Mining investors strike lucky as gold regains some of its lustre SPW GLOBAL HIGH QUALITY FUND: Our winning strategy is to bet big, be dynamic... and hold lots of cash KAMES UK EQUITY INCOME: Seven years of raising dividend payments as mixture of blue-chips and lesser known income shares pays off BLACKROCK UK INCOME FUND: Mark Wharrier has made a triumphant return after a ten-year absence         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Would you sign up to a diesel scrappage scheme?   Buy Jenson Button's old Ford GT   Clever tricks retailers use to get us to spend   Four challenger banks to look out for   House prices fell £2,000 in January, says Halifax   Templeton Emerging Markets manager's tips Latest from Markets Eight months on from Brexit vote and FTSE is still flying with £400bn being added to value of UK’s 100 largest businesses FTSE LIVE: Footsie takes a breather after Wall Street chalks up record highs overnight  Fosters and Strongbow in every pub? Heineken rocked by backlash from landlords as Dutch brewer closes in on 1,900 British pubs Billionaire investor Warren Buffett makes huge bet on Apple while dumping almost all of his stock in Asda owner Walmart City superwoman on hook for £250k: Huge bill looms for Horlick after she is let down by US investor Amazon beefing up its design team to launch UK fashion label and poaches senior buying directors from Marks & Spencer and Primark French carmaker seeking to buy Vauxhall closed its last factory in Britain a decade ago New Australian owner of DIY chain Homebase suffers £28m loss in UK Activia yogurt maker Danone warns of ‘steep rise’ in milk prices - as shoppers face being hit at the till Toshiba shares fall 9pc as crisis that has thrown UK’s nuclear power plans into doubt shows little sign of easing MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Free Report Shows How to Slash Your Taxes (No Obligation) Home | Street Talk Tags: Apple | Stock | Investors | iPhone Apple Stock Hit New Record Closing High as Investors Await Next iPhone (AP/Philip Toscano) Monday, 13 Feb 2017 08:48 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Apple shares cruised to a record-high close Monday, helping catapult the S&P 500 stock index over the $20 trillion mark in what amounts to a victory for plain-vanilla mutual funds over a bevy of hedge fund managers who recently backed away from the iPhone maker. The largest component of the S&P 500 and a core holding on Wall Street, Apple's stock climbed 0.9 percent to end at $133.29, above its record high close of $133.00 hit on Feb. 23, 2015 and giving it a market value of about $699 billion. Its increase helped balloon the S&P 500's .SPX market capitalization on Monday beyond $20 trillion for the first time. While mutual funds have largely bet on Apple in recent months, some big names missed out on all or part of its recent acceleration. Hedge fund manager Dan Loeb's Third Point LLC cut its stake in Apple by 26 percent to 1.9 million shares in the fourth quarter, according to regulatory filings, while George Soros and Carl Icahn also shed their Apple shares last year. In contrast, the number of mutual funds reporting they became Apple shareholders in recent quarterly filings has jumped by 187 percent to 287, while the number of mutual funds liquidating their Apple holdings dropped by 26 percent to 151, according to Morningstar. Among the big names who backed the stock, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway last August said it had increased its stake in Apple by 55 percent to 15 million shares, now worth $2 billion. David Einhorn's hedge fund Greenlight Capital in January said it still likes Apple. Apple has climbed 50 percent from lows in the first half of last year and is up 15 percent so far in 2017. It was still short of its all-time intraday high of $134.54, set on April 28, 2015. Monday's gain came after Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski raised her price target for Apple to $150. She said she is more confident that an upcoming 10th anniversary iPhone will feature augmented-reality technology, which could help boost demand in a saturated smartphone market. Many investors are betting that Apple will mark the iPhone's 10th anniversary with a dramatically improved model. They also believe that strong sales of the iPhone 6S two years ago have left a larger-than-normal base of customers ready to upgrade. The Cupertino, California company reported strong December-quarter results on Jan. 31, and although it gave a cautious outlook for the current quarter, Wall Street expects revenue to grow this year after sinking nearly 8 percent in fiscal 2016. In 1998, when the S&P 500 closed above $10 trillion for the first time, Apple accounted for just under 0.06 percent of the index. It now accounts for about 3.5 percent of the S&P 500, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The 721 days that have passed since Apple's previous record-high close represent the largest gap between such milestones since the iPhone's launch in 2007. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Apple Inc.'s stock price spikes about its record closing level early Monday amid investors' high hopes for the 10th-anniversary iPhone. Apple, Stock, Investors, iPhone 487 Monday, 13 Feb 2017 08:48 PM 2017-48-13 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented David Stockman: 3 Reasons Why Stock Market Will Tank Under Trump Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 27 comments What if -- the limit on a recovery period isn't the number of months but... America's Biggest Creditors Dump Treasuries in Warning to Trump Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 22 comments It is business as usual. Stocks go up, bonds go down. amen... Sears, Kmart Drop 31 Trump Home Items From Their Online Shops Saturday, 11 Feb 2017 | 13 comments I was looking at new stoves and basically decided on SEARS. Well, I guess... How Goldman Sees a Trump Trade War Hurting US-China GDP Growth Friday, 10 Feb 2017 | 13 comments Well Said! A trade war is something we could win with no American... Trump's 'Phenomenal' Tax Plan Said to Be Overseen by Cohn Friday, 10 Feb 2017 | 13 comments I agree in principle about bringing jobs to the inner cities. Now we have...       Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq Score New Records for Third Straight Day The good vibes that carried Wall Street to new records last week lingered on into Monday's session. Keris Alison Lahiff Feb 13, 2017 4:06 PM EST The good vibes that carried Wall Street to new records last week lingered on into Monday's session, pushing indexes to close at new highs for their third day in a row. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.70% to close at a record 20,412. The S&P 500 finished up 0.52% to close at 2,328. The Nasdaq also added 0.52%, ending the day at 5,763. The S&P 500 reached $20 trillion in value for the first time on Monday. The best gainers on the Dow were Caterpillar (CAT) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) . Apple (AAPL) rode nearly 1% on market momentum to close at a record $133.29 on Monday. The stock was on a tear after UBS analysts noted that its services business was currently undervalued. UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said on Monday that Apple's shares would be at least 10% higher if its services arm was valued like PayPal's businesses. The new record snapped the old one set in February 2015.   Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buys or sells AAPL? Learn more now. Wall Street rallied to new heights last week as Donald Trump made vague promises of tax reform, hopes for which had given markets a big boost in the two months after the U.S. election in November. Trump said he would deliver a tax reform plan in the near future. The president on Thursday, in a meeting with airline and airport executives, said that lowering the overall tax burden on American businesses was important, adding, "We're going to announce something I would say over the next two or three weeks that will be phenomenal in terms of tax." "The markets have been giving the new president the benefit of the doubt, believing he will make the economy great again," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management. "Of course, any tax plan must make its way through Congress and is not likely to be passed until later in 2017, meaning any benefits are not likely to be seen until 2018 ... Some very high expectations with little certainty of the outcome may make the markets vulnerable to disappointment." Markets initially rallied following Trump's surprise victory in November as investors hoped for infrastructure spending, tax cuts, and loosened financial regulations. However, the Trump rally hit the skids following his January inauguration as geopolitical uncertainty, particularly in the wake of a controversial and unconstitutional travel ban, made for market waves. The travel ban, which affected seven Muslim-majority nations, was deemed unconstitutional last week by judges in the 9th Circuit. On Friday, all three major U.S. stock indexes closed at records for their second day in a row. The Nasdaq ended with its fourth straight closing record on Friday. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and President Trump met in Washington on Monday for the first time since Trump took office. In a post-meeting press conference, Trudeau said "Canada and the U.S. will always be each other's most essential partners." Trump also noted that the two countries have "some wonderful ideas on immigration." Trump-branded products continue to face the brunt of a largely divisive election campaign. Sears (SHLD) and Kmart announced they would drop 31 Trump Home lines due to weak profitability, following in Nordstrom's (JWN) footsteps. Nordstrom recently dropped Ivanka Trump's fashion line after a 32% slump in sales in the last fiscal year. Basic materials stocks were among the best performers on Monday. Chemours (CC) led the way after agreeing to split the $335.4 million settlement in personal-injury lawsuits with former parent DuPont (DD) . Lawsuits were tied to toxic chemicals in a West Virginian plant. Other materials stocks such as Rio Tinto (RIO) and Vale (VALE) were also higher. Verizon (VZ) , the largest wireless provider in the U.S., will begin offering plans with unlimited data starting Monday. Other telecoms including Sprint (S) had been gaining ground on the competitor with their own unlimited data plans. The stock fell, while AT&T (T) , Sprint, and T-Mobile (TMUS) also logged losses. Allergan (AGN) rose after agreeing to acquire Zeltiq Aesthetics (ZLTQ) , a company specializing in fat-reduction technology, in a deal worth $2.475 billion. The acquisition is expected to close in the second half of this year. Shares of Zeltiq rose 12.9%. Allergan is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buys or sells AGN? Learn more now. Williams-Sonoma (WSM) was downgraded to market perform from outperform at Telsey Advisory. Promotional activity is increasing and it will likely take longer for a turnaround at Pottery Barn, Telsey said. Teva Pharmaceuticals (TEVA) climbed 5% on Monday after reaffirming its fiscal 2017 guidance. The drugmaker anticipates full-year revenue between $23.8 billion and $24.5 billion and adjusted earnings of $4.90 to $5.30 a share. Crude oil prices returned to session lows on Monday morning despite proof Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries largely kept to a production cut agreement that went into effect in January. OPEC members and 11 other countries agreed to reduce production by 1.2 million barrels a day in an agreement reached in November. OPEC said Monday that countries reduced their output by 890,000 barrels a day in January, a 74% compliance rate. West Texas Intermediate crude was down 1.7% to $52.93 a barrel on Monday. Gold logged its worst daily loss in two-and-a-half weeks as Wall Street money flooded into equities. Safe-haven assets tend to perform poorly when riskier assets such as equities are on the upswing. If you liked this article you might like Cramer: Many Countries Do Not Admit Things Are Better Growth is obvious everywhere; yes, even in Italy or Latin America. Jim Cramer Feb 15, 2017 7:26 AM EST Stocks Extend Gains, on Track to Close at Records for Third Day in Row The Dow Jones Industrial Average led Wall Street's gains on Monday on leftover goodwill from last week's Trump-inspired rally. Keris Alison Lahiff Feb 13, 2017 2:35 PM EST Wall Street Scores New Records Amid Trump's Tax Reform Promises All three major U.S. indexes closed at record highs for the second consecutive day as investors hope for a U.S. tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Valerie Young Feb 10, 2017 4:07 PM EST Trending Avoid Apple and Buy Home Depot Instead What Buffett, Icahn and Other Billionaire Investors Are Buying in the Trump Era Stay Long, This Bull Is Strong: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 2/15/17) Cisco's Numbers Weren't Spectacular, But Good Enough In This Market 10 Highest-Paying Jobs in 2016 If All You Care About Is Money Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Wealth Tax Save Invest Insure Spend Borrow Earn Plan Real Estate Mutual Funds Personal Finance News Tax Planning More TomorrowMakersCalculatorsSukanya Samriddhi CalculatorEducation Loan CalculatorCar Loan CalculatorHome Loan CalculatorPersonal Loan CalculatorRisk Tolerance CalculatorFinancial Fitness CalculatorTax Impact CalculatorHomeloan Refinance CalculatorRetirement Savings CalculatorET WealthET Wealth EditionsBuy Wealth MagazineET Wealth Newsletter Data CenterInterest RatesHealth Insurance RatingsMF Ratings & NAVTop Performing SchemesTop Star Rated SchemesTop Tax Saving SchemesHighest Risk Adjusted ReturnNew Fund OffersForthcoming DividendsETFPerfomanceLatest PricesListed BondsTraded in Cash MarketULIPsULIP Schemes ET SurveySubscribeET RICS SurveyParticipate & WinMutual Funds SurveyReal Estate SurveyBanking Survey ET Home›Wealth›Real Estate 02:45 PM | 16 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,314158.88 NIFTY 50 8,77752.75 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,278135.00 USD/INR 66.940.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 150 points; Nifty50 nears 8,800 level Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Singapore's GIC leads race to buy 40% in DLF Cyber City for Rs 12,000 crore By Arun Kumar , ET Bureau| Updated: Feb 14, 2017, 02.21 PM IST READ MORE ON » Singapore | KP Singh | Gurgaon | GIC | DLF Cyber City Developers Limited | DLF | DCCDL Last year, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan were mandated by DLF to help monetise their stake in an effort to deleverage their balance sheet. NEW DELHI: GIC of Singapore is set to enter into exclusive bilateral negotiations with KP Singh and his family, the promoters of India’s largest real estate firm DLF Limited, to acquire their 40% stake in DLF Cyber City Developers Limited (DCCDL), the company that owns a portfolio of leased commercial assets, including the entire Cyber City complex in Gurgaon. The deal will help the promoters raise about Rs 12,000 crore, valuing the rental arm at nearly Rs 40,000 crore, inclusive of its Rs 10,000-11,000 crore debt, said two persons familiar with the negotiations. The promoters plan to use most of these funds in subscribing to a Rs 10,000-crore preferential issue of DLF Limited, which in turn will use this money to retire a portion of its debt. “The agreement is likely to be signed soon,” said one of the persons quoted above. The balance 60% in DCCDL is owned by DLF Limited. A DLF spokesperson declined to comment. “We do not wish to comment on speculation. We are in our silent period as our quarterly results are scheduled for February 14,” said the spokesperson. GIC did not respond to queries. Last year, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan were mandated by DLF to help monetise their stake in an effort to deleverage their balance sheet. GIC, which already has close relationship with DLF, trumped Blackstone and a consortium of sovereign wealth funds from Abu Dhabi and Qatar, added officials in the know. Close to 15 suitors had expressed initial interests to partner DLF. DCCDL operates 27 million square feet of commercial property assets that are already leased and earning rent of Rs 2,250 crore as of March 31, 2016. It also has 20 million sq ft of future development potential. The proposed transaction will reduce DLF Ltd’s debt in a two-step transaction. The promoters will pump Rs 10,000 crore into India’s largest real estate developer by purchasing shares in a preferential issue with funds raised from the sale of their stake in the company’s rental unit. In addition, the real estate firm plans to raise about Rs 3,000 crore from institutional investors. From these two transactions, the company will raise about Rs 13,000 crore, and this money will be used to retire a portion of DLF Ltd’s standalone debt. In addition, DCCDL owes Rs 11,000 crore to its lenders. As it will continue to be 60% owned by DLF Ltd, its debt will remain in the parent company’s books. “DLF has been running operational cash flow deficit of Rs 5-6 billion (Rs 500-600 crore) per quarter due to slowdown in sales and continued construction spend (Rs 6.5-7 billion per quarter). With sales expected to remain muted, the company does not expect the gap to close in coming quarters. Closure of DCCDL transaction would help close that gap," wrote analysts from Axis Securities in a report in December. DLF shares fell 0.07%, or 10 paise, to close at Rs 147.7 50 on the BSE on Monday. READ MORE ON » Singapore | KP Singh | Gurgaon | GIC | DLF Cyber City Developers Limited | DLF | DCCDL Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex, Nifty Live|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Singapore's GIC leads race to buy 40% in DLF Cyber City for Rs 12,000 crore Realty queries answered by Shveta Jain, MD, Real Estate Private Wealth Service Affordable housing to get better returns now: S Sriniwasan, Kotak Investment Advisors Magicbricks teams up with SBI to sell properties in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana Dream house with affordable housing finance Indiabulls' PE unit to raise Rs 1,500 cr through realty fund Even urbanites will be able to get a house via the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana: Find out how Singapore's GIC leads race to buy 40% in DLF Cyber City for Rs 12,000 crore Cognizant renews office lease at Blackstone's IT park in Pune Housing sales down 40% in November, December due to demonetisation: PropTiger BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Stocks post best winning streak in 25 years Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance State retirement plans could be over before they start Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Pagani reveals $2.4 million convertible Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out CNNMoney Sport How Victor Cruz spends his money by Ahiza Garcia   @ahiza_garcia February 13, 2017: 1:49 PM ET Victor Cruz has money advice for professional athletes Victor Cruz doesn't want to end up being a statistic. Cruz was released by the New York Giants on Monday. The good news is that he's been careful about his money since the start of his career. He may not be heading into retirement any time soon, but the wide receiver has been planning for it so that he won't end up broke, the way other players do. It all started with his first NFL paycheck in 2010. "Oh man. I remember holding it up into the light and making sure it was real. Kind of hiding it like is everybody else seeing this?" Cruz said. "It was definitely a moment where I knew things were different and where I had to take care of this and make sure I make this forever and ever and ever and not just short-term." Cruz's first NFL contract was with the Giants -- it was for three years and was worth $1.215 million. In 2013, he signed a five-year contract worth $43 million. His release by the Giants Monday came ahead of a $1 million roster bonus he was supposed to get on March 11. Early on, he was advised by New York Giants' staffer Charles Way to keep track of his money. "He was like, 'Man, make sure you understand what your money is doing and understand what's happening with your money. Don't just give it to some accountant and just let him do whatever he wants with it.'" Related: Inside the world of women's tackle football As part of his effort to be financially secure once his days playing -- and dancing -- are over, Cruz teamed up with JPMorgan Chase (JPM), which manages his money. Cruz has been a partner with the bank for five years now. "They teach me to be conscious of how I spend my money and to plan for the long term, not just what I see in front me," he said. "That's sometimes easier said than done." The biggest thing he's learned? "Save as much as you can." "What you do with your finances, everything is calculated. You have to make concise and precise moves with your money and not be careless with it and I think football is the same way," Cruz said. "You have to understand what you're doing [in] practice so that when game time comes, you know what you're doing and you're just playing as opposed to just reacting." Cruz said he thinks many retired players get into financial trouble because they aren't informed. "They weren't knowledgeable about what their money was doing," he said. "[Things] can add up and next thing you know, you're in debt and you're in the hole and you have to struggle a little bit and live paycheck to paycheck." Related: Millionaire NBA player isn't only guy living with his parents When Cruz eventually does leave the NFL, he wants to work with kids and teach them about financial literacy and saving. After attending the White House Science Fair in 2012, he launched the Victor Cruz Foundation to help expose inner-city students to STEM subjects: science, technology, engineering and math. "Once I attended the White House Science Fair, it just kind of hit me," he said. The program started at the Boys and Girls Club in Paterson, New Jersey, where he went as a kid, and Cruz hopes it will expand. President Obama's administration started the White House Science Fair in 2010. It's unclear whether President Trump will put the same priority on STEM initiatives. "It's a time where you don't know what's going to happen," Cruz said. "We'll see if there even is a science fair ... but obviously, full support from the White House would be great and beneficial." CNNMoney (New York) First published February 13, 2017: 12:03 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Businesses rally in support of #ADayWithoutImmigrants The Muay Thai brand using social media to take the fight to its rivals $4 million Lamborghini supercars recalled after fires Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Partner Offers Paid Partner Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
How Victor Cruz spends his money - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases How Victor Cruz spends his money Posted: Monday, February 13, 2017 12:21 PM EST Updated: Monday, February 13, 2017 2:29 PM EST Victor Cruz doesn't want to end up being a statistic. Cruz isn't retiring any time soon, but he wants to make sure that when he does he won't end up broke, the way other players have. So the wide receiver has been planning ever since he got his first... By Ahiza Garcia NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Victor Cruz doesn't want to end up being a statistic. Cruz was released by the New York Giants on Monday. The good news is that he's been careful about his money since the start of his career. He may not be heading into retirement any time soon, but the wide receiver has been planning for it so that he won't end up broke, the way other players do. It all started with his first NFL paycheck in 2010. "Oh man. I remember holding it up into the light and making sure it was real. Kind of hiding it like is everybody else seeing this?" Cruz said. "It was definitely a moment where I knew things were different and where I had to take care of this and make sure I make this forever and ever and ever and not just short-term." Cruz's first NFL contract was with the Giants -- it was for three years and was worth $1.215 million. In 2013, he signed a five-year contract worth $43 million. His release by the Giants Monday came ahead of a $1 million roster bonus he was supposed to get on March 11. Early on, he was advised by New York Giants' staffer Charles Way to keep track of his money. "He was like, 'Man, make sure you understand what your money is doing and understand what's happening with your money. Don't just give it to some accountant and just let him do whatever he wants with it.'" As part of his effort to be financially secure once his days playing -- and dancing -- are over, Cruz teamed up with JPMorgan Chase, which manages his money. Cruz has been a partner with the bank for five years now. "They teach me to be conscious of how I spend my money and to plan for the long term, not just what I see in front me," he said. "That's sometimes easier said than done." The biggest thing he's learned? "Save as much as you can." "What you do with your finances, everything is calculated. You have to make concise and precise moves with your money and not be careless with it and I think football is the same way," Cruz said. "You have to understand what you're doing [in] practice so that when game time comes, you know what you're doing and you're just playing as opposed to just reacting." Cruz said he thinks many retired players get into financial trouble because they aren't informed. "They weren't knowledgeable about what their money was doing," he said. "[Things] can add up and next thing you know, you're in debt and you're in the hole and you have to struggle a little bit and live paycheck to paycheck." When Cruz eventually does leave the NFL, he wants to work with kids and teach them about financial literacy and saving. After attending the White House Science Fair in 2012, he launched the Victor Cruz Foundation to help expose inner-city students to STEM subjects: science, technology, engineering and math. "Once I attended the White House Science Fair, it just kind of hit me," he said. The program started at the Boys and Girls Club in Paterson, New Jersey, where he went as a kid, and Cruz hopes it will expand. President Obama's administration started the White House Science Fair in 2010. It's unclear whether President Trump will put the same priority on STEM initiatives. "It's a time where you don't know what's going to happen," Cruz said. "We'll see if there even is a science fair ... but obviously, full support from the White House would be great and beneficial." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / How Victor Cruz spends his money How Victor Cruz spends his money Posted on Monday, February 13, 2017 by CNN in Business News Victor Cruz doesn’t want to end up being a statistic. Cruz was released by the New York Giants on Monday. The good news is that he’s been careful about his money since the start of his career. He may not be heading into retirement any time soon, but the wide receiver has been planning for it so that he won’t end up broke, the way other players do. It all started with his first NFL paycheck in 2010. “Oh man. I remember holding it up into the light and making sure it was real. Kind of hiding it like is everybody else seeing this?” Cruz said. “It was definitely a moment where I knew things were different and where I had to take care of this and make sure I make this forever and ever and ever and not just short-term.” Cruz’s first NFL contract was with the Giants — it was for three years and was worth $1.215 million. In 2013, he signed a five-year contract worth $43 million. His release by the Giants Monday came ahead of a $1 million roster bonus he was supposed to get on March 11. Early on, he was advised by New York Giants’ staffer Charles Way to keep track of his money. “He was like, ‘Man, make sure you understand what your money is doing and understand what’s happening with your money. Don’t just give it to some accountant and just let him do whatever he wants with it.'” As part of his effort to be financially secure once his days playing — and dancing — are over, Cruz teamed up with JPMorgan Chase, which manages his money. Cruz has been a partner with the bank for five years now. “They teach me to be conscious of how I spend my money and to plan for the long term, not just what I see in front me,” he said. “That’s sometimes easier said than done.” The biggest thing he’s learned? “Save as much as you can.” “What you do with your finances, everything is calculated. You have to make concise and precise moves with your money and not be careless with it and I think football is the same way,” Cruz said. “You have to understand what you’re doing [in] practice so that when game time comes, you know what you’re doing and you’re just playing as opposed to just reacting.” Cruz said he thinks many retired players get into financial trouble because they aren’t informed. “They weren’t knowledgeable about what their money was doing,” he said. “[Things] can add up and next thing you know, you’re in debt and you’re in the hole and you have to struggle a little bit and live paycheck to paycheck.” When Cruz eventually does leave the NFL, he wants to work with kids and teach them about financial literacy and saving. After attending the White House Science Fair in 2012, he launched the Victor Cruz Foundation to help expose inner-city students to STEM subjects: science, technology, engineering and math. “Once I attended the White House Science Fair, it just kind of hit me,” he said. The program started at the Boys and Girls Club in Paterson, New Jersey, where he went as a kid, and Cruz hopes it will expand. President Obama’s administration started the White House Science Fair in 2010. It’s unclear whether President Trump will put the same priority on STEM initiatives. “It’s a time where you don’t know what’s going to happen,” Cruz said. “We’ll see if there even is a science fair … but obviously, full support from the White House would be great and beneficial.” Mexico ready to retaliate by hurting American corn farmers Verizon's new plan: Consumers win, investors lose Related Posts Amazon Prime members can get free Washington Post subscription Doctors and nurses busted for $712 million Medicare fraud Should robots have to pay taxes? Broken records: How new media is helping old media Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 February 2017 by Military News AmeriGas Partners Announces Completion of Tender Offer and Closing of $525 Million Senior Note Offering VALLEY FORGE, Pa.–()–AmeriGas Partners, L.P. (NYSE: APU) (“AmeriGas Partners”) announced today that it accepted for purchase the 7.00% Senior Notes due 2022 (the “2022 Notes”) issued by its wholly owned subsidiaries, AmeriGas Finance LLC and AmeriGas Finance Corp. (“AmeriGas Finance”) (CUSIP Number 03077JAB6) that were tendered in its previously announced tender offer (the “Tender Offer”) for any and all of its outstanding 2022 Notes, which commenced on February 6, 2017 and expired at 5:00 pm New York City time on February 10, 2017, by holders of $378,340,000 in aggregate principal amount, representing approximately 78.68% of the 2022 Notes (excluding tenders through guaranteed delivery procedures of $22,000 of the 2022 Notes). Total consideration of $1,050.00 for each $1,000 principal amount of the 2022 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, was paid to the holders of the 2022 Notes tendered and accepted for purchase. In connection with the Tender Offer, AmeriGas Partners retained J.P. Morgan Securities LLC as the Dealer Manager. AmeriGas Partners and AmeriGas Finance also announced today the closing of their previously announced issuance of $525 million aggregate principal amount of 5.750% Senior Notes due 2027 (the “Notes Offering”). The closing of the Notes Offering was a condition to AmeriGas Partners’ obligation to purchase 2022 Notes tendered in the Tender Offer, and the net proceeds of the Notes Offering have been used to pay the purchase price for the 2022 Notes accepted in the Tender Offer. Any remaining net proceeds will be used for general business purposes. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated acted as joint book-running managers for the Notes Offering. This announcement is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any note in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation, or the sale of these notes, would be unlawful without registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. About AmeriGas Partners AmeriGas Partners is the nation’s largest retail propane marketer, serving approximately 1.9 million residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural, wholesale and motor fuel customers in all 50 states from approximately 1,900 propane distribution locations. UGI Corporation, through subsidiaries, is the sole General Partner and owns 26% of AmeriGas Partners and the public owns the remaining 74%. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements that management believes to be reasonable as of today’s date only. Actual results may differ significantly because of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond management’s control. You should read AmeriGas Partners’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more extensive list of factors that could affect results. Among them are adverse weather conditions, cost volatility and availability of propane, increased customer conservation measures, the capacity to transport propane to our market areas, the impact of pending and future legal proceedings, liability for uninsured claims and for claims in excess of insurance coverage, political, economic and regulatory conditions in the U.S. and abroad, our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions and achieve anticipated synergies, and the interruption, disruption, failure, malfunction, or breach of our information technology systems, including due to cyber-attack. AmeriGas Partners undertakes no obligation to release revisions to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after today. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattack, Books, Business, general, Legal, Markets, Nation, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Mammography Equipment Market Research And Forecast Report 2022: Radiant Insights, Inc Next PostNext Industrial Fasteners Market To Reach USD 134.20 Billion By 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close NYT No one went to prison after 2008 financial crisis — and the fault lies with us Filed under Personal Finance at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Will Deener, Special Contributor Connect with Will Deener Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now The toxic products shoveled out of Wall Street's financial meth labs leading up to the 2008 financial crisis wiped out a massive amount of wealth, knocked the U.S. economy to its knees and devastated the lives of many people. Now, almost a decade removed from those dark days, I can't recall seeing a single Wall Street banker take the perp walk for any of this financial debauchery. Only one trader at a second-tier bank, Credit Suisse, was busted for inflating the value of some mortgage-backed bonds and was sentenced to 30 months in federal prison. And that's about it. So whazzup with that? It is true that the U.S. Justice Department, the Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulators extracted some serious money from the wallets of big banks following the crisis — about $200 billion in fines and settlements. But that money mostly came out of corporate coffers. We law-abiding, hardworking little people would have preferred seeing a few hundred fat-cat bankers from the likes of Goldman Sachs Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and the now defunct Lehman Brothers Inc. busting rocks in prison. Initially, my take on this was that federal prosecutors lacked the will to criminally prosecute these cases because they were too complicated, too expensive and took too long to resolve. Just the phrase alone — mortgage-backed securities — would put most jurors into a coma of boredom. Others of a more cynical bent have proffered that Wall Street bankers are so rich, powerful and politically connected that government gendarmes dare not enter their corporate lairs. I suppose either of those explanations can partly account for the lack of criminal prosecutions in the wake of one of the worst financial crises ever. But those explanations are far too simplistic and don't bring any new insight into to this sordid affair. Actually, the fault lies within us, or more specifically, within the legal and corporate systems we created over the last 200 years, according to Samuel Buell, author of a new book, Capital Offenses. Buell, who brings considerable street cred to this topic as the government's lead prosecutor in the Enron case, explains that the essence of a corporation — its mission and reason to exist — is to reduce individual responsibility. "That's not a byproduct or regrettable cost of organizing our economic lives around the corporation," he writes. "It's the purpose of doing so. People lacked efficient and effective means to share capital while managing personal risks. The corporation solved this problem." 150 years of precedent This legal principle of "limited liability" allowed people to start businesses, and if the venture went south, they lost only the money they invested, not everything they owned. And this idea has worked fairly well for 150 years. The problem, however, is that this same corporate structure, with layers of supervision and diffused responsibility, also protects executives when they commit crimes. And that notion feeds directly into a second obstacle to prosecuting corporate wrongdoing. One of the foundations of our criminal justice system is that to be convicted of a serious criminal offense defendants must have intended to do harm. "In the complicated arena of financing the activities of large corporations, in which our economic system has deliberately licensed creativity and risk taking, an executive's claim that he believed in good faith that he was following the rules presents a severe, even disabling, obstacle to prosecution," Buell writes. Prosecutors must prove that a sophisticated banker's intent in selling, say, mortgage-backed securities to a similarly positioned and sophisticated Deutsche Bank trader was to deceive. It is this proof that distinguishes "the criminal deal from the merely aggressive, or even stupidly aggressive, one," Buell writes. Often executives rely on the opinions of their accountants and auditors, which makes it difficult for prosecutors to prove criminal intent. Clear-cut and provable accounting frauds like the ones committed by Enron and WorldCom executives — who knew what was going on — led to imprisonment, but those are exceptions. Finally, business fraud involves deception, but Buell points out that deception occurs within context. In other words, we all but expect used car salespeople at U-Tote-the-Note dealership to lie to us. It's caveat emptor — buyer beware — but we don't expect such shady practices when we visit, say, our physician. Business practices become criminal fraud "only if the norms of the particular market make that behavior wrong," according to Buell. Do we as a society really want to put a hotshot Goldman Sachs banker in prison for unloading a tranche of risky mortgage securities to an equally sly Deutsche Bank trader? "The most serious obstacle to fraud prosecutions was the nature of the market for mortgage derivatives," Buell writes. "[This] was a meeting place for some of the world's most sophisticated and risk-hungry buyers and sellers." We as a society may want to throw a few more people in prison, but that won't lessen corporate fraud. Change will come only if we change what we as a society created — limited liability for corporations and the people who run them. "To preside over a company when it fails is not a crime," Buell writes. "Indeed, bankruptcy law and limited liability for corporations are two ways modern legal systems embrace business risks." Considering investing? Act like a professional, and ignore the Dow and watch the S&P 500 View Comments Tags Personal Finance Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Puzder withdraws nomination for labor secretary Stocks set new highs, bond yields climb Wednesday Prudenti: Commercial Division of state court vital to NY business Bond yields rise, stocks push to records as economy cruises Bull riders booked for Nassau Coliseum Hofstra Law launches deportation defense clinic Yahoo issues new warning of potential email account breach LIA to Mnuchin: Reducing property tax deductions will hurt Long Island Biz groups seek decision in LIPA property tax suits Preparing tomorrow’s scientists yesterday Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Home / Stocks Scroller / US indexes open at record highs Monday Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! AP Photo US indexes open at record highs Monday By: The Associated Press February 13, 2017 0 Stocks extended their march further into record territory in early trading as banks and materials companies posted solid gains. Steelmaker Nucor rose 4 percent in early trading Monday, while JPMorgan Chase gained 1.3 percent. In deal news, Zeltiq Aesthetics soared 12.6 percent after agreeing to be acquired by Allergan, which makes Botox, for $2.5 billion. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 8 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,323. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 88 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,360. The Nasdaq composite rose 23 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,758. Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google 9:53 am Mon, February 13, 2017 The Associated Press Puzder withdraws nomination for labor secretary February 15, 2017 Stocks set new highs, bond yields climb Wednesday February 15, 2017 Prudenti: Commercial Division of state court vital to NY business February 15, 2017 Bond yields rise, stocks push to records as economy cruises February 15, 2017 Bull riders booked for Nassau Coliseum February 15, 2017 Hofstra Law launches deportation defense clinic February 15, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. Puzder withdraws nomination for labor secretary by The Associated Press | Feb. 15 Prudenti: Commercial Division of state court vital to NY business by Commentary | Feb. 15 Bull riders booked for Nassau Coliseum by David Winzelberg | Feb. 15 Hofstra Law launches deportation defense clinic by Adina Genn | Feb. 15 LIA to Mnuchin: Reducing property tax deductions will hurt Long Island by Adina Genn | Feb. 15 Movers & Shakers East Hampton Chamber of Commerce names president ACLD welcomes five Family Service League adds one to board One sworn in as court examiner Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now LIBN on Flickr Follow Us Subscribe To RSS Feed 16,768 Followers 2,660 Fans The Poll What Long Island venue do you prefer to attend? Northwell Health Jones Beach Theater The Paramount The New Nassau Coliseum Pennysaver Amphitheater NYCB Theater at Westbury Other I don't go to shows. View Results  Loading ... Tweets by LIBN My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Puzder withdraws nomination for labor secretary Stocks set new highs, bond yields climb Wednesday Prudenti: Commercial Division of state court vital to NY business Bond yields rise, stocks push to records as economy cruises Bull riders booked for Nassau Coliseum Hofstra Law launches deportation defense clinic LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2017 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also The Poll: Long Island Music Venues What Long Island venue to you prefer to attend? Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 36° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny. High 46F. Winds NW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A clear sky. Low 31F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 15, 2017 @ 7:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press This Thursday, Oct. 2, 2014, file photo shows the Wall Street entrance of the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Global stocks continue to rise, U.S. indexes hit records again By Stan Choe • Associated Press Feb 13, 2017 (…) The Associated Press This Thursday, Oct. 2, 2014, file photo shows the Wall Street entrance of the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Updated at 4:55 p.m. NEW YORK • Stocks around the world continued their march higher on Monday, and U.S. indexes again hit new highs. Strong gains for Citigroup and other financial stocks helped the Standard & Poor's 500 index rise 12.15 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,328.25. It's the third straight day the index has set a record. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 142.79, or 0.7 percent, to 20,412.16. The Nasdaq composite climbed 29.83, or 0.5 percent, to 5,763.96. Earlier in the day, markets rose across Europe and Asia. Stocks have resumed their rally in recent days after stalling for a couple weeks. Stronger-than-expected profit reports from companies, continued improvement in the U.S. economy and expectations for business-friendly policies from Washington have helped propel the market. With no major economic reports or other big news on Monday, stocks continued to follow the path of least resistance, analysts say. "The market's got such good momentum now that it's going to continue until something slows it down," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at the Schwab Center for Financial Research. "There's really not any negative catalyst right now." The S&P 500 has climbed five straight days and is up 8.8 percent since Donald Trump won the White House in November. Companies whose profits are most dependent on the strength of the economy were some of Monday's biggest gainers. Financial stocks in the S&P 500 rose 1.1 percent, the biggest gain among the 11 sectors that make up the index. Industrials rose 1 percent. Roughly three stocks rose for every two that fell on the New York Stock Exchange. The biggest stock in the S&P 500, Apple, is also at a record closing high. It rose $1.17, or 0.9 percent, to close at $133.29. The iPhone maker's performance carries extra weight for many 401(k) accounts because of its status as the biggest publicly traded company in the world. It alone accounts for about 3.5 percent of S&P 500 index fund investments. Chemical company Chemours jumped $4.01, or 14.3 percent, to $32.14 after it announced an agreement with DuPont to jointly pay $670.7 million to settle roughly 3,500 personal-injury claims related to the release of perfluorooctanoic acid from a West Virginia plant. DuPont rose 99 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $77.82. Zeltiq Aesthetics jumped $6.53, or 13.2 percent, to $55.93 after Allergan said it would buy the company, whose CoolSculpting system helps people reduce bulges of fat. Allergan, which sells Botox, agreed to pay $56.50 per share for Zeltiq. The only sector in the S&P 500 to fall on Monday was telecoms, which sank on worries that more pricing wars may be on the way. Verizon unveiled an unlimited-data plan for its customers, and its stock dropped 43 cents, or 0.9 percent, to $48.55. Competitors fell more. AT&T lost 73 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $40.65, and Sprint fell 12 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $8.84. Several events are on the schedule that could shift the market's momentum. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will offer testimony on Capitol Hill Tuesday and Wednesday to update the Senate and House on monetary policy. Most investors expect the central bank to keep raising interest rates in 2017, though at a modest pace. The government will also offer updates on the state of inflation, on both the consumer and the wholesale levels. Many investors expect inflation to rise due to policies proposed by President Trump and Congressional Republicans, though the bond market doesn't seem to be forecasting a runaway spike. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Who's hired? Check our People in Business Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Treasury yields have been on an upward trend since Election Day, in part because of those expectations for higher inflation. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.43 percent Monday from 2.41 percent late Friday. Two-year and 30-year Treasury yields also notched higher. Stocks climbed in other markets around the world. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 0.4 percent, the Hang Seng in Hong Kong gained 0.6 percent and South Korea's Kospi index added 0.2 percent. In Europe, the French CAC 40 index jumped 1.2 percent, Germany's DAX climbed 0.9 percent and the U.K. FTSE 100 added 0.3 percent. Benchmark U.S. crude oil fell 93 cents, or 1.7 percent, to settle at $52.93 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, fell $1.11, or 2.percent, to $55.59 a barrel. Natural gas fell 9 cents, or 3 percent, to $2.94 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents, or 2.8 percent, to $1.54 a gallon and heating oil lost 4 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $1.63 a gallon. In metals trading, gold fell $10.10 to settle at $1,225.80 an ounce. Silver lost 11 cents to $17.82 an ounce. Copper added 1.5 cents to $2.78 a pound. The dollar rose to 113.62 Japanese yen from 113.41 yen late Friday, and the British pound rose to $1.2529 from $1.2479. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags S&p 500 Finance Economics Bank Index View (…) comments Most popular Foreigners are pulling back from U.S. debt like never before India navy spurns homemade warplane, latest blow to Asia push for self-reliance Nicklaus: St. Louis faces big bill for convention center shortcomings Special report: The man behind the fiscal fiasco in Illinois U.S. may take 'fresh look' at Lockheed's plan to move F-16 production to India, company says Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Clayton rejects Centene petition as unconstitutional Centene's Neidorff lands on group's list of overpaid CEOs Stiritz cuts his stake in Herbalife while Icahn raises his Jumping bank stocks push U.S. indexes higher; bond yields rise Express Scripts revenue dips on fewer prescriptions Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Celebrate your company's culture! Find the dream job you are looking for. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 13 February 2017 | MYT 9:49 PM US trial set over bitcoin exchange linked to JPMorgan hack probe To face trial: A Florida software engineer and a New Jersey pastor are expected on Feb 13 to face trial over a data breach at JPMorgan Chase & Co. — Reuters NEW YORK: A Florida software engineer and a New Jersey pastor are expected on Feb 13 to face trial in a case stemming from an investigation into a bitcoin exchange and a data breach at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jury selection is set to begin in Manhattan federal court in the case of Yuri Lebedev, who authorities call the architect of bitcoin exchange Coin.mx's electronic platform, and Trevon Gross, a pastor and ex-chairman of a now-defunct credit union. Prosecutors contend Lebedev schemed to deceive financial institutions into processing transactions for the unlicensed Coin.mx. They say he also participated in bribing Gross to gain control over the credit union to facilitate the virtual currency business. Both men have pleaded not guilty. Eric Creizman, Lebedev's lawyer, said he was "looking forward to his day in court". Gross' attorneys did not respond to requests for comment. They are among nine people who have faced charges following an investigation connected to a breach JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 that exposed more than 83 million accounts. Gross, 52, and Lebedev, 39, were not accused of hacking. But they came under scrutiny in connection with Coin.mx, which authorities said was operated by Anthony Murgio, who attended Florida State University with Lebedev, and was owned by an Israeli behind the JPMorgan breach, Gery Shalon. Prosecutors say Shalon, together with Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron, orchestrated cyber attacks that resulted in the theft of over 100 million peoples' information. Prosecutors said they carried out the cyber crimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with promotional emails. Shalon, Aaron and Orenstein have pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors said Coin.mx operated through a front called "Collectables Club" to trick financial institutions into believing it was a memorabilia club while it converted, with no license, millions of dollars into bitcoin. To further evade scrutiny, in 2014, Murgio, with Lebedev's help, tried to take over Helping Other People Excel Federal Credit Union of Jackson, New Jersey, which was linked to HOPE Cathedral. To do so, they and others paid US$150,000 (RM667,275) in bribes via the church to Gross, its pastor, in exchange for facilitating Murgio's takeover and arranging for Lebedev and others to be put on the credit union's board, prosecutors said. Gross' lawyers deny he was lining his pockets with what they call a church donation and say Collectables Club victimised the board. Federal regulators took the credit union into conservatorship in 2015. Murgio pleaded guilty in January. — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested One bot to rule them all? Not likely, with Apple, Google, Amazon and Microsoft virtual assistants China’s Huawei, Philippine telco join forces in 5G deal Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Jaguar fuels in-car innovation with its latest app Ford bets big on artificial intelligence Brazil judge rules Uber drivers are employees, deserve benefits Others Also Read Fine gems to perk up tastebuds Man United will give Europa tilt full focus, says Mourinho Seremban folk enjoy carnival-like CNY do advertisement Latest News Carpool and save with GrabShare Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Pokémon Go: The universe expands Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Most Viewed in Tech Pokémon Go: The universe expands Nokia 3310 on the comeback trail: report Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Stand up to cancer Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Lenovo’s profit misses estimates after PC rivals erode lead Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple: study Apple struggles to make big deals, hampering strategy shifts Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Europe News Active managers named and shamed as 'closet indexers' Gemma Acton | @GemmaActon Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 7:59 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Top asset managers named as potential closet trackers: Report    Monday, 13 Feb 2017 | 1:18 AM ET | 03:18 European fund management houses have been named and shamed in a report by an influential investor advocacy group which has sought to expose managers who demand high fees but closely track their funds' underlying benchmarks. Of the 1,013 funds examined, 165 performed as "potential closet index funds" between the period from 2009 – 2014, according to the research by Better Finance, details of which were first published in the Financial Times on Sunday. The investigation followed on from the results of an investigation announced by the regional watchdog, the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), in March 2016 which alleged that up to 15 percent of equity funds across the continent could be potential closet indexers. However, the regulatory body refused to name the funds concerned, prompting Better Finance to attempt to replicate the inquiry. The advocacy group used identical parameters to ESMA to determine the "potential" closet trackers, namely whether funds had less than 60 percent active share and 4 percent tracking error. The first measure evaluates how differently a portfolio's holdings differ from the benchmark's while the second measure looks at the difference in returns. Guillaume Prache, managing director at Better Finance, told CNBC on Monday that the key goal was to exactly replicate the study and disclose all the funds analyzed to avoid "leaving fund investors in the dark." He confirmed that so far none of the funds investigated had engaged with Better Finance on the results but "we welcome any additional disclosures and analyses that can better inform fund investors about closet indexing." Among the names, behemoths with many billions of investor dollars under management including Amundi, Fidelity International, Henderson, JPMorgan Asset Management (JPMAM) and Schroders, who offered varied responses to enquiries from CNBC on Monday. Schroders questioned the accuracy of the data and encouraged investors to use a broader set of measures to assess the level of active management, as well as examine fund performance on the longer-term basis towards which they are geared. JPMAM described active share as a "useful, if one dimensional" risk measure and highlighted the index outperformance of their equity funds listed in the report over three and five year periods. Fidelity noted that the average active share of its fund range is 74.3 percent, "significantly above the 60 percent threshold, which we believe is highly active for the considerable size and array of assets we run," and concurred with Schroders and JPMAM's arguments that a broader set of factors should be assessed. Furthermore, the spokesperson from Fidelity added, "The data used to compile the list is looking at the period from 2009-2014. This would include the period immediately after the financial crises and an industry-wide pullback in investor risk appetite. With liquidity a prime concern, small-cap positions were cut back with the effect of reducing active share levels. It is also important to note that 95 percent of the assets in the funds listed are held by institutional or professional investors looking for specialist access to thematic or niche sector specific investments. These types of funds often use large-cap indices and invest in smaller number of companies, resulting in a lower active share." Both Henderson and Amundi declined to comment. 'Third wave' for the industry The revelations increase the pressure on the active management industry at a time when the bleed of investor money out of its funds and into passive continues apace. While passive assets under management increased by 18 percent in 2016, actively managed assets only edged up by 4 percent, according to data from Morningstar. Which is why now is the time for a "third wave" of the fund management industry, asserted David Stubbs, Global Markets Strategist at JPMAM, speaking on CNBC's Squawk Box on Monday. "Now you have the retaliation against passive ... In my view active managers such as our own have developed active funds that aim to beat passive, I call them passive killers," explained Stubbs. Jose Luis Pelaez | Blend Images | Getty Images The "passive killers" are actively managed funds with an intentionally low active share but which charge lower fees than traditional active funds. They often aim to match sector and style characteristics to the benchmark but then seek to take lots of small "overweight" and "underweight" positions among the individual stock names with a goal of generating 50 – 100 basis points of outperformance (alpha in industry parlance) per year. "You're getting maybe 50, 60, 70 basis points a year but over 25 or 30 years as your core holding, that's real money," he argued. The appeal of these strategies relative to passive is that there is the expectation of outperformance. "Passive does the opposite, you get the benchmark minus the fee, you lock in underperformance with passive," he added. Despite many commentators describing the year ahead as one that could provide more opportunities for active managers to shine as the performance of individual stocks diverges more than in recent years given changing macro and market dynamics, Stubbs describes the advent of both passive funds and "passive killers" as a permanent change in asset managers' offerings. "I don't think that masks the change in the fund offering … Passive isn't going anywhere and nor should it." Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Gemma ActonCorrespondent, CNBC To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Societe Generale SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Societe Generale SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Societe Generale SA (GLE) PT Set at €46.00 by Deutsche Bank AG February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €46.00 ($49.46) target price on Societe Generale SA (EPA:GLE) in a report released on Monday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a €34.00 ($36.56) target price on Societe Generale SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, October 24th. Citigroup Inc. set a €37.00 ($39.78) target price on Societe Generale SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, November 7th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €58.60 ($63.01) target price on Societe Generale SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. J P Morgan Chase & Co set a €53.00 ($56.99) target price on Societe Generale SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €49.20 ($52.90) target price on Societe Generale SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of €45.12 ($48.51). Societe Generale SA (EPA:GLE) opened at 42.695 on Monday. Societe Generale SA has a 52 week low of €25.00 and a 52 week high of €49.38. The stock has a market capitalization of €34.13 billion and a PE ratio of 10.025. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €46.13 and a 200 day moving average price of €38.05. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/societe-generale-sa-gle-pt-set-at-46-00-by-deutsche-bank-ag.html. About Societe Generale SA Societe Generale SA is a financial services company. The Company is engaged in retail banking, corporate and investment banking, financial services, insurance, private banking and asset management. The Company’s core businesses are managed through three segments: French Retail Banking, International Retail Banking & Financial Services, and Global Banking and Investor Solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Societe Generale SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Societe Generale SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NMI Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NMI Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co NMI Holdings Inc (NMIH) PT Raised to $12.00 at FBR & Co February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet NMI Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:NMIH) had its price target hoisted by research analysts at FBR & Co from $11.00 to $12.00 in a research report issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has an “outperform” rating on the stock. FBR & Co’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 6.67% from the stock’s previous close. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of NMI Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $10.00 price target on the stock in a report on Friday, November 11th. BTIG Research upped their price target on shares of NMI Holdings from $11.00 to $13.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $11.00. NMI Holdings (NASDAQ:NMIH) opened at 11.25 on Monday. The company’s market capitalization is $665.30 million. The company has a 50-day moving average of $10.69 and a 200 day moving average of $8.72. NMI Holdings has a 12-month low of $4.53 and a 12-month high of $11.45. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/nmi-holdings-inc-nmih-pt-raised-to-12-00-at-fbr-co.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of NMIH. Mangrove Partners acquired a new position in shares of NMI Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $4,603,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of NMI Holdings by 3.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 252,070 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,381,000 after buying an additional 9,320 shares during the last quarter. Airain ltd acquired a new position in shares of NMI Holdings during the second quarter valued at about $210,000. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of NMI Holdings by 15.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 34,009 shares of the company’s stock valued at $259,000 after buying an additional 4,486 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Private Management Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of NMI Holdings by 4.4% in the third quarter. Private Management Group Inc. now owns 1,386,830 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,568,000 after buying an additional 57,940 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.52% of the company’s stock. About NMI Holdings NMI Holdings, Inc (NMIH) provides private mortgage guaranty insurance (MI) through its insurance subsidiaries. The Company’s insurance subsidiary, National Mortgage Insurance Corporation (NMIC), is an MI provider on loans purchased by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (collectively the Government-sponsored enterprises(GSEs)). Receive News & Ratings for NMI Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NMI Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live AFG 75/1 (20) - ZIM (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home World U.S. trial set over bitcoin exchange linked to JPMorgan hack probe Shares2 Mon, 13 Feb 2017-04:34pm , Reuters A Florida software engineer and a New Jersey pastor are expected on Monday to face trial in a case stemming from an investigation into a bitcoin exchange and a data breach at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jury selection is set to begin in Manhattan federal court in the case of Yuri Lebedev, who authorities call the architect of bitcoin exchange Coin.mx's electronic platform, and Trevon Gross, a pastor and ex-chairman of a now-defunct credit union. Prosecutors contend Lebedev schemed to deceive financial institutions into processing transactions for the unlicensed Coin.mx. They say he also participated in bribing Gross to gain control over the credit union to facilitate the virtual currency business. Both men have pleaded not guilty. Eric Creizman, Lebedev's lawyer, said he was "looking forward to his day in court." Gross' attorneys did not respond to requests for comment. They are among nine people who have faced charges following an investigation connected to a breach JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 that exposed more than 83 million accounts. Gross, 52, and Lebedev, 39, were not accused of hacking. But they came under scrutiny in connection with Coin.mx, which authorities said was operated by Anthony Murgio, who attended Florida State University with Lebedev, and was owned by an Israeli behind the JPMorgan breach, Gery Shalon. Prosecutors say Shalon, together with Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron, orchestrated cyber attacks that resulted in the theft of over 100 million peoples' information. Prosecutors said they carried out the cyber crimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with promotional emails. Shalon, Aaron and Orenstein have pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors said Coin.mx operated through a front called "Collectables Club" to trick financial institutions into believing it was a memorabilia club while it converted, with no license, millions of dollars into bitcoin. To further evade scrutiny, in 2014, Murgio, with Lebedev's help, tried to take over Helping Other People Excel Federal Credit Union of Jackson, New Jersey, which was linked to HOPE Cathedral. To do so, they and others paid $150,000 in bribes via the church to Gross, its pastor, in exchange for facilitating Murgio's takeover and arranging for Lebedev and others to be put on the credit union's board, prosecutors said. Gross' lawyers deny he was lining his pockets with what they call a church donation and say Collectables Club victimized the board. Federal regulators took the credit union into conservatorship in 2015. Murgio pleaded guilty in January. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Horrific: Priest feeds followers ‘holy water’ with rat poison, 5 die World Austria to sue Airbus over alleged Eurofighter fraud World Irish government survives confidence vote, pressure on PM Enda Kenny rises World Hafiz Saeed asks Pakistani government to remove name from list barring his exit World US commander expects tough battle in western Mosul World WATCH: Arnold Schwarzenegger says traffic jams and herpes are more popular than US Congress Live Cricket Score Live AFG 75/1 (20) ZIM (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video WATCH: John Oliver has a hilarious plan to 'educate' US President Donald Trump WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up View all Tags Florida State University New Jersey JPMorgan Chase Manhattan JPMorgan Chase & Co. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Biggest road-block in forming stable govt. in TN is PM Modi Cong Graft case: TV actor Anuj Saxena surrenders in court Poll panel ropes in housing societies to boost voting Sule hits out at govt for 'anti-farmer' policy, onion price Indonesia confirms female national arrested in Malaysia Sport Biathlon-Kazakh team members cleared after tests return negative Wenger has experience to beat Arsenal slump, believes Ancelotti Soccer-Brilliant Bayern fire on all cylinders to out-gun Arsenal Is DRS good for the game? ICC's calculation on its success-rate will shock you 'Never thought I'd be No.1 bowler,' says South African leg-spinner Imran Tahir Entertainment After the phone hack, Amy Jackson posts a TOPLESS picture on social media! Smurfs are teaming up with the UN! Here's why Big B gets nostalgic as he completes 48 yrs in Bollywood You won't believe how much the Robot 2.0 makers are spending to shoot the aerial stunt sequence! Diversity controversy did not impact nominations: Spencer Money NALCO signs MoU with TERI for sustainable rehabilitation RAL's JV with Rafale manufacturer Dassault Aviation TCS board to meet next week to consider share buyback Shemaroo,Hathway tie up to provide ad-free service on cable TV ABB India to deliver digital substation to Technopark Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Kuwait Said to Meet Investors Ahead of $9.5 Billion Debut Bond by Zainab Fattah @ZainabFattah More stories by Zainab Fattah and Matthew Martin @mideastmatthew More stories by Matthew Martin February 13, 2017, 5:17 AM EST Officials to travel to U.S. and U.K. for roadshow next month Country could sell first international bond as early as March Kuwait will meet investors in the U.S. and U.K. next month as part of plans to raise as much as $9.5 billion in its first international debt sale, according to a person familiar with the matter. Government officials will travel to London, New York, Boston and Los Angeles between March 5 and March 12, said the person, asking not to be identified as the information is private. A sale could be completed by the end of March or early April, the person said. The country hired six banks including Citigroup Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co., and HSBC Holdings Plc as lead managers for the sale, people familiar with the matter said last month. Deutsche Bank AG, Standard Chartered Plc and NBK Capital were hired as advisers, they said. Kuwait is selling bonds as the country expects a budget deficit of 7.9 billion dinars ($26 billion) in 2017/18, compared with 9.7 billion dinars in 2016/17, according to deputy Prime Minister Anas Al Saleh. The government said in July it may raise as much as $10 billion from global debt markets. The country is rated AA at S&P Global Ratings, the third-highest investment grade. Ministry officials couldn’t immediately be reached for comment. Neighboring Gulf states including Qatar, Abu Dhabi and Saudi Arabia raised more than $48 billion in sovereign bond sales last year -- the most since at least 2007 -- to finance their budget deficits, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Bond sales in the Middle East and North Africa region more than doubled to nearly $80 billion in 2016, according to the data. Kuwaiti officials will visit investors in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore between February 12 and February 17, Al-Anba newspaper said last week, citing government sources. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fabrinet - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Fabrinet (FN) Price Target Raised to $58.00 February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) had its target price upped by Piper Jaffray Companies from $55.00 to $58.00 in a research note published on Tuesday. They currently have an overweight rating on the stock. A number of other brokerages have also recently weighed in on FN. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Fabrinet from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Monday, October 17th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price target on shares of Fabrinet from $48.00 to $50.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Needham & Company LLC reiterated a buy rating and set a $56.00 price target on shares of Fabrinet in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. B. Riley reiterated a buy rating and set a $52.75 price target on shares of Fabrinet in a research report on Monday, November 14th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $50.00 price target on shares of Fabrinet and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $50.25. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) opened at 44.95 on Tuesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $39.66 and its 200 day moving average is $40.80. Fabrinet has a 1-year low of $25.82 and a 1-year high of $46.50. The company has a market cap of $1.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.99 and a beta of 1.50. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.91 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.79 by $0.12. Fabrinet had a net margin of 7.32% and a return on equity of 15.24%. The business earned $351.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $335.07 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.50 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 50.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Fabrinet will post $3.48 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Fabrinet (FN) Price Target Raised to $58.00” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/fabrinet-fn-price-target-raised-to-58-00.html. In related news, CEO David T. Mitchell sold 75,000 shares of Fabrinet stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.31, for a total value of $2,948,250.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO David T. Mitchell sold 74,828 shares of Fabrinet stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.56, for a total transaction of $3,035,023.68. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 224,828 shares of company stock valued at $9,119,024. Insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Fabrinet by 149.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 194,975 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,694,000 after buying an additional 116,790 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 19.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,419,841 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,901,000 after buying an additional 393,691 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 31.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 81,382 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,629,000 after buying an additional 19,597 shares in the last quarter. Northpointe Capital LLC increased its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 70.6% in the third quarter. Northpointe Capital LLC now owns 200,960 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,961,000 after buying an additional 83,182 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 13.8% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 4,223 shares of the company’s stock valued at $157,000 after buying an additional 511 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 90.98% of the company’s stock. About Fabrinet Fabrinet provides optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of products, such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, medical devices and sensors. The Company offers a range of optical and electro-mechanical capabilities across the manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and test. Receive News & Ratings for Fabrinet Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Client Login Receiver Login Issue Release Services The Process SMNR Pricing Partners Why RealWire? Testimonials Case Studies PR Filter Knowledge About Our Story The Team RealWire News Contact Enquiries PR Sign Up Receiver Sign Up Twitter FeedsRealWire Limited Delivering Relevance, Releasing Influence Send Release|Receive Releases|Archive|FAQ's RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Issue Date 13 Feb 2017 Images Bill McHenry view The NGD data centre campus in South Wales, UK view Related Links About NGD Tags Data Centre Cloud Computing Big Data HPC IoT Brexit Release Feed RSS FeedNext Generation Data Feed Share Release Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Digg This blink it Reddit! Stumble It! Add to Diigo Bookmark this on Delicious Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Press Release JP Morgan Chase global IT head to aid post-Brexit trade drive for Europe’s largest data centre campus operator Bill McHenry appointed as Non-Executive Director Cardiff Capital Region – 13 February 2017: Next Generation Data (NGD) today announced the key senior management appointment of Bill McHenry who has joined the board as a Non-Executive Director. Bill McHenry Based in New York, Mr McHenry is Managing Director, Global Head of Critical Systems, JP Morgan Chase. He brings over 35 years IT industry experience including specialist knowledge in data centre infrastructure and facilities management. With his considerable network of business contacts and first-hand knowledge of the North American data centre industry, he will play a key role in NGD's post-Brexit international expansion strategy. Commenting on Bill McHenry’s appointment, Simon Taylor, NGD’s Chairman, said "NGD is delighted that Bill has joined us to help shape and deliver our international growth strategy, with a particular focus on the US market where we are already experiencing growing demand. Bill’s reputation and contacts will be of immense value as we move to secure more contracts directly with major US-based corporations." Bill McHenry added: “I am very pleased to be on board at NGD as a Non-Executive Director and excited by the opportunity of helping accelerate the company’s growth internationally. I firmly believe NGD’s world class mega data centre ticks all the boxes for many major US based enterprise corporations and service providers looking for more secure, future-proof facilities in Europe. The company has already proven its capability for consistently meeting and exceeding the stringent IT and hosting requirements of several global cloud and enterprise organisations.” NGD’s multimillion dollars 750,000 sq ft data centre campus was opened seven years ago and is the largest in Europe. Earlier this year the company secured significant funding from Infravia Capital Partners to accelerate expansion. About NGD Europe Located in the Cardiff Capital Region, NGD is a purpose-built carrier-neutral Tier 3 facility offering 750,000 sq feet (gross internal area) of highly secure and cost-effective space housing up to 22,000 racks. These can be arranged into self-contained and colocation data halls of various sizes all with independent services, resilient power and cooling systems. NGD Europe’s environmentally-friendly high level technology infrastructure has been designed to meet and exceed the ever increasing demand for more computing power. Among its many features are a high capacity 180 MVA power supply direct from the super grid and sourced from 100 per cent renewable energy; and a variety of on-site high-speed, low latency carrier interconnects. For further information: Next Generation Data Ltd www.ngd.co.uk Contact us +44 (0)1522 883640Follow us RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Copyright © 2011 - 2017 Realwire Limited, all rights reserved.Privacy Policy   |   Disclaimer
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boise Cascade L.L.C. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boise Cascade L.L.C. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (BCC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (NYSE:BCC) from a strong sell rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “Boise Cascade Company operates as a wood products manufacturer and building materials distributor. The Company manufactures engineered wood products, plywood, lumber and particleboard and distributes wood products, such as decking, EWP, lumber, panel, particleboard, and MDF products. It has operations primarily in the United States and Canada. Boise Cascade Company is headquartered in Boise, Idaho. “ Separately, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) lowered shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $25.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $27.50. Shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (NYSE:BCC) opened at 26.25 on Tuesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.02 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.93 and a beta of 2.07. Boise Cascade, L.L.C. has a 1-year low of $13.80 and a 1-year high of $29.95. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $24.19 and its 200 day moving average is $23.96. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/boise-cascade-l-l-c-bcc-upgraded-to-hold-by-zacks-investment-research.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in BCC. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC raised its stake in shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. by 60.8% in the second quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC now owns 2,060,764 shares of the company’s stock valued at $47,295,000 after buying an additional 778,948 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. by 4.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 216,440 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,967,000 after buying an additional 9,672 shares in the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. by 5.3% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 51,531 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,183,000 after buying an additional 2,581 shares in the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its stake in shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. by 13.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 5,444 shares of the company’s stock valued at $125,000 after buying an additional 658 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. by 2.1% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,643,740 shares of the company’s stock valued at $37,722,000 after buying an additional 34,226 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 97.49% of the company’s stock. About Boise Cascade, L.L.C. Boise Cascade Company, formerly Boise Cascade, LLC., is a plywood and engineered wood products (EWP) manufacturer and building materials distributor with operations throughout the United States. The Company’s segments include Wood Products, Building Materials Distribution, and Corporate and Other. Its Wood Products segment manufactures plywood, EWP, studs, particleboard and ponderosa pine lumber. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (BCC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Boise Cascade L.L.C. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boise Cascade L.L.C. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 9 P/SUNNY TOKYO (6 p.m.) Markets 113.95 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Business / Economy Trump-Abe rapport won’t stop yen from passing 100, JPMorgan says Bloomberg Feb 13, 2017 Article history Online: Feb 13, 2017 Last Modified: Feb 13, 2017 PRINT SHARE Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s success in avoiding any clash over exchange rates with U.S. President Donald Trump at a summit meeting hasn’t resolved underlying conflict, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. “We continue to think politics will be a main driver for dollar-yen this year,” Tohru Sasaki, head of Japan markets research at JPMorgan in Tokyo, wrote in a report Monday. “Japan will soon realize that the peaceful weekend in Florida is over and face reality. The U.S.’s protectionism would create downward pressure on the dollar against funding currencies.” The yen tumbled in the initial response to the Trump-Abe meetings, where the two leaders delegated the task of overseeing economic dialogue to the vice president and deputy prime minister. Even so, Sasaki said he was “comfortable” with his call that the yen could climb past 100 by the end of 2017. Sasaki last year projected that Trump’s trade policies would prove bad for the dollar in much the same way as during the 1993-95 period during Bill Clinton’s administration. His forecast compares with a median yen target of 117 per dollar by the end of this year, a Bloomberg survey shows. While Trump last month said that Japan and China “play the money market, they play the devaluation market and we sit there like a bunch of dummies,” his meetings with Abe on Friday and Saturday focused on national security ties rather than economic issues. Exchange rates weren’t entirely absent from the gathering, however. The president in a joint news conference Friday with Abe, following a separate phone call between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, said that the currencies of the U.S., China and Japan would soon be on “a level playing field.” Hugs and hand-holding characterized the bilateral meetings. “As far as the currency devaluations, I’ve been complaining about that for a long time — and I believe that we will all eventually and probably, very much sooner than a lot of people understand or think, we will be all at a level playing field,” Trump said without specifying how that would happen. The next day, five hours on a golf course in Florida underscored the personal rapport between the new U.S. leader and Abe. “Considering Trump’s remarks in the past, trade and currency policy-related discussions from here would not necessarily continue to be smooth and friendly,” Sasaki said. There is still the “possibility that the U.S. will continue to criticize weak yen going forward.” Keywords China, Shinzo Abe, U.S., yen, dollar, currencies, Donald Trump Related Trump and Abe hit it off during round on Florida golf course Economy Japan’s export-driven growth on shaky ground amid sluggish domestic demand Deja vu as currency traders forced to brush up on trade data skills Japan’s economy grew 1.0% in 2016 despite slower last quarter Trump trumpets ‘phenomenal’ tax announcement, divulges no specifics Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Abe says Trump encouraged him to boost ties, dialogue with Putin The Japanese and love — more complicated than you think Apa under fire again, this time for anti-Semitic remarks Suit opens in Tokyo court over cervical cancer vaccine side effects Toshiba says it is now considering selling majority stake in flash memory spinoff U.S. believes Pyongyang agents killed Kim Jong Nam; Malaysia cops seek female pair who fled in cab Solid fuel believed used in North Korean missile, setting stage for mobile, stealthy arsenal Fired once by Obama, Flynn quit because he’d become ‘lightning rod’ over Russia ties: Conway Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (NASDAQ:BWLD)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by equities research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. They presently have a $155.00 price target on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG’s price objective would indicate a potential downside of 2.85% from the company’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. BMO Capital Markets set a $190.00 price objective on shares of Buffalo Wild Wings and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 21st. Wedbush reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $180.00 price objective on shares of Buffalo Wild Wings in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and set a $148.00 price objective (down from $151.00) on shares of Buffalo Wild Wings in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Canaccord Genuity lifted their price objective on shares of Buffalo Wild Wings from $150.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Finally, BTIG Research reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Buffalo Wild Wings in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Buffalo Wild Wings currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $158.90. Shares of Buffalo Wild Wings (NASDAQ:BWLD) opened at 159.55 on Thursday. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.79 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.16 and a beta of 0.96. Buffalo Wild Wings has a 12-month low of $122.25 and a 12-month high of $175.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $153.54 and a 200 day moving average of $156.84. Buffalo Wild Wings (NASDAQ:BWLD) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.87 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.27 by $0.40. Buffalo Wild Wings had a net margin of 4.76% and a return on equity of 15.58%. The business earned $492.40 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $519.65 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.32 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Buffalo Wild Wings will post $5.82 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/buffalo-wild-wings-inc-bwld-rating-reiterated-by-deutsche-bank-ag.html. In related news, CEO Sally J. Smith sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.59, for a total transaction of $333,180.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 46,893 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,811,904.87. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO Sally J. Smith sold 1,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $149.61, for a total transaction of $224,415.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 45,393 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,791,246.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.19% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in BWLD. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 170.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 26,355 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,710,000 after buying an additional 16,621 shares during the last quarter. American Century Companies Inc. raised its position in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 4.7% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 6,988 shares of the company’s stock valued at $971,000 after buying an additional 313 shares during the period. Legal & General Group Plc raised its position in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 0.6% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 4,921 shares of the company’s stock valued at $687,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the period. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY raised its position in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 2.0% in the second quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 30,481 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,235,000 after buying an additional 611 shares during the period. Finally, Nomura Holdings Inc. raised its position in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 691.3% in the second quarter. Nomura Holdings Inc. now owns 15,178 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,120,000 after buying an additional 13,260 shares during the period. 92.00% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Buffalo Wild Wings Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc (Buffalo Wild Wings) is an owner, operator and franchisor of restaurants featuring various menu items. The Company’s restaurants feature a bar, which offers a selection of 20 to 30 domestic, imported and craft beers on tap, as well as bottled beers, wine and liquor. The Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants feature various menu items, including its Buffalo, New York-style chicken wings spun in one of its signature sauces from sweet to screamin’ hot, which includes Sweet barbeque (BBQ), Teriyaki, Bourbon Honey Mustard, Mild, Parmesan Garlic, Medium, Honey BBQ, Spicy Garlic, Asian Zing, Caribbean Jerk, Thai Curry, Hot BBQ, Hot, Mango Habanero, Wild and Blazin’, or signature seasonings, Buffalo, Desert Heat, Chipotle BBQ, Lemon Pepper, and Salt & Vinegar. Receive News & Ratings for Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Mint50 mutual fundsElection news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Mon, Feb 13 2017. 04 38 AM IST CX Partners winds up structured credit business The fund has sold its investments and returned money to investors, says Shishir Jain, who has resigned as managing director Subscribe to our newsletter. Deborshi Chaki The exit of CX Partners from structured credit business comes at a time when a number of PE entrants are looking to tap opportunities. Mumbai: Domestic mid-market private equity (PE) fund CX Partners has wound up its mezzanine debt fund called CX Intermediate Capital Fund. The fund has sold its investments and returned money to investors, said Shishir Jain, who has resigned as managing director of the fund. Jain, however, declined to disclose details of total capital returned or the number of investments made by the fund. “It was a relatively small fund and I am not in a position to share any further details about it,” Jain said in a phone interview. The fund, a hybrid of debt and equity, mainly invested in companies which are not fully backed by PE firms or those looking for last-mile funding to complete projects. CX had hired Jain in 2011 from JPMorgan Chase, where he was an executive director and head, India (principal investment management). Jayanta Basu, managing partner of CX Partners, said, “CX has exited CX Intermediate Capital as the partnership strongly feels that we would like to concentrate on the private equity space and not any other asset class”. According to two people familiar with the development, CX Partners had raised around $70 million in early 2014 for its structured credit fund and begun investing from the fund even as it continued to raise another $200 million in committed capital from overseas investors. Recently, it participated in a Rs400 crore (nearly $60 million) funding round in Hyderabad-based NSPIRA Management Services Pvt. Ltd with Olympus Capital Asia Credit. According to news portal VCCircle, CX Partners had, through its mezzanine funding arm, invested in Agarwal Packers and Movers Ltd in November 2015 in a deal that helped the Delhi-based logistics company buy out Kotak Private Equity from a group firm. While Basu declined to comment on the reasons behind the decision to wind up the business, the people cited above said that it was primarily due to a lack of investor interest. The exit of CX Partners from structured credit business comes at a time when a number of PE entrants are looking to tap opportunities. Mint reported on 6 February that Baring Private Equity Asia, one of the largest Asia-focused PE funds, is raising a new India-dedicated credit fund of Rs500 crore with a greenshoe option of Rs250 crore. CX Partners, founded in 2009, manages a fund with a corpus of $500 million and has invested in companies including Barbeque Nation Hospitality Ltd, Sapphire Foods India Pvt. Ltd, Ujjivan Financial Services Pvt. Ltd, South Indian Bank, Karur Vysya Bank, Thyrocare Technologies Ltd and Minacs. In December 2015, Ajay Relan, co-founder CX Partners, stepped down as managing partner and co-founder. Jayanta Basu was appointed managing partner with responsibility for its day-to-day operations. Mint had earlier reported that CX Partners is in the process of raising its second PE fund of $500 million. Apart from investing capital, the PE fund has started seeking exits. According to the people cited above, it is currently in talks to exit its investment in surgical equipment maker Sutures India Pvt Ltd. One of its portfolio companies, Security and Intelligence Services (India) Ltd (SIS), received regulatory approval for an initial public offering (IPO) in January this year. Deborshi Chaki Topics: CX Partners structured credit private equity Shishir Jain PE funds More From Livemint READ MORE Game Review: PES 2017 is more fun than FIFA Mobile Time for India to build future around cognitive computing, says IBM president India, Indonesia top destinations for Chinese investors seeking high yields First Published: Mon, Feb 13 2017. 01 14 AM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart outsells Amazon in December, January on bumper smartphone sales 100 days of demonetisation: A Mint reading list Founder tantrums at Infosys: Is the ordeal over? Latest News Time for India to build future around cognitive computing, says IBM president India, Indonesia top destinations for Chinese investors seeking high yields Mangalore Refinery to shut 60,000 bpd crude unit for 25 days in April-May Air India inducts first Airbus 320 neo plane, to lease 13 more this year Trai begins operator-assisted drive tests to check growing call-drop menace Mint On Sunday Free play is serious business Despatch from the Garden City: When Bengaluru celebrates its oldest residents Rolling rotis in Amritsar’s Golden Temple Letter from... A diet chart The 26 best date spots around the world Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 39-52 We set you thinking Thursday 16 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Entertainment Fresh Off The Boat star in negotiations for lead role in Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore 1487237220 Singapore Two childcare centres under probe for alleged questionable practices 1487235060 World Kim Jong Un cements power in North Korea’s Game of Thrones 1487237513 World North Koreans, in eye of storm, fete leader’s birthday 1487236560 China&India China’s overseas investment, property purchases slump as capital controls bite 1487237208 World Indonesia trying to verify if citizen involved in Kim death 1487237201 World Scuffles, tear gas as anti-police protests reach Paris 1487234050 World South Korea court plans to end impeachment hearings on February 24: Yonhap 1487234346 World Saudi foreign minister optimistic about overcoming Mideast challenges 1487234872 World Attack hits mourners in Yemen, killing nine women, one child: residents 1487235345 World Assad says Trump travel ban targets terrorists, not Syria's people 1487233814 Business Austria to sue Airbus over suspected Eurofighter fraud: APA news agency 1487234310 World Exclusive: China 'Silk Road' project in Sri Lanka delayed as Beijing toughens stance 1487235028 World Thai authorities enter Buddhist temple to search for wanted monk 1487235229 World Malaysia pledges to return Kim body after autopsy, police makes third arrest 1487235600 World Poison’s long history as murder weapon 1487235360 Lifestyle Singapore Airlines 1487188980 World Assassinated North Korean lived quiet, but open life in Macau 1487231942 World Pakistan raids hideout of militants behind surge of attacks; six dead 1487232833 Business SMBC head says will give Toshiba as much support as possible 1487233045 World Exclusive: EU preparing early China summit in message to Trump - sources 1487233691 China&India Bird-flu deaths rise in China, shutting poultry markets 1487233602 World Refugees serve up coffee and life lessons in California 1487231940 Singapore Hri Kumar appointed as Deputy AG from March 1 1487232720 World Germany's Schaeuble, U.S. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin agree to cooperate 1487231503 World Russia says Pentagon should not seek to build ties from position of strength: agencies 1487231356 World Britain's Labour faces backlash in working-class heartlands 1487231228 World Top UK judge hits back after Brexit uproar over court ruling 1487230529 World Philippine Supreme Court allows election recount for defeated Marcos 1487230126 World Displaced people of Syria's "beehive" villages dream of return 1487228970 Sports Aussie swimming great Grant Hackett goes missing, described as 'mentally disturbed' 1487215200 World It’s time for happy hour — with your cat 1487230560 World Future uncertain for miracle dogs that survived blaze 1487229480 Business GM's Opel, Peugeot lagging rivals in strong European market: ACEA 1487229219 World Burundi government will not attend planned peace talks 1487228650 Singapore ITE College East suspends student seen attacking another in viral video 1487223600 World Malaysia may release body of Kim Jong Nam to North Korea after probe 1487227324 World U.N. Syria envoy says plans to meet Russia's Lavrov in Munich: agency 1487227155 World South Korea court rejects prosecution request on raid to presidential office: Yonhap 1487227048 Business Snap sets valuation at lower end of expectation: WSJ 1487227833 World Kim Jong-nam, the hunted heir to a dictator who met death in exile 1487226360 Business OCBC’s Q4 profit falls 18%, hit by bad loans in oil sector 1487102520 China&India Villagers glorify children in China festival 1487226600 Daily Focus Would you let someone who’s not a dentist pull your teeth? 1487227905 Singapore Median household income growth slows to 2.6 per cent in 2016 1487219640 World Venezuela Catholic Church feels backlash after chiding Socialists 1487225892 World South Korean prosecutor seeks extension for corruption investigation 1487224534 Business Newspapers aim to ride 'Trump Bump' to reach readers, advertisers 1487225840 Business Atomico closes $765 million tech venture fund, Europe's biggest 1487225087 Business Samsung chief questioned behind closed doors in arrest warrant hearing 1487216935 Business Can the global economy strengthen further this year? mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 4:00 AM, February 13, 2017 A strong start to the year sets the pace for the rest of it, or so they say. However, I prefer to leave the complicated task of prophecy to the soothsayers. What is safe to say is that global economic conditions in the first six weeks of this year have improved, compared with the earlier part of last year. The global economy started 2017 with growth gaining momentum, according to business survey data. The JPMorgan Global PMI, compiled by Markit, rose for a fifth successive month in January to a near-two-year high. Growth was led by developed economies, with especially strong expansion in business activity seen in the United States, the United Kingdom and Europe. Emerging markets grew as well, but continued to underperform against the rich world — a trend for the past three years. In part, the collapse of prices for globally-traded commodities since 2014 have constrained growth in emerging economies. Global demand has picked up. Businesses have raised output to meet rising sales. Moreover, global exports increased at the fastest rate in almost six years, suggesting trade is picking up, especially in European countries and the UK. Trade growth was buoyed by weak exchange rates. Employment growth has also remained steady. And global businesses are becoming more optimistic about the year ahead. An improving world economy seems to justify the exuberance in financial markets, especially in equities. While these developments are welcome, there are signs to suggest that stronger economic growth is far from guaranteed. First, business conditions in Asia are not improving as fast as in the developed world. Second, the bulk of jobs growth is centred in advanced economies, while employment numbers are stagnant in Asia. Finally, inflation has been intensifying across the globe, with stronger price pressures linked to higher oil and other commodity prices. Especially large cost increases were seen in the UK, Eurozone and China. At the same time, global companies were unable to raise selling prices as quickly, thereby placing a squeeze on their profit margins. Higher business costs also forced businesses to put aside hiring plans. If inflationary pressures continue to build, firms may have little choice but to charge higher prices. Consumers will then face costlier products and services. It is paradoxical that global growth is strengthening at a time of increasing political and policy uncertainties, which may hinder growth. This results in more questions than answers. What are the paths of Brexit and US regulatory, tax and trade policies? How will elections in some European countries pan out? How will rising US interest rates and further dollar strength affect emerging growth? ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Bernard Aw is an economist at IHS Markit mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yellen responds to warning, says Fed has authority on global talks Workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant reject union Without big YouTube star, Google faces setback in content plans White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World Kim Jong Un cements power in North Korea’s Game of Thrones Indonesia trying to verify if citizen involved in Kim death North Koreans, in eye of storm, fete leader’s birthday Malaysia pledges to return Kim body after autopsy, police makes third arrest Poison’s long history as murder weapon Business Austria to sue Airbus over suspected Eurofighter fraud: APA news agency SMBC head says will give Toshiba as much support as possible GM's Opel, Peugeot lagging rivals in strong European market: ACEA Snap sets valuation at lower end of expectation: WSJ Newspapers aim to ride 'Trump Bump' to reach readers, advertisers Sports Once Asia's footballing pride, Myanmar's prolonged slide in the sport continues Aussie swimming great Grant Hackett goes missing, described as 'mentally disturbed' Shanghai SIPG sign ex-Madrid defender Carvalho STTA overhauls annual awards, with axed paddler Feng Tianwei missing out Madrid police talk to Maradona after altercation at hotel Entertainment Fresh Off The Boat star in negotiations for lead role in Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore 10 S’pore singers, actors and comedians want to Car-aoke with you Moby claims he has intel on Trump administration and Russia Guns ‘N Roses sorry over Aussie city mix-up Without big YouTube star, Google faces setback in content plans About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (SXCP) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research February 12, 2017 Robert V. Boyd Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SXCP) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report released on Thursday morning. They currently have $22.00 price objective on the stock. According to Zacks, “SunCoke Energy Partners L.P. manufactures metallurgical coke used in the blast furnace production of steel. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. is based in Lisle, Illinois. “ Separately, FBR & Co lifted their price target on shares of SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. from $16.00 to $19.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a research note on Friday, October 21st. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SXCP) opened at 18.80 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $868.80 million, a PE ratio of 9.40 and a beta of 1.32. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. has a 52-week low of $5.66 and a 52-week high of $21.95. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $19.81 and its 200-day moving average is $16.79. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be issued a $0.594 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 13th. This represents a $2.38 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 12.64%. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P.’s payout ratio is currently 119.00%. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Arrow Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. by 10.4% in the second quarter. Arrow Investment Advisors LLC now owns 92,004 shares of the company’s stock worth $994,000 after buying an additional 8,700 shares during the last quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. purchased a new position in shares of SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. during the second quarter worth $2,007,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. by 279.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 22,767 shares of the company’s stock worth $246,000 after buying an additional 16,767 shares during the last quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG purchased a new position in shares of SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. during the second quarter worth $305,000. Finally, KCG Holdings Inc. purchased a new position in shares of SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. during the second quarter worth $142,000. Institutional investors own 12.40% of the company’s stock. About SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. is engaged primarily in producing coke used in the blast furnace production of steel. The Company also provides coal handling and/or mixing services at its Coal Logistics terminals. The Company’s segments include Domestic Coke, Coal Logistics, and Corporate and Other. Its Domestic Coke segment consists of the Haverhill Coke Company LLC, Middletown Coke Company, LLC and Gateway Energy and Coke Company, LLC cokemaking and heat recovery operations in Franklin Furnace, Ohio; Middletown, Ohio, and Granite City, Illinois, respectively. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (SXCP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Business Post navigation The Northern Trust Corporation to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.09 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (NTRS) The SunTrust Banks, Inc. Lowers Simon Property Group, Inc. (SPG) to Hold Related posts February 16, 2017 James Williams 0 The Ultra Electronics Holdings plc (ULE) Price Target Increased to GBX 2,260 by the Analysts at the J P Morgan Chase & Co Ultra Electronics Holdings plc (LON:ULE) had its price objective increased by J P Morgan Chase &... February 16, 2017 James Williams 0 The Lithia Motors, Inc. (LAD) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from the Analysts Shares of Lithia Motors, Inc. (NYSE:LAD) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the... February 16, 2017 James Williams 0 The Randgold Resources Limited (GOLD) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from the Analysts Shares of Randgold Resources Limited (NASDAQ:GOLD) have received an average recommendation of “Buy” from the nineteen... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Ultra Electronics Holdings plc (ULE) Price Target Increased to GBX 2,260 by the Analysts at the J P Morgan Chase & Co The Lithia Motors, Inc. (LAD) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from the Analysts The Randgold Resources Limited (GOLD) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from the Analysts The Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Increases Position in Aetna Inc. (AET) The Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Has $29,825,000 Position in Fluor Corporation (FLR) The Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Molina Healthcare Inc (MOH) The Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc. (NVLS) EVP David Malcom Rodman Sold 6,687 Shares The Finisar Corporation (FNSR) Stake Raised by the Rothschild Asset Management Inc. The Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Shares Bought by the Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp The Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Shares Sold by the Meyer Handelman Co. The Strs Ohio Has $26,731,000 Stake in Exelon Corporation (EXC) The Celgene Corporation (CELG) Decreased to “Sell” by The Zacks Investment Research The Patterson-UTI Energy (PTEN) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates The Transocean (RIG) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes The Marriott International (MAR) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes The Total SA (FP) Given a €49.00 Price Target at the Deutsche Bank AG The Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (IFF) Rating Decreased to Neutral at the Exane BNP Paribas The Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Now Covered by the Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. The Felipe Simonsen Buys 18,000 Shares of Mercom Capital Plc (MCC) Stock The Nils Smedegaard Andersen Buys 22,145 Shares of BP plc (BP) Stock © DailyQuint.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bearish Sugar? Here Are 6 Things That May Spoil the Surplus by Isis Almeida @isiscarol14 More stories by Isis Almeida February 12, 2017, 12:58 AM EST February 12, 2017, 4:00 PM EST Most analysts forecast a return to surplus in 2017-18 season El Nino, India and even Trump could spoil the bearish party Why Traders May Need to Hedge Their Sugar Bet Counting on next season’s return to surplus to buy your sugar cheap? You may want to hedge your bets. While most analysts forecast supplies will exceed demand in the 2017-18 season that starts in October for most countries, stockpiles will remain at historically low levels, "affording little latitude for under-performance in the major sugar producing countries," according to Sean Diffley, head of sugar and ethanol at Tropical Research Services, which advises hedge funds. With more than eight months to go, a lot could still go wrong to wipe out the 1 million to 3 million metric ton surplus range forecast by analysts including TRS, F.O. Licht GmbH and Kingsman SA, a unit of S&P Global Platts. “There are a lot of balance sheets there that the trade is looking at that have best-case scenarios built into them,” said Michael Gelchie, a trading director at Sucres et Denrees SA, know as Sucden. “We still have a lot of weather variability to get through,” he said, adding that “the market doesn’t have the domestic stocks to handle another weather event.” From the return of El Nino to the continuation of Indian imports and even the policies of U.S. President Donald Trump, here are six key concerns that participants at the Dubai Sugar Conference say could spoil the bearish party. El Nino Less than a year after the end of one of the strongest El Ninos on record, bringing dry weather and havoc to crops in Asia, meteorologists are already forecasting its return. Climate models suggest neutral conditions or El Nino are the most likely scenarios for the southern hemisphere winter-spring period, Australia’s Bureau of Meteorology said last month. The odds that the weather pattern would form by the end of the year are now 50 percent, up from a previous rating of 36 percent, the U.S. Climate Prediction Center said Thursday. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up "The models are suggesting that El Nino may resurface in the second half of 2017," said Tracey Allen, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in London. "There are wide expectations that Asian sugar production will normalize this year and that’s really very much dependent on the monsoon. That’s also a pivotal point for sugar production and potentially the transition to a more neutral to surplus balance going forward in the 2017-18 season." Indian Rebound Bears are counting on the rebound of production in Asia. But the scale of the recovery in India is still uncertain, said Gareth Forber, head of sugar research at LMC International. That’s because water scarcity last summer in the state of Maharashtra has limited plantings of cane that will be harvested 18 months later. "Secondly, water is still a problem in Karnataka so production may not rebound in this part of the country," he said. Another factor that may trump the bears could be Indian imports. The South Asian nation may continue to bring in sugar in the 2017-18 season to help replenish tight stockpiles, said Tom Secretan, an analyst at London-based commodities trader ED&F Man Holdings Ltd. Talking of Trump Traders attending the conference are concerned about uncertainty over U.S. President Donald Trump’s policies. Trump is seeking a review of the North American Free Trade Agreement, which allows Mexican sugar to flow into the U.S. In the long term, this uncertainty could reduce incentives for Mexican growers to keep producing. Counting on EU Traders are counting on a rebound in European Union production as a system of quotas end on Sept. 30. Kingsman sees output rising 14 percent to 19.3 million tons. Production could rise to 20 million tons, Markus Neundoerfer, a director of the sugar unit of Suedzucker AG, the bloc’s largest producer, said Sunday. While prices that rallied 28 percent in New York last year, the most since 2009, bring every incentive for growers to boost sowings, beets that will be planted for next season aren’t even in the ground yet. China Imports Chinese imports could surprise to the upside, said Jonathan Drake, chief operating officer of RCMA Commodities Asia Pte. and former head of sugar at Cargill Inc. The nation already surprised traders last year, bringing in 3.7 million tons of white sugar, he said. "Everyone underestimated China last year," Drake said. "It’s hugely profitable to import into China." Brazilian Real Lastly in Brazil, the currency in the world’s largest producer is getting stronger, potentially reducing the incentive for millers to sell, and raising the price level at which they favor ethanol over sugar production. The real gained 22 percent last year, the most since 2009, and has advanced another 4.4 percent this year. "My view is that we could very well see a similar sugar mix in 2017-18 but that’s based on expected strength in crude oil prices, and the potential for domestic gasoline prices to continue to rise in line with world market prices," JPMorgan’s Allen said. "The strength in the real more recently is also a very interesting factor going forward because most anticipated a slightly weaker foreign-exchange rate than where we are today." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.76 Per Share (BWLD) February 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (NASDAQ:BWLD) – Research analysts at Feltl & Co. cut their Q1 2017 EPS estimates for Buffalo Wild Wings in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. Feltl & Co. analyst M. Smith now forecasts that the firm will post earnings per share of $1.76 for the quarter, down from their previous forecast of $1.95. Feltl & Co. currently has a “Hold” rating on the stock. Feltl & Co. also issued estimates for Buffalo Wild Wings’ Q2 2017 earnings at $1.37 EPS and Q3 2017 earnings at $1.26 EPS. A number of other equities analysts have also recently commented on BWLD. BMO Capital Markets set a $190.00 price target on Buffalo Wild Wings and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday, November 20th. Morgan Stanley reissued an “equal weight” rating and set a $148.00 price target (down previously from $151.00) on shares of Buffalo Wild Wings in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Telsey Advisory Group lowered their price target on Buffalo Wild Wings from $170.00 to $162.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday. Wedbush lowered their price target on Buffalo Wild Wings from $155.00 to $150.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday. Finally, Barclays PLC lowered their price target on Buffalo Wild Wings from $195.00 to $177.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $158.90. WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/11/buffalo-wild-wings-inc-expected-to-post-q1-2017-earnings-of-1-76-per-share-bwld.html. Buffalo Wild Wings (NASDAQ:BWLD) opened at 159.55 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $2.79 billion, a PE ratio of 31.16 and a beta of 0.96. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $153.54 and its 200-day moving average price is $156.84. Buffalo Wild Wings has a one year low of $122.25 and a one year high of $175.10. Buffalo Wild Wings (NASDAQ:BWLD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.87 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.27 by $0.40. Buffalo Wild Wings had a return on equity of 15.58% and a net margin of 4.76%. The company had revenue of $492.40 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $519.65 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.32 EPS. Buffalo Wild Wings’s quarterly revenue was up .4% on a year-over-year basis. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 170.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 26,355 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,710,000 after buying an additional 16,621 shares during the last quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP increased its stake in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 17,925.0% in the third quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP now owns 14,420 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,029,000 after buying an additional 14,340 shares during the last quarter. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC increased its stake in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 12.5% in the third quarter. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC now owns 81,308 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,443,000 after buying an additional 9,047 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 3.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 357,481 shares of the company’s stock worth $50,311,000 after buying an additional 13,242 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 9.1% in the third quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 1,442 shares of the company’s stock worth $203,000 after buying an additional 120 shares during the last quarter. 91.58% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/11/buffalo-wild-wings-inc-expected-to-post-q1-2017-earnings-of-1-76-per-share-bwld.html. In other news, VP Lee R. Patterson sold 520 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.90, for a total value of $85,228.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 5,350 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $876,865. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, COO James M. Schmidt sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.33, for a total value of $816,650.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 9,020 shares of company stock valued at $1,459,473. Company insiders own 1.19% of the company’s stock. About Buffalo Wild Wings Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc (Buffalo Wild Wings) is an owner, operator and franchisor of restaurants featuring various menu items. The Company’s restaurants feature a bar, which offers a selection of 20 to 30 domestic, imported and craft beers on tap, as well as bottled beers, wine and liquor. The Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants feature various menu items, including its Buffalo, New York-style chicken wings spun in one of its signature sauces from sweet to screamin’ hot, which includes Sweet barbeque (BBQ), Teriyaki, Bourbon Honey Mustard, Mild, Parmesan Garlic, Medium, Honey BBQ, Spicy Garlic, Asian Zing, Caribbean Jerk, Thai Curry, Hot BBQ, Hot, Mango Habanero, Wild and Blazin’, or signature seasonings, Buffalo, Desert Heat, Chipotle BBQ, Lemon Pepper, and Salt & Vinegar. Receive News & Ratings for Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Ahead of the Crowd 10 Stocks Set to Win Big With Trump Tax Cuts These companies get clobbered on taxes. If rates slide, their earnings could soar and shares could rally. By Jack Hough Biography Nov. 11, 2016 6:56 a.m. ET Shares of Kohl’s surged 11% on Thursday. One reason is that the department store handily beat quarterly earnings estimates. But ironically, another reason might have to do with earnings being held back. For the first three quarters of its current fiscal year, Kohl’s (ticker; KSS) reported earnings before taxes of $476 million. It set aside a $176 million provision for taxes, suggesting it could pay close to a 37% effective rate this year. Trump’s victory means that rate could quickly plunge, allowing more pretax earnings to... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Could Groupon Challenge Amazon Again? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Rising Rates Be Damned: Real Estate Looks Good Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Is Apple Ditching Fingerprints for Facial Recognition? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Energy Stocks Are on Sale And on Verge of Breakouts Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. How Market Insiders Buy Stock at Discounts Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 The Most Powerful Tool for Building Wealth 2 Ford, GM, Ramp Up Pressure on Tesla 3 Invest in Hedge Funds at a Discount Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Orthofix International N.V. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orthofix International N.V. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Analysts Expect Orthofix International N.V. (OFIX) to Announce $0.37 EPS February 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Orthofix International N.V. (NASDAQ:OFIX) has earned an average broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the two brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a strong buy rating. Analysts have set a 12-month consensus price objective of $50.00 for the company and are predicting that the company will post $0.37 EPS for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also given Orthofix International N.V. an industry rank of 201 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut Orthofix International N.V. from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Wednesday. Orthofix International N.V. (NASDAQ:OFIX) opened at 37.74 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $672.75 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 72.16 and a beta of 0.36. Orthofix International N.V. has a 1-year low of $32.51 and a 1-year high of $48.25. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $36.20 and a 200-day moving average price of $39.72. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in OFIX. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. increased its position in Orthofix International N.V. by 10.1% in the third quarter. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,176,748 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $50,330,000 after buying an additional 108,031 shares in the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can increased its position in Orthofix International N.V. by 856.7% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 102,618 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $4,390,000 after buying an additional 91,892 shares in the last quarter. Shell Asset Management Co. acquired a new position in Orthofix International N.V. during the third quarter worth approximately $527,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Orthofix International N.V. by 42.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 298,400 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $12,763,000 after buying an additional 89,181 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. acquired a new position in Orthofix International N.V. during the third quarter worth approximately $3,754,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.94% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/11/analysts-expect-orthofix-international-n-v-ofix-to-announce-0-37-eps.html. About Orthofix International N.V. Orthofix International N.V. (Orthofix) is a global medical device company. The Company is focused on providing reconstructive and regenerative orthopedic and spine solutions to physicians. The company operates in four segments: BioStim, Biologics, Extremity Fixation and Spine Fixation. Its BioStim solutions products include Cervical-Stim, Spinal-Stim and Physio-Stim. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Orthofix International N.V. (OFIX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Orthofix International N.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orthofix International N.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider Feb. 10, 2017, 12:32 PM 1,194 facebook linkedin twitter email print Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours.  Bridgewater Associates is as well known for being the world's largest hedge fund, with $150 billion in assets under management, as it is for its quirky culture of "radical transparency." An obvious question about the company is how — or if — Bridgewater's culture contributes to its success on the investment side. For the firm's co-CIO, Bob Prince, there's a clear correlation. We talked to Prince about the firm's  intense, unique culture, and how  he views the relationship between performance and working environment. We also recently caught up with Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, the head of US Equity Strategy at JPMorgan. Here's what he had to say about dollar strength, market volatility and where investors should put their money in 2017.  A former hedge fund manager who retired at 36 is sounding the alarm on the Trump trade. And Abby Joseph Cohen, the president of Goldman Sachs' Global Market Institute, is retiring. Elizabeth Warren and Tammy Baldwin wrote a letter to Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein asking how much influence Goldman has over Donald Trump. And one of the world's leading credit-rating agencies thinks Trump could be a disaster for the global economy. In deal news, the company behind Durex and Dettol just confirmed a $17.9 billion deal to buy a US baby milk maker. Wall Street stands to make more than $100 million from the deal. And Walt Disney is buying most of Saudi Prince Alwaleed's stake in Paris Disneyland. In corporate news: Under Armour denounces Trump travel ban after CEO praised president as 'a real asset for the country' Sears CEO Eddie Lampert will pay $40 million to settle a lawsuit that alleged he unfairly enriched himself with the company's "crown-jewel assets" The company behind Call of Duty and Candy Crush is soaring after reporting record revenue "Can't fly with broken wings" — Wall Street blasts Twitter for missing Q4 earnings Yelp plunges after sales outlook misses estimates In macro news, Canada's jobs report crushed it. And investors don't trust the Fed anymore, according to Business Insider's Pedro da Costa.  There's a bunch of news in the healthcare sector, too: The Senate has confirmed Trump's pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services The list price of a life-saving overdose treatment has skyrocketed 680% in the last 3 years — and now 31 senators want answers A decades-old steroid used to treat a rare disease just got approved by the FDA — and it costs $89,000 One of the largest middlemen in the drug industry just released a video showing why it should be able to remain secretive Here's how many people in every state don't have health insurance One chart shows just how devastating healthcare costs are for American families In other news, Tesla faces a unionization challenge after factory workers complain of injuries and long hours. Elon Musk called the attacks on Tesla's working conditions "morally outrageous." Lastly, here are 35 trips every couple should take in their lifetime. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hour Capital One is trying to curry favor with millennials with cafés around the US offering free Wi-Fi, local coffee and food, and complimentary money coaching — The more than 80 million people born into the millennial generation have grown up with technology by their side. This is how you know something desperate is going on in China's economy —The country has been suffering from money outflows for months — something that troubles Beijing because it pulls down the value of the Chinese yuan and makes the economy harder to manage. MARK CARNEY: Central banks need "the spirit of the millennial" —Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said he wants to improve diversity at the central bank to avoid "being mono-culture, secretive and ridden with groupthink." Greece is in trouble again over its "explosive" debt — here's why— Greece is back. A disagreement among Greece's creditors over how to deal with the country's "explosive" debt pile is making the market nervous. Trading volumes are crashing at China's 3 biggest bitcoin exchanges —Trading volumes at China's three largest bitcoin exchanges have plummeted after the central bank put the virtual currency market under sharper scrutiny a month ago in a move that coincided with official efforts to stem capital outflows. A banker who's been on Wall Street for 20 years explains why you shouldn't worry too much about your first job —RBC Capital Markets' technology investment banking cohead, Michal Katz, has called some big-name Wall Street firms home over the course of her over 20-year career in finance. SEE ALSO: The 27 most important finance books ever written Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Why these big banks are retreating in auto lending Tax cuts for banks (if they happen) may not go where you think BankThink There's no crisis in the auto loan market Damage from scandal continues to mount at Lending Club How GIS maps help banks chart course for branches, lending search goes here Why these big banks are retreating in auto lending By Kevin Wack Published February 13 2017, 5:40pm EST More in Auto lending Consumer lending Consumer banking JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo Capital One Print Email Reprints Share Share on Several large U.S. banks are hitting the brakes in auto lending, amid intense price competition and ongoing concerns that the sector’s rapid growth has brought new levels of risk. JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, BB&T and Ally Financial all reduced their auto loan originations by at least 10% in the fourth quarter from the same period in 2015, according to a new report from Autonomous Research. Subscribe Now Access to authoritative analysis and perspective and our data-driven report series. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial No credit card required. Complete access to articles, breaking news and industry data. Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Subscribe Register Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search US stocks end at record highs, extending 'Trump effect' rallyAFP – Mon, Feb 13, 2017 10:33 PM AEDT Wall Street stocks sprinted to another day of fresh records Monday, extending last week's rally on expectations President Donald Trump will soon present his promised tax cut plan. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 0.7 percent to close the day at 20,412.16. The broad-based S&P 500 gained 0.5 percent to end 2,328.25, as did the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index up 0.5 percent to 5,763.96. It was the third straight session that all three major indices ended at all-time highs following Trump's comments Thursday that he plans to release details about a "phenomenal" tax cut plan in the next two to three weeks. "It's just a carry over from last week," said Bill Lynch, director of investment at Hinsdale Associates. "The market seems to be giving Trump the benefit of the doubt." Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, said, "I am getting a sense of a party atmosphere and investors just do not want to be left out." Among the winners, several banks climbed on expectations that Trump will ease regulations imposed after the 2008 financial crisis. JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs and Citigroup all rose more than one percent. Technology shares with larger gains included Amazon, up 1.1 percent, and Tesla Motors, up 4.2 percent. Apple climbed 0.9 percent to finish at an all-time closing high of $133.29. But mobile phone companies were on the downswing after Verizon said it would sell unlimited data packages, a sign of rising competition among providers. Verizon lost 0.9 percent, AT&T fell 1.8 percent and T-Mobile US dropped 2.4 percent. Zeltiq Aesthetics, a maker of body sculpting technology that essentially freezes away fat, surged 13.2 percent after agreeing to be acquired by Allergan for $2.5 billion. Allergan rose 0.2 percent. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries rose 5.6 percent after reporting a fourth-quarter loss of $973 million due to the write down of assets from a recent acquisition. Despite the loss, analysts said they were reassured by the generic drug maker's confirmation of its earnings outlook. Explore Related Content 1 - 1 of 1 prevnext Fluminense não fazia cinco gols em uma partida … LANCE! Na ocasião, Tricolor goleou o Corinthians por 5 a 2 na reta final do Brasileirão. Cristóvão Borges … Top Stories » Trump proposes stricter Obamacare rulesAAP The Trump administration has proposed changes to the Obamacare individual insurance market that insurers have said … Ten warns of an earnings lossAAP Trump meets retail CEOs on border tax planAAP Star lifts profit despite high roller hitAAP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now NBN Gerard Baden Clay Car insurance comparison Rolf Harris Sports bet James McGowan Travel insurance comparison Kim Jong Nam Car insurance quote Flynn leaks Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items No, Trump Isn’t Imploding — But the Opposition Is Broad and Intense - 02/16/2017 - Yves Smith The CFPB’s Big Opponent, Jeb Hensarling, Rivals Trump in the “Make Stuff Up” Category - 02/16/2017 - Yves Smith 2016 Post Mortem: How Associated Press Reporter Lina Lerer Repeatedly Sandbagged Sanders - 02/16/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/15/2017 - 02/15/2017 - Lambert Strether Links 2/15/17 - 02/15/2017 - Yves Smith In California Farm Country, Trump’s Deportation Threat Looms Large - 02/15/2017 - Yves Smith “Civil Rights Groups” Throw Public Under the Bus on Net Neutrality for Their Big Telco Donors - 02/15/2017 - Yves Smith Euroland: Will the Netherlands Be the Next Domino To Fall? - 02/15/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/14/2017 - 02/14/2017 - Lambert Strether 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/13/2017 Posted on February 13, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Readers, I got caught up in the Oroville situation, so I’ll add some more on politics shortly. –lambert Trade “President Donald Trump’s threats to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement are already rippling across the Mexican economy. Mexican output growth is projected to slow to a near halt in 2017, the WSJ’s Robbie Whelan reports, with business investment tumbling amid long-term concern over Mexico’s dependence on exports. Exports account for a third of the country’s economic activity, and some 80% of those go to the U.S. Mexico’s leaders are speeding up negotiations for expanded trade deals with the European Union and opened talks with Argentina and Brazil aimed at easing the country’s dependence on U.S. grain” [Wall Street Journal]. #OrovilleDam Alert reader Bob got interested and provide some material. Here’s a useful video giving a helicopter’s-eye view. Note that this video was taken before the emergency spillway was used. They knew they had a problem before they had to use it. Bob comments: “[A]t about 6:30 they zoom in and show a concrete pumper truck with a concrete truck feeding it. They are trying to ‘patch’ an area below the emergency spillway with A) boulders and then B) grout. Where those pumper trucks are is where they think they have the problem.” Bob summarizes: They have 2 ongoing problems, one new, one old: 1) the spill way is not intact. The main spillway is broken. They can’t do much to fix it, and the hole keeps getting bigger, although it’s far enough from the lake and impoundments that it’s not undermining them. 2) the emergency spillway. This is getting lost in the newz mess. That area to the left that’s meant to shed water is apparently being undermined by the water flowing over it for the first time ever. That’s the area with the pumper trucks, just next to the higher wall for the main spillway. Not sure how it’s being undermined, but it looks like it is being undermined. This is geology of the existing hlll, and I can’t add anything to it. It may be concrete tied to bedrock (should be) but I don’t know. Too much other mess there to see. Water like this tends to scour down til it can’t anymore. To which I would add 3) they need to lower the lake so predicted rain later this week doesn’t overtop the dam. So, they have to use the spillways to do that, but using the spillways is dangerous. I don’t envy them the trade-offs. Hey, as long as the cores don’t melt… * * * Here’s a handy diagram showing the dam and the spillways: #Orovilledam graphic by @CA_DWR Shows threatened auxiliary spillway. pic.twitter.com/FyJJP4e3AU &mdash; Kurt H (@khphotos) February 13, 2017 “Live updates: Mass evacuation below Oroville Dam as officials frantically try to make repairs before new storms” [Los Angeles Times]. “More than 100,000 people were told to evacuate because of a ‘hazardous situation’ involving the Northern California dam’s emergency spillway. At one point, the [National Weather Service] warned that the auxiliary spillway was expected to fail and could send an ‘uncontrolled release of flood waters from Lake Oroville.’ However, by late Sunday night, officials said the immediate threat had passed because water had stopped washing over the emergency spillway.” “Water stops spilling over Oroville auxiliary spillway” [KCRA]. “While evacuation orders remain in place for many communities and cities around Lake Oroville and downstream along the Feather River, Lake Oroville has fallen below 100 percent capacity of 901 feet to 896 feet — 3,489,000 acre-feet of water — as of 9:30 a.m., according to the California Department of Water Resources. At its peak, the lake was at 902.59 feet… However, officials are still looking to lower the lake another 50 feet — or more than 675,000 acre-feet of water — to allow space in the lake for the upcoming storm, projected to arrive Thursday. ” UPDATE There was an inspection of the spillway at first light (see here), but I can’t find information that gives the results, hours later [snarl]. Readers? “Oroville Dam: Feds and state officials ignored warnings 12 years ago” [San Jose Mercury News]. “Three environmental groups — the Friends of the River, the Sierra Club and the South Yuba Citizens League — filed a motion with the federal government on Oct. 17, 2005, as part of Oroville Dam’s relicensing process, urging federal officials to require that the dam’s emergency spillway be armored with concrete, rather than remain as an earthen hillside.” See also “State was warned about inadequacy of emergency spillway” [Oroville Mercury Register]. More quotes from locals and activists. UPDATE “Too much water: How Oroville Dam problems became a crisis” [Los Angeles Times]. “With northern Sierra precipitation levels tracking ahead of the wettest year on record so far this winter, Oroville managers have a nerve-racking several months ahead of them. “There’s a lot of snow up there,” said Bill Croyle, acting director of the Department of Water Resources.” Yikes. So the story isn’t over with this week’s storm to come. Unless it is. “PHOTOS: Oroville Dam Spillway Trouble and Evacuation” [KQED]. Politics Trump Transition “Moreover, given some past comments by Mr. Trump and his aides, many companies worry that the administration plans new restrictions on visas for high-skilled workers from abroad, among other potential changes to the immigration system that could be unwelcome to Silicon Valley” [Wall Street Journal, “Trump Takes on Tech Industry in Early Policy Moves”]. That’s the lead. UPDATE “Reality check: After three weeks, Trump has hit a Washington wall” [USA Today]. “‘Being head of a family business is just about the worst preparation imaginable for the institutional constraints of Washington,’ says William Galston, a veteran of the Clinton White House staff. ‘Donald Trump is in for a set of experiences that will be entirely novel to him.'” That’s why Trump needs his own James Baker; but one doesn’t seem to be on offer. That said, volatility voters didn’t elect Trump because he wouldn’t rock the boat. And surely Galston knows that the Clinton Dynasty is, exactly and precisely, a family business? UPDATE “Turmoil at the National Security Council, From the Top Down” [New York Times]. One way to shovel back the tide of bullshit is to look at the sourcing. Six paragraphs down, here it is: This account of life inside the council — offices made up of several hundred career civil servants who advise the president on counterterrorism, foreign policy, nuclear deterrence and other issues of war and peace — is based on conversations with more than two dozen current and former council staff members and others throughout the government. All spoke on the condition that they not be quoted by name for fear of reprisals. So the access journalism here could be true, even given priors at the Times. What I get out of the story: The Blob is pissed. And if Trump really is the person he is portrayed as being — Baby Hitler, a lunatic with his hands on the button, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera — you’d think that at least one of these sources would be willing to risk their career by going on the record about it. But no. UPDATE “Trump’s national security adviser Flynn trying to survive crisis” [Reuters]. Same deal. Let’s look at the sourcing: “officials said.” Oh, OK. Again, if the story means that Flynn is a traitor or a Russian stooge, doesn’t it make sense that somebody would be willing to go on the record about it? UPDATE “The Spy Revolt Against Trump Begins” [The Observer]. Begins? Begins?! What’s interesting is that The Observer is Kushner’s house organ. So WTF? “‘President Trump is backtracking on every economic promise he made to the American people,’ Mr. Sanders, (I., Vt.), said on NBC’s Meet the Press on Sunday. ‘He is appointing Wall Street bankers, the same people he told us he would oppose, to very high positions'” [Wall Street Journal]. “Mr. Sanders, who has emerged as a leader of Democratic Party progressives, also pointed to pledges by Mr. Trump not to cut entitlement programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.” Gotta love Bernie, plugging away on actual vote-getting policies amidst the pearl-clutching and yammering. I mean, come on. If we didn’t appoint bankers to high office, would that end racism? No! UPDATE Sanders in West Virginia: “‘So what if you lose, you’ll win the next time,’ Sanders said. ‘Let me just tell you, I also know one of the things that really troubles me when I talk to people, they say, ‘You know Bernie, I just don’t know enough about education or economics or health care to run.’ I work in the United States Senate. If you saw some of the guys in the United States Senate, your confidence in yourself would soar” [Charleston Gazette-Mail]. Realignment and Legitimacy “Every leading contender to take over the Democratic National Committee believes Hillary Clinton focused too much on attacking Donald Trump at the expense of articulating an affirmative case for holding the White House” [which they’ve obviously doubled down on, along with doubling down on every other tactic that failed]. During their final showdown before the chairman’s election in Atlanta on Feb. 25, there was consensus that the party’s problems derive mainly from subpar organization and communication — not anything fundamental” [WaPo]. Like organization isn’t fundamental. And one of the few lessons I retained from organization behavior is that communication is never the problem. Perez is the clear front-runner, but he still does not have the votes locked up. With backing from key figures in Barack Obama’s orbit (Joe Biden) and the Clinton machine (Terry McAuliffe), he is the establishment favorite. But his progressive bona fides are beyond question, from his tenure as a Montgomery County councilman to helming the Justice Department’s civil rights division. That makes it hard for Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.), who won an early endorsement from Sanders and Chuck Schumer, to get too far to Perez’s left. That is part of the explanation for why the chairman’s race lacks much ideological tension. Well, there is that little matter of the Podesta mail where Perez explains to the DNC how to smear Sanders as a racist. But other than that… UPDATE “The DNC Contenders Are Not Interested In Your Populist Moment” [HuffPo]. “Many committed Democrats are following the DNC race as a fight for the future of the party. After a devastating presidential defeat and nearly a decade of steady losses in Congress and at the state level, there aren’t many other political battles for party activists to focus on. But the candidates themselves are not catering to grass-roots organizers or rank-and-file voters. They’re seeking the support of a majority of DNC members ― mostly state party leaders and political appointees ― and doing their damnedest to avoid ruffling any feathers.” UPDATE “Three weeks into President Trump’s term, the Democratic Party and progressive establishment have almost entirely adopted the demands of a restive, active and aggressive base” [WaPo]. BWA-HA-HA-HA!!!!!!!!! I mean, really? The Democrats are now supporting Medicare for All? Did I not get the memo? “You don’t know who does what in a bloc, you don’t look to find out. If bodies run out of formation to take a rock to a Starbucks window, they melt back to the bloc in as many seconds. Bodies reconciled, kinetic beauty” [Natasha Leonard, The Nation]. I remember Graeber peddling the same nauseating stuff from his own comfortable perch. And so what if half the black bloc are cops? Ego, ego, ego. Stats Watch There are no official statistics today, so I’ll catch up on The Bezzle. Supply Chain: “Dutch payments company Adyen saw a big jump in the number of transactions it processed last year for clientele including Facebook, Airbnb, Spotify, Uber and Netflix. Transaction volume increased by 80 percent on-year to $90 billion in 2016, the company said on Wednesday” [CNBC]. “While Adyen’s 2016 revenue is yet to be released, in 2015 it earned about $350 million in revenue against a transaction volume of $50 billion — which means Adyen grossed about 0.7 percent of every dollar processed in 2015. The company says it’s been profitable since 2011.” Supply Chain: “[Kellog’s,] the maker of Froot Loops, Pop-Tarts and Keebler cookies will ship its goods to the stores’ own warehouses and leave it up to grocery chains to manage the movement to their retail sites. Kellogg says it’s following its customers who are increasingly doing their shopping online, a shift that is chipping away at the traditional economics behind supplier-store relationships. At Kellogg, that will mean shuttering 39 U.S. distribution centers with more than 1,000 workers as it consolidates moves to grocery warehouses” [Wall Street Journa]. Shipping: “‘Aggressive’ cape scrap price could entice owners to head for the beach” [Splash 247]. “Global shipowning body BIMCO warned recently that far more scrapping is needed in dry bulk to try and right the still troubled supply/demand equilibrium. BIMCO said it is vital that 30m dwt of bulkers are scrapped this year as there is a serious influx of new tonnage coming in from Asian yards this year and next.” Why don’t we just set up the shipyards right on the beach, then? Wouldn’t that be more direct? Shipping: “While US east coast ports reported increased volumes in 2016, there is little evidence of a boost in volumes from the expanded Panama Canal, according to new research from SeaIntel” [Lloyd’s List]. Concentration: “Amazon’s Antitrust Paradox” [Lina M. Khan, Yale Law Journal]. “Amazon is the titan of twenty-first century commerce. In addition to being a retailer, it is now a marketing platform, a delivery and logistics network, a payment service, a credit lender, an auction house, a major book publisher, a producer of television and films, a fashion designer, a hardware manufacturer, and a leading host of cloud server space. Although Amazon has clocked staggering growth, it generates meager profits, choosing to price below-cost and expand widely instead. Through this strategy, the company has positioned itself at the center of e-commerce and now serves as essential infrastructure for a host of other businesses that depend upon it. Elements of the firm’s structure and conduct pose anticompetitive concerns—yet it has escaped antitrust scrutiny.” The Bezzle: “Amazon does have a very complex system in place for weeding out counterfeits. These processes range from taking action based off of buyer and seller complaints to a sophisticated algorithm that spiders through all the pages on the site, flagging potential counterfeits and dumping them into a massive queue for fraud prevention teams to inspect manually. It is in this later stage where the system appears to break down” [Forbes]. “Michael Jakubek, who worked on Amazon’s fraud and abuse prevention teams between 2004 and 2012, stated bluntly that the quality of the Amazon marketplace comes down to the quality of these manual investigations. He posits that one of the main reasons why so many counterfeit listings continue falling through the gaps of Amazon’s quality control dragnet is that these investigation teams are not simply being trained or administered properly. ‘The big problem with this is that the investigators get rewarded based on how quickly they go,’ Jakubek said. ‘There’s no reason they can’t identify that these sellers are bad, but they’re compensated to go so quickly that they typically just do really cursory reviews.'” The Bezzle: “Despite passing the big-scary-number and terrifying-narrative tests, the college debt burden just doesn’t quite analogize so well with the housing collapse. Though there are some factors that weigh on the side of eventual catastrophe – the debt can’t be extinguished in bankruptcy, the population of borrowers are particularly vulnerable to suasion and fraud – there are more differences than similarities” [Dealbreaker]. “For one thing, Goldman won’t build a credit-default swap for you based on some student loan metric. Without a universe of CDS’s and CDOs floating around, the industry doesn’t face the same threat of systemic rupture in the event that millions of students stop making payments. Moreover, the government backs up most student loans, making the bubble, in the worst scenario, ‘a fiscal headache rather than a financial risk,’ as one Wall Street economist told Business Insider.” The Bezzle: “Uber hires veteran NASA engineer to work on flying cars” [Daily Dot]. Weigh the salary against the PR value… The Bezzle: Full list of 22 companies with California permits to test self-driving cars [247 Wall Street]. Uber’s not on it. The Bezzle: “I can report that [the Tesla Model S] autopilot works perfectly on motorways, and adequately on undivided A-roads, but you probably shouldn’t use it on B-roads unless you’re feeling brave. Basically, autopilot’s primary mode of operation is following road markings. If there aren’t any central or side lines, autopilot attempts to follow the car in front—and if there’s no car in front, autopilot disengages. I had one particularly close call when the road markings had disappeared due to resurfacing, and then the car in front turned a corner. The car didn’t really know what to do, and ended up veering sharply towards a hedge” [Ars Technica]. “It is a curious thing, though, that Tesla recommends you only use autopilot on divided highways—but that recommendation isn’t enforced in software. Perhaps Tesla should just disable autopilot completely when GPS detects that you’re on a B-road?” The Bezzle: “Here’s How Time Warner Cable Was ‘Ripping You Off’ All Those Year” [Vice]. “In a blockbuster lawsuit filed Wednesday in New York State Supreme Court, Schneiderman accused Time Warner Cable, which last year was absorbed by telecom titan Charter Communications, of conducting a years-long ‘systematic scheme’ to defraud and mislead consumers by promising internet service that the company knew it could not deliver. The complaint alleges that Time Warner Cable executives were well aware that the company could not fulfill advertised claims about a variety of offerings, including high-speed internet service, in-home wireless connectivity, and reliable access to services like Netflix and online gaming platforms.” The Bezzle: “A Florida software engineer and a New Jersey pastor are expected on Monday to face trial in a case stemming from an investigation into a bitcoin exchange and a data breach at JPMorgan Chase & Co” [Reuters]. 2017 is already great! Honey for the Bears: “The January US Federal Budget recorded a surplus of $51.3bn compared with a surplus of $55.2bn the previous year and compared with consensus forecasts of a surplus near $40.0bn” [Economic Calendar]. Just what the economy needs: Money sucked out of it. Political Risk: “Given the importance of the forthcoming Presidential election, French opinion polls will continue to be monitored very closely in the short term. Only a relatively small move in polling support in either direction for National Front leader Le Pen would lead to sharp fluctuations in French asset prices and also trigger important Euro moves with major concerns surrounding the Euro’s future if National Front poll ratings improve further” [Economic Calendar]. Political Risk: “Congress could limit the Fed’s independence — and hurt the U.S. economy” [WaPo]. “My research shows that the Fed has had tremendous influence over international standards on bank capital since the 1980s, ensuring that domestic efforts to prevent another financial crisis are not undercut by lax regulations in other parts of the world.” Since the 1980s… Worked great, didn’t it? Rapture Index: Closes down on volcanos: “A decrease in volcanic activity has downgraded this category” [Rapture Ready] Record High, October 10, 2016: 189. Current: 181. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 72 Greed (previous close: 68, Greed) [CNN]. One week ago: 57 (Greed). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Feb 13 at 11:39am. Any political risk that the Clintonite irredentists in the intelligence community might create is already in the price? Dear Old Blighty “Journalists who obtain leaked official material could be sent to prison under new proposals” [Telegraph]. “In theory a journalist leaked Brexit documents deemed harmful to the UK economy could be jailed as a consequence.” “A council is facing ridicule after advising residents to put their rubbish in the freezer to stop it smelling after it cancelled collections over Christmas and New Year” [Telegraph]. Our Famously Free Press “Ask people here about their news habits, as I did last week, and you’ll discover that their choices transcend easy categories and inside-the-Beltway perceptions (like, for example, that CNN is for liberals). And you’ll hear, over and over, that what matters most are the news sources that are closest to home” [WaPo]. “Trump may have effectively demonized the national media. But in a dozen interviews here last week, Luzerne residents indicated their satisfaction with their main news sources: WNEP Channel 16, the ABC affiliate in Wilkes-Barre; and the two competing Wilkes-Barre daily papers: the Citizens’ Voice (which endorsed Clinton) and the Times Leader (which made no endorsement).” Which explains why your letter to the editor is far more important than clicking on a petition, or even calling your Congression. (If your first doesn’t get published, keep at it; the editor likes a track record. Be calm, focused, and concise. Anger isn’t a plus, either, unless expressed as humor.) “The term ‘fake news’ itself is a masterpiece of ideological speech. Calling reports ‘fake news’ is a desperate attempt to communicate that one’s own report is ‘real news.’ But making this claim is clearly a power play just as much as it is an attempt to refer to something in the world” [Hampton Institute (DB)]. Not sure about Althusser. I’m an E.P. Thompson person myself…. Class Warfare Excellent tweetstorm: 1. You spend time in places like Youngstown. And you walk around. And you think, &quot;Damn. This is what the status quo has provided…&quot; pic.twitter.com/HNUEKhZYAN &mdash; Chris Arnade (@Chris_arnade) February 13, 2017 “Creating Career Advice For The About-To-Be-Automated Worker” [Fast Company]. Darkly hilarious. “How Women’s Studies Erased Black Women” [Daily JSTOR]. “Now that Women’s Studies itself is on the chopping block at many institutions, perhaps white women are better able to identify with the women they once overlooked.” Of course, economics has nothing to do with any of this… “Update: ‘Scariest jobs chart ever'” [Calculated Risk]. Reality is just as scary even if the chart is not, because the jobs are crapified and precarious, wages are in the toilet, and ZOMG!!!! Robots!!!! “I accept the Truman Capote Award in this spirit of justice. I would be remiss, therefore, if I did not address another injustice tarnishing the literary critical profession. I am, so far as I can tell, the first adjunct faculty member to receive this award. To be sure, I have one of the best non-ladder positions available. My paychecks cover my bills. I have health insurance. I can work full time. I know by the end of June if my appointment is renewed for the fall. And yet I am one of over one million non-tenure-track instructors working on a temporary or contingent basis and whose position offers no possibility of tenure. To be contingent means not to know if you’ll be teaching next semester or if your class will be canceled days before it starts. Most adjuncts receive less than three weeks’ notice of an appointment. They rarely receive benefits and have virtually no say in university governance” [Chronicle]. “Yet to talk about adjuncts is to talk about the centerpiece of higher education. Tenured faculty represent only 17 percent of college instructors. Part-time adjuncts are now the majority of the professoriate and its fastest-growing segment. From 1975 to 2011, the number of part-time adjuncts quadrupled. And the so-called part-time designation is misleading because most of them are piecing together teaching jobs at multiple institutions simultaneously. A 2014 congressional report suggests that 89 percent of adjuncts work at more than one institution; 13 percent work at four or more. The need for several appointments becomes obvious when we realize how little any one of them pays.” News of the Wired “Anonymous social networks expose the dark underbelly in medicine” [KevinMD]. “University attacked by its own vending machines, smart light bulbs & 5,000 IoT devices” [Network World]. Exciting! (As I read it, though the case study is anonymized, the events are real.) “Shoveling Snow Can Kill Men, Canadian Study Finds” [CNBC]. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (via): One for the East Coast…. Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00400 This entry was posted in Water Cooler on February 13, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Republicans Deploy CRA Authority to Roll Back Regulations Bill Black: New York Times’ Andrew Ross Sorkin Tries to Make Hank Paulson a Hero → Subscribe to Post Comments 245 comments Tom Stone February 13, 2017 at 2:09 pm Three and a half million acre feet of water is a LOT of water. And there’s a lot more coming when the snow melts…it could get real messy downstream because many levee’s are in very poor condition. Reply ↓ Lee February 13, 2017 at 3:29 pm 10 Years After Katrina, Will California’s Capital Be The Next New Orleans? https://thinkprogress.org/10-years-after-katrina-will-californias-capital-be-the-next-new-orleans-83efd3b9294#.mmky2odz0 Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 13, 2017 at 4:54 pm Kaltrina 2017! :-0 Reply ↓ subgenius February 13, 2017 at 5:19 pm For those unaware of it, you may wish to look into the details of Sacramento and floods in the 19th century…It was flooded repeatedly from about 1849, and the kicker was 1862. http://www.nytimes.com/1862/01/21/news/the-great-flood-in-california-great-destruction-of-property-damage-10000000.html Reply ↓ Glen February 13, 2017 at 3:48 pm Don’t worry, the Trump will fix it by partnering with Cheap A$$ Damn Builders, China, Inc. Financed by the vampire squid. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 13, 2017 at 4:36 pm We can’t rule out (axe) hacking Russians sabotaging the main spillway in order to help Trump intimidate those rebel CaExit politicians in Sacramento. Of course, one more fake charge or fake accusation could again make Trump stronger (or less weak). Reply ↓ ambrit February 13, 2017 at 6:35 pm Cast Trump as Hercules, and Sacramento as the Augean Stables and it suddenly makes sense. See: http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/Herakles/stables.html Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 13, 2017 at 7:14 pm Does that mean Trump will be worshiped as Krishna in India, or Shukongoshin (Vajrapani) in Japan? Reply ↓ ambrit February 14, 2017 at 2:20 am In the “darkly” perverse metrics of modern politico-mythopoesy, Trump has already staked out a position reminiscent of “Robin Hood.” Mz Ivanka as Maid Marian adds luster to the story. The harder the “elites” try to tear Trump, the public person, down, the stronger the backlash from a substantial portion of the public. I think that the Never Trump cohort doesn’t get that Trump has identified himself with “aspiration” in much of the public’s unconscious. Attacking Trump on a personal level is subconsciously equated with an attack on the “average” citizen’s “self.” I’m not sure how he did this, but Trump appears to have pulled off a “master stroke.” Reply ↓ b1daly February 14, 2017 at 4:41 am Part of how he did was by setting up the cultural elite as the enemy, and then actually defying the social norms of that elite. Which is pretty unprecedented for a modern politician. He also set up immigrants as the “other,” and again gave people social permission to scapegoat that other. Scapegoating is a powerful instinct, as old as the hills, and in modern American politics it has become “politically incorrect.” ( I think this represents actual social progress, as modest as it is.) It just feels good to scapegoat others, as it provides an illusion of control, against the existential anxiety and risk that comes with being alive. Trump caught a demographic wave that fit with his political voodoo, allowing him to just squeak by. There were just enough voters, in the right places, to whom this psychological structure might appeal. In part, I think there is a strong a**hole component to his appeal. Incredibly, many of his voters think of him as being some kind of straight-shooting “truth teller.” They (hypothetical Trump voter) might say: “It’s like he gets me. I can understand what he’s saying, he’s not afraid to speak the truth, and tell all these upitity PC idiots to shove it.” Part of my theory is that we all have an inner a*hole, who we have to keep under control, and repressed. The angrier people get, the more they feel justified letting that side of themselves out. The demographic that went for Trump represented a cultural group that had lost position in the social hierarchy of the US, both economically, and culturally. Loss loss leads to anger. Trump is one of the biggest a*holes in modern memory, so just him getting out there and saying, you guys have a right to be angry, and it’s ok to be an a*hole, was like a revelation to some people. They bonded. They were validated. Admittedly, I might not have all of the details worked out, but these are my provisional theories. Dilbert author Scott Adams (who is unbearable to me) has a loosely articulated theory about Trump and persuasion. To his credit, he called the Trump win long before any other high profile pundit. His take was that Trump is a master persuader, and deliberately uses pro-active techniques to persuade. There’s more to it, but a big component is appeal to emotion, not facts. http://blog.dilbert.com/post/156532225711/the-persuasion-filter-and-immigration The thing that was fascinating to me, was that it’s clear does have some powerful persuasion skills, but only for a subsection of the population. I, and a majority of US citizens, find him repellant. That’s a paradox. So I was not persuaded that Trump is a master persuader. One thing that Trump clearly excels at, is picking out the weaknesses in his opponents, and powerfully summing them up in simple, bit indelible, insults. Part of this ability is the hallmark of a bully, which is, once again, transgression of social norms. Normal people, with a modicum of social instinct and empathy, learn not to attack opponents in social conflict with their sharpest weaknesses. Even though we can all pick up on others flaws, our empathy, and socialization, hold us back from humiliating others in public. However, many of us are not above standing in a circle watching with interest as the bully shoves his hapless victim’s face into the dirt of the schoolyard playground. Metaphorically speaking. Also, some people just like to see shit burn. Reply ↓ Outis Philalithopoulos February 14, 2017 at 11:07 am A core rhetorical practice in your comment involves offering up a sort of empathy for other people, while letting ambiguity over who “us” is shift back and forth. The ultimate effect is to subvert the apparent empathy and rhetorically other those people. When you say “it just feels good to scapegoat others,” “we all have an inner a*hole,” “many of us are not above standing in a circle watching with interest as the bully…,” you are, in words, including yourself with the people you are psychologically analyzing. However, you then make it clear that you are not one of them. Thus you say, “was like a revelation to some people,” “some people just like to see shit burn,” where “some people” refers to others. Those people have not repressed their inner a*hole, though you have; those people give in to their instinct to scapegoat, though you recognize that they should not do so. Upon removing this rhetorical undergirding, your argument becomes the following: A significant subsection of the population is emotionally primitive – they seek for scapegoats, they are looking for an excuse to let out their repressed a*hole, they applaud bullies who shove their victim’s face into the dirt, they enjoy watching shit burn. Their primitiveness is connected to their (illegitimate) rage at lost cultural and economic status. The rest of the population is emotionally mature, and is viscerally repelled by all of this. Trump’s political voodoo consists in having given the emotionally primitive people permission to release their dark ids. They appreciate this service and repay him with loyalty. I will critique this stylized picture in a subsequent comment. Reply ↓ Outis Philalithopoulos February 14, 2017 at 12:34 pm Continuing… The reason I am writing a fairly detailed response is that your “provisional theories” are the standard go-to depiction of non-Democratic voters in mainstream liberal culture, and have been for at least five years. That doesn’t automatically make them wrong, and it’s worthwhile to look at how accurate they are. In brief, my position is that your analysis makes too sharp a distinction between the culturally mature and the culturally primitive, effectively attributing two very different psychologies to two fairly disjoint groups of people. We know instead from polling that many people voted for Trump despite these behaviors and not because of them; on the other hand, to find plentiful examples of similar behavior in anti-Trump culture, all one has to do is look around. I was taken aback by your statement: Scapegoating is a powerful instinct, as old as the hills, and in modern American politics it has become “politically incorrect.” What have we seen from the liberal establishment since November 8 but scapegoating? Done in a politically correct way, perhaps, but still… Or “watching with interest as the bully shoves his hapless victim’s face into the dirt” – this is a ubiquitous feeling while reading comment threads, including liberal-leaning ones. A sibling mentioned to me a recent movie (or TV program?) where the noble president, after learning the location of an evil terrorist leader, calls up the terrorist to mock him before blowing him up in a drone strike. This sort of thing is all over popular culture. If these sorts of dynamics bother you, then critique them wherever and whenever they are found. If you use them as a proxy for political or cultural divisions, then you merely fan the fires of tribalism. I will finally add that there is something very social Darwinist in the current vogue of disdain for cultural and economic “losers.” In the beginning, it may have had some sort of vaguely ironic intent, as if to mock the rhetoric of Reaganomics; but that is now long past, and what may have once been meant subversively has metamorphosized into uncritical acceptance of what is fundamentally a very right-wing perspective (in the right-libertarian sense). Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:15 pm I too found Trump repellent and unpersuasive. But I find the Clintons to be darkly evil. So I voted for Trump to stop the Clintons before they kill again. Your theory doesn’t account for people like me. Reply ↓ RenoDino February 13, 2017 at 6:59 pm That KCRA chopper footage along with the pilots comments is pure catnip. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob February 13, 2017 at 2:16 pm “But his progressive bona fides are beyond question…” Why yes if he was endorsed by both Biden and Clinton they must be. Who could question that? /s Reply ↓ Praedor February 13, 2017 at 4:32 pm Clinton and Biden get to define the meaning of the word “progressive”. They also get to (re)define what “working families” or “working people” means (it means hedge fund managers, tech company CEOs, doctors, lawyers, etc. All else are deplorables). Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 6:16 pm Remember when Obama defined “middle class” as “earning $250,000 per year”? Good times. Reply ↓ Praedor February 13, 2017 at 4:32 pm Clinton and Biden get to define the meaning of the word “progressive”. They also get to (re)define what “working families” or “working people” means (it means hedge fund managers, tech company CEOs, doctors, lawyers, etc. All else are deplorables). Reply ↓ UserFriendly February 13, 2017 at 9:00 pm hahaha Nomiki Konst cornered Perez after the forum. She nailed him on at least 2 or 3 things. https://youtu.be/dt_FHJrV2m8 Reply ↓ jo6pac February 13, 2017 at 2:19 pm The snow levels are 150% to 175% of normal but water content at this time is around 50%. Sadly it’s running at 6500ft. Then there is more on the way starting late Wed. I don’t like BOLD;-( Reply ↓ Arizona Slim February 13, 2017 at 2:41 pm Try a close strong or a close bold tag? Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 13, 2017 at 2:47 pm Damn, the Dear Old Blighty Unclosed Bold Tag strikes again! Thought I’d fixed that… Reply ↓ Vatch February 13, 2017 at 2:55 pm The BOLD never sets on the British Empire. Reply ↓ Harry February 13, 2017 at 4:59 pm Yes, America is the land of the BOLD Reply ↓ PKMKII February 13, 2017 at 2:30 pm Tesla needs to stop re-inventing the wheel So having done these extraordinarily difficult things with near-unqualified success, why didn’t Tesla stop there? Instead, the Model X embodies reinventions of a parade of other features that were perfectly satisfactory before. And are deeply flawed in Tesla’s new format. Reply ↓ freedomny February 13, 2017 at 2:37 pm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHusZDjesr4 Wow. Stephen Miller is seriously scary. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL February 13, 2017 at 5:05 pm http://therealnews.com/t2/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=31&Itemid=74&jumival=15632 Thanks for that clip. Miller was pretty intense there, no doubt. But, I saw that guy before. He was much more nuanced on the Real News about a year ago. I didn’t agree with lots of what he had to say, but he was thoughtful and agreeable, then, and was looking for common ground with Paul Jay. Note how much more respectful he is towards Paul Jay. Now look at how he handles the Morning Joe crowd….all steel, no silk. I wonder if Trump encourages his guys to get out there and get tough with the media and get them all riled up. A couple of comments made after the clip seem to indicate as such. If so, Miller probably took it to heart and clearly overdid it (from our perspective). But, Trump seems happy. I really think the approach is to show no weakness and take no crap from the media under any circumstances. Morning Joe really needs the fainting couches. It was just an interview. Maybe they can work up some outrage for the starvation campaign underway in Yemen? After all, Miller hasn’t killed anyone….unlike our friends the Saudis. One more thing, I wonder if Miller might have been a bit nervous about getting on national TV for the Sunday talk shows and tried to cover it with more bluster and toughness. Trump’s approving tweets could then be seen as providing encouragement to a younger, somewhat inexperienced guy that he likes and has taken under his wing. Remember, Trump values LOYALTY above all. He knows he needs friends he can trust in Washington. He seems to trust Miller. With the intel agencies constantly trying to smear him, Trump’s focus on loyalty isn’t all that crazy. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL February 13, 2017 at 5:10 pm Again, I’ve commented in this vein before, but I think a lot of the media outrage is because they feel disrespected by Trump’s inner-circle. And check out the Real News clip, it’s interesting by itself, but moreso in context. Reply ↓ freedomny February 13, 2017 at 9:25 pm Hi JGL – yeah – took a look see at the Real clip. But what is your point? That the guy is NOT a ideological right wing authoritarian master wannabe? Because that is actually what he is. Reply ↓ Katharine February 13, 2017 at 5:43 pm Miller’s record as an undergrad at Duke was apparently not very pretty: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Miller_(political_operative) I note also that he appears to have no law degree, though he has made those extravagant statements about the courts and some members of Congress whose knowledge and understanding are surely greater than his. And he is not quite ten years out of college, at an age when quite a lot of people might still question his judgment even if he were not so recklessly belligerent. If he was more moderate in tone before reaching his present position, it may be that this position has gone to his head. His boss may not have a problem with that, but his boss is not as independent as he supposes. Somewhat relevant to that last thought is an article someone showed me, on leadership, written for people in information security training but with broader application: http://misti.com/infosec-news-trends/leadership-lesson-from-the-orchestra Reply ↓ JohnnyGL February 13, 2017 at 6:48 pm ” If he was more moderate in tone before reaching his present position, it may be that this position has gone to his head. His boss may not have a problem with that, but his boss is not as independent as he supposes.” – Yep, you might be right there. He might have also been trying to play nice with Paul Jay to convince possible frustrated lefties that watch Real News that Trump was worth taking a chance on. I thought he came across as pretty sincere in making his case, though, and he was clear in his attempt to get to the left of Clinton on trade and foreign military interventions. That’s something that would interest the NC crowd, as he seems to have Trump’s ear. Reply ↓ RenoDino February 13, 2017 at 6:43 pm He tool the baton from Kellyanne who underwent burnout under intense interrogation for several months. This guy is is dialed in right out the blocks to take her tone of attack and run with it. She’s older and more experienced and thus has more nuance. He’ll get there, but I like his energy and shock value. Reply ↓ freedomny February 13, 2017 at 8:05 pm If this is a double post – apologies. I pressed backspace and couldn’t find what I had written. The clip I posted was definitely edited to the “intense” bits for shock value. That being said, I do agree with Joe S assessment just by reason of the words that Miller chose and his demeanor. And the fact that he was all over the talk shows this past weekend. This is an authoritarian bone being thrown to push/see what they can get away with. Miller does not hide at all that this is an ideological war – he pretty much says it. We have 3 separate (but supposedly) equal branches of the government – but Trump is trying to exert the superiority of the Executive branch. And Bannon is evilly smart and will try to get around the checks and balances. I personally think this is going to go down very quickly. And, in terms of the “resistance”…..I read this morning that the organizers of the Woman’s March are now having a Billion March Love Revolution tomorrow (in honor of Valentines Day). They want you to call your congress/senate person in resistance and “love”. I am all for marches but when I read that…..jeeze Reply ↓ b1daly February 14, 2017 at 4:54 am This is a classic authoritarian move. Send underlings out to see if they will tell boldface lies on national television. It’s a “your with me, or your against” tactic. Once he finds people willing to lie in this manner, he can use them to build his administrative machinery. The more complicit they become, the harder it is to get out. There is no kindness towards young Mr. Miller here. He’s testing people, Conway, Spicer, now Miller. Sad. Reply ↓ Sandler February 13, 2017 at 5:57 pm Oh, you’d love his letter to the editor he wrote as a 16 year old: http://www.surfsantamonica.com/ssm_site/the_lookout/letters/Letters-2002/MARCH_2002/03_27_2002_Political_Correctness_Out_of_Control.htm Reply ↓ freedomny February 13, 2017 at 8:09 pm Well – that explains it… Reply ↓ JohnL February 13, 2017 at 2:40 pm My father had the first of his three heart attacks after shoveling snow. Lambert, here’s your missing . You’ll have to put it in the right place though. Reply ↓ JohnL February 13, 2017 at 2:42 pm Ha, wouldn’t show the missing closing bold tag I put in. Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry February 13, 2017 at 3:40 pm Ever coded a website in Notepad? Oy. Reply ↓ subgenius February 13, 2017 at 5:28 pm All the time, when using a Windows system from roughly 95-2005. Front and back end. Dreamweaver was terrible. Kind of like trying to write technical docs in word instead of latex – similarly I have coded relatively large actionscript interfaces and games in text editors, too. There was a time not that long ago where it was a sign of actually understanding the technology. It’s nice to see decent ides have appeared, but I still tend to use unix-derived/influenced text editors for such tasks even now. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 13, 2017 at 2:50 pm Ha. See how hard it is? They’re slippery, those close tags! Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun February 13, 2017 at 4:20 pm Mine too, New York 1971. It’s been recognised as a dangerous thing for middle aged men to do for decades. I’ve long suspected that one reason is that in winter even quite active people get lazy, so they’ve maybe been inactive for a few days, then go out and start shovelling hard. Its led to the myth that older people shouldn’t do high intensity exercise – in fact, its the opposite – its doing high intensity exercise regularly that should protect against dropping dead shovelling snow or running for a train. Reply ↓ fajensen February 14, 2017 at 3:24 am I had my wife do it. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun February 14, 2017 at 10:42 am Very wise precaution :) Reply ↓ alex morfesis February 13, 2017 at 2:40 pm BOLD (not just me)…panama papers…forgive me if it is a duplicate or was already discussed, but….panama papers MO/Fon founders arrested and NO bail…enjoy juanito(a) and his bunkee raulita http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/panama-papers-mossack-fonseca-bosses-refused-bail-arrest-bribery-scandal-lawyers-jurgen-ramon-a7575361.html Reply ↓ JohnL February 13, 2017 at 2:46 pm Rubbish in the freezer. Used to put toilet paper in the freezer but only before going out for a post-pub vindaloo and half of lager. Reply ↓ broadsteve February 13, 2017 at 2:57 pm One of life’s sublime pleasures. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim February 13, 2017 at 2:46 pm One of my friends was an adjunct professor. She was teaching communication courses in a university college of business. She had this to say about how adjuncts are treated: “You’re lower than whale shhhhh…” Use your imagination. The last word is one that can’t be published on a family blog. Reply ↓ Vatch February 13, 2017 at 2:56 pm Shiitake mushrooms? Reply ↓ Enquiring Mind February 13, 2017 at 3:20 pm They do practice Mushroom Management, after all. Keep you in a dark place, shovel it on, nature takes its course. Perhaps Seagull Management, where they fly in, squawk, dump and fly out could be re-purposed to include some organic mushroom appetizer for a greener style ;p Reply ↓ AnnieB February 13, 2017 at 3:28 pm I stupidly worked for peanuts, teaching English as an adjunct. I am shamed to reveal how little money I was paid; it seemed like a good thing while I was raising young children to have some flexibility in my working life. But I continued the adjunct life for too long. The solution is, as it was then and still is, for adjuncts to give up their teaching jobs and do something else. Universities would certainly be in a bind and deservedly so. Unfortunately, now it’s even more difficult to get hired with those credentials in any different career track position. (Ph.D.? “overqualified!”) So I can understand why some adjuncts feel they have to cobble together a bunch of teaching jobs to survive. Still, adjuncting is a worthless endeavor with no long term prospects. And, really, if you can’t earn enough save for an emergency fund, much less a retirement account, then what in God’s name are you doing to yourself by continuing along that path? Reply ↓ nycTerrierist February 13, 2017 at 3:59 pm x1000! “adjuncting is a worthless endeavor with no long term prospects.” Unless they don’t mind being exploited, adjuncts need to unionize and/or strike. This systemic exploitation is far too convenient for universities. Adjuncts should not make it easy for universities to treat them like shi(take mushrooms). Nothing will change unless this excellent source of cheap labor is no longer available. Reply ↓ Ulysses February 14, 2017 at 12:07 pm “Adjuncts should not make it easy for universities…” Yes!! These adjuncts also deserve the kind of support shown here by tenure-track professors in the Ithaca College Chemistry Dept., who await as we speak the results of a strike vote taken by contingent faculty at I.C.: “We, the undersigned continuing full-time faculty in the Department of Chemistry, support our part-time and contingent colleagues across campus in their collective union efforts to forge a mutually beneficial contract with Ithaca College. We feel it is in the interest of our students to have all their instructors compensated and treated fairly.   We deeply appreciate our highly-qualified contingent faculty’s dedication to teaching and all their invaluable contributions to the student’s whole college. Ithaca College and our department depend on their work every semester and this need is not likely to diminish in the foreseeable future. We support the determination of part-time instructors to improve their wages and working conditions at the college and to achieve a reasonable level of parity with their colleagues.While we are hopeful that a mutually beneficial agreement can be reached without disruptions to our students’ education – we do understand the factors that are causing the newly formed contingent faculty union to consider the legal strike as a last resort. In that case we will respect their decision and continue to support their cause.” http://www.ithaca.edu/intercom/article.php/20170214095034993#.WKM2y4WcHIU http://www.localsyr.com/news/local-news/some-ithaca-college-staff-to-vote-on-possible-strike-today/655394687 Reply ↓ Katharine February 13, 2017 at 5:01 pm “Overqualified” is a joke. You’re not overqualified to eat. Maybe try temping, avoiding indefinite term assignments. You get to see what’s out there while earning something, and you may stumble on a company with a job that could hold your interest. Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 6:21 pm Yes, and then they will keep you for 18 months as a temp, and then replace you with another temp, while you are banned from that company for at least a year — you know, for the worker’s protection. At least, that’s how I understand it works out here in the glorious Democratic one-party state of California. But from what I read about adjuncting, that still might be an improvement financially. Reply ↓ AnnieB February 13, 2017 at 8:00 pm Perhaps I didn’t express this idea clearly–employers often dismiss candidates with advanced degrees as “overqualified.” But adjuncts often end up working in jobs that don’t require advanced degrees because they, of course, have to earn an income. The Berkeley Ph.D. taxi driver or the fashion store clerk with a M.A. are cliched examples. The suggestion for career change through temping is still worthwhile despite aab’s accurate example of the revolving 18 mo temp assignment. Reply ↓ ambrit February 14, 2017 at 2:31 am That revolving obsolescence program can be as short as it takes for the worker to qualify for unemployment. Two women I know who worked for the General Dynamics Obamacare phone bank, situated in the decayed closer in to the city centre mall here, described exactly that sort of dynamic in play. I do know that that call centre prefers a degree and touch typing skills for $9.05 an hour to start. Conditions are so bad around here for “educated” workers that this “sweat shop” has more than enough middle class looking job applicants. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 2:47 am Same deal in my college town. Call center jobs are “good jobs.” Stressful, horrid management, and carpal. Yay! Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:29 am The only way all the adjuncts could quit is if there were something else paying as much for all the adjuncts to do. Is there? Reply ↓ Foppe February 14, 2017 at 2:36 am Afaik, most adjunct make a de facto min wage; I think it’s more an issue of them preferring the atmosphere of academia over other places of employment, plus ‘sunk costs’. Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 2:57 am I’ve read some brutal analyses that indicate a lot of them get paid less than minimum wage, once you factor in travel time from school to school, grading, course prep, etc. It must be painful to feel like the career you trained so long for is just out of reach for no good reason (watching the new buildings go up and the new administrators added on a practically daily basis). And instead of being a member of the academy, you have to go temp? I was under the impression there aren’t even a lot of temp jobs available. Have I just been reading unnecessarily dour reports on office employment? Reply ↓ Foppe February 14, 2017 at 3:29 am What puzzles me most is that they don’t organize very much; though I suppose the workload doesn’t help there, nor does the absence of shared interests across tiers (the few “deserving” folks who — through what is structurally no more than luck, though they probably confuse with “ability” — attain tenured status not daring to look their gift horse in the mouth), etc. But this situation has been ‘terrible’ for at least 2 decades now. So how? Reply ↓ b1daly February 14, 2017 at 5:03 am It does seem like the adjuncts would have some market power now that occupy so many teaching spots. They could shut down the whole school with a walkout. I wonder if there is some legal structure that makes it hard to organize? Reply ↓ Foppe February 14, 2017 at 5:34 am Probably the existence of a large ‘reserve army’, plus indivisual contracts for every course, make it dangerous to walk out. Too easy to be replaced. Reply ↓ Ulysses February 14, 2017 at 12:10 pm See my above comment for an example of organization at Ithaca College! Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:22 pm ” I can find 10 interns who will pay ME to LET them do your job! Now shut the eff up and get back to work!” Will mass quantities of University young people see how unpromising Academia is and just decide to step out of the hamster wheel? Thereby depriving the PhD machine of fresh meat? Reply ↓ jsn February 13, 2017 at 2:46 pm With regards to Oroville, if you pause the video at the 8:45 mark and compare it to the Kurt H twitter diagram, you will notice what appears to be a level lot to the right of the damaged spillway: in the diagram its a third of the way up the spillway, in the video the spillway walls have deteriorated to no longer contain flow up to about a hundred yards above that point. In other words, the bottom third to half of the spillway is already washed out. It would be interesting to know the time it took for this to degrade to this state. In the video you can clearly see the earth, fill at the end of the intact spillway falling away on either side, brown areas with ochre streaks flanking the cataract where the water flow shifts to foam. To the extent the spillway is built on fill it will continue to erode so long as water is flowing under newly exposed fill and washing away its underpinning. The grouting going on at the 6:30 mark, as noted by Bob, appears to be an attempt to stabilize or strengthen the “emergency spillway” where absolute overflow would impact. This suggests there are doubts about the sub-surface conditions in that location. If I recall correctly concrete attains about half its design strength in the first day after it’s poured so there appears to be time for it to cure and the boulders are probably intended as breakwaters to disorganize the force of overflow before it hits whatever is vulnerable below the boulders and concrete. Without knowing the foundation conditions for the balance of the deteriorating main spillway, the time lapse of erosion to date or the conditions under the emergency one, its impossible to assess which is the greater risk. Reply ↓ MtnLife February 13, 2017 at 3:38 pm Concrete generally is at 40% of compressive strength on the day of initial set and 70% in 7 days. Reply ↓ AnnieB February 13, 2017 at 3:50 pm Here’s an article with some updates. If you watch the video halfway down the article there is an interview with a resident who lives below the dam. She talks about the panic during the evacuation. http://www.modbee.com/news/article132379669.html “The department [of water resources] issued the evacuation advisory around 4:40 p.m. Sunday, just four hours after holding a press conference where they said they didn’t anticipate such problems.” http://www.eastbaytimes.com/2017/02/12/live-updates-oroville-dam-spillway-is-in-danger-of-failing/ More updates on the spillway this morning http://www.kcra.com/article/water-stops-spilling-over-oroville-auxiliary-spillway/8736758 Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 13, 2017 at 4:20 pm ‘There was an inspection of the spillway at first light (see here), but I can’t find information that gives the results.’ Not to be foily, but that’s probably intentional. A 100,000 cfs flow over raw ground is going to erode the hell out of it, whether it’s visible behind clouds of mist or not. Since overtopping the lip of the emergency spillway again means near-certain failure, they will just have let the main spillway rip for as long as it takes … or until something breaks. In the Colorado floods of 2013, my brother’s family were displaced for almost two months. FEMA handed out some emergency funds, but the amount was nowhere near enough to compensate for no work and temporary housing expenses (on top of mortgage payments or rent for unlivable homes). The reported 188,000 evacuees are going to be hurting and unhappy by the end of this week. Mother Nature’s in charge now. Reply ↓ jsn February 13, 2017 at 5:21 pm Looking at the KQED link with video apparently from today, it appears the failure on the main spillway is fairly static: main damage was documented back on the 7th and deterioration has not moved very far up the spillway from the initial point of failure. What’s down stream from the initial break is being systematically demolished but the failure is moving very slowly upstream. This does not look as dire as I thought. Still plenty scary, but if they manage the water level down to account for future flows without topping the emergency spillway it looks to me like there will be time to fix this. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 13, 2017 at 6:22 pm Lake Oroville needs 750,000 acre-feet of spare capacity (about 20 percent of its total capacity) for flood control, according to Wikipedia. To reach there from 100% full, they would need to get back to the bottom of this chart (i.e., about 2.75 million acre-feet): https://cdec.water.ca.gov/jspplot/jspPlotServlet.jsp?sensor_no=3379&end=&geom=small&interval=30&cookies=cdec01 With a week of rain forecast to start Thursday, it doesn’t appear they will have achieved nearly as much spare capacity as desired, when it starts filling up again. I would not want to be making the hydrological management decisions, much less the population management decisions. If residents return and then a catastrophic breach occurs, no public official wants to be on the hook for mass deaths. Their refusal to let residents return says that this deal could still go down. Reply ↓ mk February 13, 2017 at 10:48 pm Exactly. It’s supposed to rain at least 7 days starting Wednesday night: https://www.wunderground.com/weather-forecast/US/CA/Oroville.html Reply ↓ RabidGandhi February 13, 2017 at 2:47 pm I don’t have the paywall money or the Dramamine to read the WSJ article, but just a couple of points about Nafta: 1. Before Nafta, Mexican farmers generally kept their own country fed with a grain surplus. Nafta flooded heavily-subsidised US grain onto the Mexican market, forcing millions of agricultural workers to flee north in the ensuing depression. Replacing US grain with South American grain is a band-aid but no solution to a problem that was created by Nafta. Mexicans need jobs, not more imports. 2. The Mexican economy was already in freefall before Trump’s election, with the austerity imposed by ultra-neoliberal President Peña Nieto. The said austerity included privatising PeMex and hiking fuel prices by over 20%. So spare me the “ZOMG Trump Nafta!” hysterics when the problems pre-date Trump and were cheered all the way by the Monetarists at WSJ. Reply ↓ Ranger Rick February 13, 2017 at 3:18 pm Exhibit #1: Carlos Slim How did that old saw go? “Behind every great fortune there is a crime.” Reply ↓ NYPaul February 13, 2017 at 3:35 pm “Behind every great fortune there is a great crime.” (not to be picky) Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers February 13, 2017 at 3:46 pm I used to work for Barclays and often at their Paris office. Just down the road from Paris HQ and the Arc, there is a statue of Honore de Balzac. I always wondered if any of the staff were aware of that analysis. Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers February 13, 2017 at 3:49 pm I forgot to add. On this evening’s Channel 4 news (in the UK), there was the usual and daily hysteria about Trump (and Fillon and Le Pen plus an obsequious interview with Macron). David Frum was pontificating about Trump in general and the Trudeau visit in particular. With a straight face, he accused Trump of using the presidency to enrich himself. I almost spilt my gin and tonic. Reply ↓ integer February 13, 2017 at 10:45 pm Unfortunately, those with “great fortunes” seem to interpret the two uses of “great” in this phrase in a different way from the rest of us (i.e. in the qualitative rather than the quantitative sense). Reply ↓ Loblolly February 14, 2017 at 12:27 am If I were to be the beneficiary of some qualitative easing I would be most grateful and I would certainly find my current situation less deplorable. Reply ↓ witters February 14, 2017 at 12:25 am I like this: “There ain’t no clean way to make a hundred million bucks…. Somewhere along the line guys got pushed to the wall, nice little businesses got the ground cut out from under them… Decent people lost their jobs…. Big money is big power and big power gets used wrong. It’s the system.” – Raymond Chandler, ‘The Long Goodbye.’ Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:38 am Since Mexico’s agricultural problems were engineered into existence on purpose by NAFTA to begin with, the way to re-engineer them back out of existence on purpose would be to hard-abolish NAFTA and set Mexico free to hard-re-protectionise its agriculture again, to rebuild the SQA (Status Quo Ante) NAFTA and be ready to reabsorb those NAFTAstinian exiles who might wish to return to take back their land and re-take-up their former farming livelihood. Protectionism should not be treated as some kind of unilateral American effort to achieve a one-sided China-style mercantilism for America against the world the way China has established a China-style mercantilism for China against the world. America should treat Protectionism as something to be applied equally by all for the equal benefit of all. Every country and economy should be free to develop behind its own Equal Wall of Protection. And then accept the necessary evil of just enough minimal trade between the Protectionised National Economies to allow Countries A and B to trade just only those things that really truly can not be made or grown by Countries B and A. Free Trade is the New Slavery. Protectionism is the New Abolition. But only if it is equal and reciprocal Protectionism for All. Reply ↓ Vatch February 13, 2017 at 2:51 pm Thanks for reminding us about the recommendation by Tom Perez on ways to smear Bernie Sanders. For those who haven’t seen it yet: https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/4429 3. I wish she would talk about the issues she cares about through the prism of more human stories. Logos, ethos, pathos. She has met so many people with so many gut wrenching stories of grit and determination, struggle followed by success. I wish there were more pathos, or more real stories behind her really sound policy proposals. Whenever I talk about ACA, I talk about through the prism of real people for whom the ACA saved their lives. The stories are incredible. In my HRC advocacy, I now say how these people dont have the time to wait for Senator Sanders to complete his quest for the perfect health care system, or the perfect immigration reform bill; it gets alot of good nods, especially when I talk about Kennedy McCain immigration and how Bernie opposed this, and immigrants are still suffering the consequences of inaction. … 6. Nevada is an opportunity to fight back on so many levels. First, the current storyline is that she does not connect well with young voters. Given that Nevada is far more demographically representative of America, I am confident that HRC can do well with all African Americans, Latinos, and Asian Americans (dont forget the sizeable population of Asian Americans in Nevada, including Filipinos.). Emmy and the team have a good plan to attract all minority voters. When we do well there, then the narrative changes from Bernie kicks ass among young voters to Bernie does well only among young white liberals– that is a different story and a perfect lead in to South Carolina, where once again, we can work to attract young voters of color. So I think Nevada is a real opportunity , and I would strongly urge HRC to get out there within a couple days of NH. He was very helpful. After helping Clinton to win the nomination, Tom Perez can also take some credit for her excellent performance in the general election Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 13, 2017 at 2:57 pm It has occurred to me that the South Carolina firewall = Booker 2020. Stopping Sanders wasn’t the only thing going on. Black Misleadership Class in action. Reply ↓ Foppe February 13, 2017 at 3:49 pm Is Booker someone uneducated/poor black people can look up to in the way Obama was? I personally don’t really see this working, too slick/yuppie, eternal bachelor, lacks the gravitas Pres. Weather-vane oozed from his every pore. (This not to say he won’t sell elsewhere.) (Anyone know how popular he is with that part of his NJ electorate?) Reply ↓ PKMKII February 13, 2017 at 4:31 pm During a blizzard a few years back when he was still mayor, he came out to shovel people’s sidewalks. Think he was personally checking in on people during, Sandy I believe. Pure optics, definitely, but sold him as being of the community to black voters. Reply ↓ Foppe February 13, 2017 at 5:25 pm Ah — that brings to mind how Frank Underwood ended the Teachers’ Strike in the first season of (the Clintonian) House of Cards. Thanks. Still, I’m not sure that would be enough to sell him outside Newark. Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 9:23 pm I don’t think black folks in Newark fell for that at all. I read an interview with a woman whose door he showed up at; I don’t remember all the details. I am under the impression his former constituents voted for him to move on to the Senate because it was the best way to get him out of their hair. I think there are interviews and data points to that effect. He’s a dreadful person, stupid enough to say and type horrible things even now. The grassroots will disembowel him. His Betsy Devos and Ivanka Trump connections should be enough to do him in. Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:44 am That will only be true if the grass roots are prepared to vote for Trump all over again in order to further the long range project of purging, burning and exterminating every last trace of Clintonites and Obamazoids from every last corner of the Democratic Party. How much pain will the grassroots be willing to take in order to inflict so much more pain against the Clintobamacrat owners of the Democratic Party that the Clintonbamacrats will come to know ” the pain of death or significant organ failure” as John Yoo put it in another context? Reply ↓ PKMKII February 13, 2017 at 4:28 pm That would mean that Perez had a suspicion that Hillary was going to lose the general election. The denial in DLC Democrat circles of Hillary’s weaknesses as a candidate was too strong for that to be a reasonable hypothesis. More likely, just trying to instill a general attitude of “progressivism/leftism = white people things” in the black primary voters’ minds. Reply ↓ Anne February 13, 2017 at 3:17 pm Maybe Perez was still trying to score points in the VP race when he provided that advice, but I’m not seeing any signs now that Perez isn’t going to be the same old establishment toady who will complete the ensemble of ineffectiveness of the DSCC and the DCCC – and unless the republic has completely cratered under the weight of the Trump chaos by 2018, I’m sure the DNC will be as befuddled then as it is now about why Democrats don’t seem to know how to win elections. I seriously have no idea how it is even possible for a group of people to be so utterly clueless, to always learn the wrong lessons. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin February 13, 2017 at 4:08 pm Clueless is not the key descriptor. I believe many DNCers fully understand what the base is clamoring for. It’s just that that particular solution (addressing the needs and interests of the working class) is off the table. Hence the continuing search for a new narrative that will do the trick (get their votes while continuing to serve the interests of capital). Reply ↓ ChrisPacific February 13, 2017 at 6:03 pm But his progressive bona fides are beyond question! Except by voters, of course. But nobody cares about their opinion. Reply ↓ Mel February 13, 2017 at 3:18 pm :) He left out topos. Topos is what got her. Reply ↓ Darius February 13, 2017 at 4:03 pm No. It wasn’t topos that got her. ‘Twas beauty killed the beast. Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 4:00 pm I have read that email numerous times, and it still enrages me. Tom Perez has never won a state or national election. I believe he won exactly ONE election at the county level. He keeps making chair-throwing jokes. That’s such an easy own goal to avoid. I thought for a while that he must actively want to run off the Berniecrats, but then he bumblingly came out and admitted the primary was rigged, indicating that he was trying to curry favor with the Bernie faction. Then he got screamed at by Hillbots and walked the admission back. That’s just a fail on so many levels. It suggests a level of incompetence far beyond not being good at winning elections. Did he really not understand that the Hillbot base takes it as an article of faith akin to transubstantiation that she won fair and square and Bernie is a racist demon? If he doesn’t even understand his own base, what good is he? Reply ↓ Darius February 13, 2017 at 4:11 pm This says to me that Perez may fatally weaken the whole DNC DCCC DSCC edifice. A result greatly to be wished. I won’t go near them with a ten mile pole. Ellison isn’t as compromised as Perez but he isn’t someone on whom to hang one’s hopes. Heighten the contradictions! Bring on Perez! Reply ↓ Marco February 13, 2017 at 8:19 pm Hmmmm…I like that!! People’s Party here we come!! Anyone here think Team Bernie could raise another $100 million by 2018? Here’s the thing…even if Ellison takes it I STILL would never give $$ personally to the Party. Without a motivational factor for the small donor class nothing changes. Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 8:43 pm Don’t give the Ds any money (not DNC or DCCC or DSCC), even if they pick Ellison. Make them demonstrate that they’re coming to us first. Ellison’s already demonstrating that he’s pretty compromised. (Won’t admit the primary was rigged, for example.) Ellison over Perez would be Step 1 of 20 before anyone should directly fund the party again. Reply ↓ Vatch February 14, 2017 at 10:49 am I concur — don’t give money to Democratic Party institutions. It is acceptable to give money to individual Democratic candidates, but I recommend that people carefully vet any potential recipient of donations. For example, if a candidate was a Hillary Clinton superdelegate, that candidate probably does not deserve a donation. If a Democratic primary election candidate is opposing a Hillary Clinton superdelegate, then that primary candidate very likely is deserving of a political donation. It should not be necessary to say this, but I will anyhow: do not donate to the Republican party. Reply ↓ lambert strether February 13, 2017 at 4:17 pm Do you a link on Perez chairthrowing jokes? A disgraceful,episode Reply ↓ Vatch February 13, 2017 at 4:39 pm There’s this, although I suppose it might be faked: http://imgur.com/a/7s2Bc Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 8:59 pm This is the tweet I remember. I believe I saw it the night he did it. Then he deleted it. I don’t know how to prove the provenance of this. Search Twitter to references from that night of other people talking about it? If I pull up someone else’s tweet with this as a screenshot, would that be dispositive? The amazing thing is I think he did it AGAIN verbally at one of the DNC Chair beauty pageants in the last week or so. Reply ↓ marym February 13, 2017 at 9:28 pm https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/dnc-chair-candidates-try-to-move-past-primary-adopt-resistance/2017/02/11/3502f8b8-f07f-11e6-9973-c5efb7ccfb0d_story.html Here he’s saying it 2/11 Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 12:52 am This is what I remembered. Thank you for finding it marym; I couldn’t when I gave it a quick search. So he did it again after the firestorm the tweet caused. Yeah, he’s going to do wonders for factional tensions within the party. This plus the screencap of the tweet is sufficient evidence, isn’t it, Lambert? Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:20 am Yep. Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 8:51 pm I think he’s done it as a tweet and as a verbal statement that got press coverage. I’ve been popping over here today while doing very, very boring yet difficult paperwork. I need to get back to it. I’ll leap over to Way of the Bern in case someone there has it readily available, but if not, I’ll have to do this later. Perez is a remarkable combination of ineptitude, weakness, moral ugliness and, as far as I can tell, actual stupidity. At least, whatever he’s good at, it’s not this, and he presents as stupid. Is this the kind of guy that stood on the balcony for those late stage Soviet photo ops? He doesn’t even seem to rise to that level, but maybe that’s a function of me being older and better able to get a good look at him. Reply ↓ Anne February 13, 2017 at 5:43 pm I think he’s letting his own ambition get a little ahead of himself, to the point where I’ve started to mentally append the phrase, “yeah, that’s the ticket” to pretty much everything he says. It’s not that he has no experience, it’s just that it’s local, county council-type experience (he’s somewhat local to me – a couple counties south of me and more closely aligned with DC than with Baltimore City). He wanted to run for MD AG, but hadn’t practiced law in MD for the required 10 years, so was deemed ineligible. Eventually, Obama made him Labor Secretary. Maybe working his way into the DC culture eventually killed what had, at one time, looked like a progressive voice and spirit. I suppose what bothers me most is that he doesn’t seem to be inclined to break any new ground, to really shake things up, but build, instead on the same broken foundation that serves the old guard just fine, but isn’t going to put any Dems in office, much less the kind that are needed. I think having supposedly been in the running as a possible VP to Clinton, he may want this job as a launching pad to higher office; it’s not that I begrudge anyone an opportunity to keep moving up, but this shouldn’t just be a box to be checked on a resume/CV. If ever there was a time to put distance between the DNC and the Clintonites, I think it’s now – and I don’t see Perez being able to do that. Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:47 am Well . . . he is a place-blocker. He can keep Ellison out of that place by successfully squatting in that place himself. And that is all and everything the Clintobamacrat Leadership wants for now. Reply ↓ b1daly February 14, 2017 at 5:39 am I think many commenters here under-estimate how difficult it is to win an election, at any level, never mind the National level. This email was not written for public consumption, and in that context you can see them trying to work it out. It’s not a pretty picture seeing how the “sausage gets made,” but someone has to do it, if you want to have a winning team. It’s politics, and the DNC is a political party. You can’t pretend that the individuals in the party are not going to have alliances and personal agendas. I feel like some posters here (generally speaking) think the problem is that the Democrats have had bad ideas. Bernie was good, because he had “good ideas.” Good ideas are a fraction of a penny a dozen. I child can come up with them. I didn’t think Sanders, ideas were all that great, but I voted for him in the primary because I supported his message, and the values it represented. Which has become sorely under-represented in the modern political discourse. The reason Bernie got to say his ideas, and get an audience, is because the man has real political skills, demonstrated over a lifetime of being an elected official. But even he knew he needed the resources of a major party behind him to stand a chance. The Democratic party didn’t owe him the slot. They the primary system is a competitive process, and the affinities of party insiders count, just as much, or more, as the voters. There is a tradeoff to being in a party. As it stands now, the Democrats are getting a lot of grief from the left for losing, but were all these left wing voters over the last 30 years? I’m still a amazed that progressives can pour out such contempt for the Democratic mainstream, yet can’t point to a single major political figure they support, outside of Sanders. Who supported Clinton, having a modicum of political sense. Why are there no progressive parties of substance in the US? The US does not have a progressive-left electorate. No such person has even come close to winning the presidency since, I don’t know, FDR? I mean, if your happy with Trump, if you’re happy with Pence, then fine, be happy. The Republicans have run the table in the US, with centrist Democrats cleaning up. Maybe the Dems can pull together an alliance to capitalize on anti-Trunp sentiment, but I don’t see that they can do a hard pivot to the left and beat the Republicans. They need to keep enough people in their camp to get the numbers they need. I think it’s very telling that the first President with a populist base is a hard-core, reactionary, right winger. I’m very frustrated. ps, I’m not trying to call you out specifically, these are just general thoughts I’m mulling over, and your comment made me think of them. Reply ↓ Jason Boxman February 13, 2017 at 3:04 pm I sincerely believe the best possible thing for the Democratic Party is for it to die. Ugh. These people are shameless hacks. Reply ↓ foghorn longhorn February 13, 2017 at 3:04 pm For such a huge body of water this really appears to be a pretty crappy design. They have one broken spillway and an emergency spillway that couldnt handle 10,000 cfs. They are looking at 30 days at least of these outflows, this is really just getting started. Good luck gentlemen. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 13, 2017 at 4:43 pm Looks like the designers expected water overtopping the 1,300 foot long lip to run downhill in a smooth sheet. Engineers call it laminar flow. But no. Most of the overflow ran sideways down a slight lateral grade to concentrate at a low point, where it started excavating a deep hole. Controlling water: it’s like herding cats or something. A guy named P.A. Yeomans in Australia figured out how to do it. But it takes a lot of manicuring of slopes with carefully sloped contour lines called “keylines” to make it work. https://soilandhealth.org/wp-content/uploads/GoodBooks/The%20Keyline%20Plan.pdf Reply ↓ bob February 13, 2017 at 5:29 pm They knew all about those contours.The design of the now broken spillway shows this. The “teeth” in the spillway are set there to reduce both velocity, and direction. The set at the bottom is still there, but most of the water is exiting the spillway before it reaches them. The slope of the spillway also changes as water moves down it, when it’s intact. The still do have control over the main spillway, for what little good it does them. The control gates are at the top. The splllway being intact, somewhat, is a huge help. What worries me about the main spillway is the way that the force of the flow is trying to move right, closer to the main dam. The designers seemed to want excess flows going left, at all costs. Maybe, because- The main dam is also NOT concrete. They can’t have ANY flow over that. It will completely dissolve if they have any sustained flow over the dam That’s why the emergency spillway lip was built 20 (40? differing numbers being tossed out) feet below the lip of the main damn. I get a kick out of them saying that the “dam is sound” Yup, and the dam could still be sound, after the water goes around it. It won’t be doing anything, but it will be sound. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 13, 2017 at 5:47 pm Freelancer Jim Stone estimates using photos that the eroding edge of the main spillway has moved 300 feet toward the gates at the top: http://82.221.129.208/pages/goneinaweek.jpg A 100,000 cfs flow over bare ground excavates a lot of dirt. Stone estimates a week before the main spillway becomes too damaged to use. If the emergency spillway overtops again with the main spillway closed, it probably would collapse within a day or two. Reply ↓ bob February 13, 2017 at 7:28 pm There has to be substantial bedrock under the main spillway. You can see it in a few photos, where the soils have been removed. Although it seems today the press has moved on. It may also be that they stopped the circus and put some controls on flights in the area. Dunno. I’m still worried about the right. The way that “knob” is, to the right of the spilllway, if another few hundred feet of the main spillway disappears, the water could cut over the knob, and head toward the dam that they are doing everything in their power to keep dry. Is that bedrock at the same elevation as it heads left, toward the emergency spillway? Dunno. It looks like the bedrock was already “weathered” in the past, maybe an ice age ago. And, even bedrock can “give” if you put enough water to it. Reply ↓ allan February 13, 2017 at 10:22 pm “It may also be that they stopped the circus and put some controls on flights in the area. ” Indeed, the FAA put a Temporary Flight Restriction in effect as of today: Altitude: From the surface up to and including 4500 feet MSL Effective Date(s): From February 13, 2017 at 2330 UTC To May 13, 2017 at 2300 UTC The disintegration will not be televised. Reply ↓ VietnamVet February 13, 2017 at 10:20 pm The Oroville Dam crisis is frightfully engrossing. This is peak 21st century drama; Climate Change, Media Disinformation, Infrastructure Defects and Neo-Liberals placing profits before people. Plus, having vacationed in Feather River Valley makes it personal. The citation confirms that the main spillway collapse has move upstream to just below the power lines. The use, yesterday, of the emergency spillway for the first time indicates alarm about the integrity of the main spillway. Today helicopters were dumping rocks in holes in the ground next to the boat ramp parking lot indicating that the emergency spillway is undercut. They can’t use that again. California DWR must be running models of what happens if the cavitation continues uphill and undercuts the main spillway gates. It can’t be good. Reply ↓ foghorn longhorn February 13, 2017 at 7:37 pm They want the water to go left, but the lay of the land is to the right. The scouring beneath the emergency spillway looks, for lack of a better word, fatal. The main spillway is literally broken in half and appears from earlier photos to be scouring uphill and to the right. Cant utilize the powerplant outflow. Those boys have them a bit of a situation. Good luck Reply ↓ bob February 13, 2017 at 10:08 pm “The scouring beneath the emergency spillway looks, for lack of a better word, fatal.” They were working on the emergency spill way BEFORE they used it. Not just clearing the debris and tress, but reinforcing the areas indicated above with grout and boulders. They have never had to use it before. What the hell was wrong with it? Did it have to do with building the road across it? That road looked like an add on, after 20-30 years of never using the spillway. Why not build a road there? It’s so pretty here! That’s also the only “land” access they have to that side of the dam, where they need to be moving material into. Only one way to get to the left side- Over the dam, from the right. Also, USING the emergency spillway isn’t a CHOICE. Water reaches a certain level, and water flows out the emergency spillway. The hyrdo plant “flow” is no doubt, maxed out. But, they’re smaller pipes, they can’t move any more. They’d probably prefer to have more water moving thru the plant, as something to push the water from the spillway left, more. Downstream- The whole “canal” system in oroville looks to steer a flood out onto the flood plane. There’s a TON of floodplain out there, if it works, as I believe it was designed to. The smaller towns that are closer- underwater. Further downstream, the larger cites should be OK, but that assumes things go well, as designed, and this mess is proving you can’t really assume that. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 1:31 am Judy Brandt lives right next to Oroville Dam and she’s been tweeting many photos and videos, mostly hers, some retweets. Earth-moving machinery geeks should find her account interesting. @judywbrandt: #OrovilleDam #Orovillespillway this is what big rocks were for. Trucks dumping them in hole where road washed out under emerg spillway pic.twitter.com/DcLgN8A05H — Judy Brandt (@judywbrandt) February 14, 2017 Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina February 13, 2017 at 3:15 pm okay bummer, i have tried twice to post excerpts from the Nation article from Links and failed. let me just say although the commenters on the piece this morning seemed to be labor insiders, what i found extremely valuable as a “layperson” was the concept of structure tests, the focus on participation of the base, and the distinction between organizing, mobilizing, and protection – each of which have their place. i think the recent debates here about the women’s march reflect that some are talking about what per the article is organizing, where the base must drive and participate in the action, and mobilizing, which can be done top-down and though well-intentioned cannot bring about significant change. well worth a read imho Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina February 13, 2017 at 3:23 pm oops – while others are talking about mobilizing etc Reply ↓ Anne February 13, 2017 at 3:40 pm Agree it was an excellent article – and I also found it instructive in light of the recent Women’s March conversation – it’s definitely given me some food for thought, most especially wondering what comes next. What is it that people are willing to do that will affect and disrupt the current structure? Seems like that should already be on someone’s radar. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin February 13, 2017 at 4:14 pm I haven’t been called a labor insider for a long time. :) Yes, the notion of structure tests seems very useful. In labor situations where one needs to know if people will truly be willing to challenge management, it is a bit easier to see the meaning. I’m not sure what it means in the context of middle class, weekend protest. (I’m not against it; I’m just not sure it’s quite enough.) Reply ↓ Foppe February 14, 2017 at 1:57 am Showing up at protests that don’t directly affect you, and actually listening to other people, what their life is like and/or why they are protesting? (Coming to meetings is probably not the best idea given how bad most people are at listening.) Reply ↓ lambert strether February 13, 2017 at 4:21 pm Yes, distinction between mobilizing and organizing is absolutely key Reply ↓ Ranger Rick February 13, 2017 at 3:24 pm I’ve got a great link for a reverse bezzle: “Google’s self-driving car plans disintegrate after it pays “fuck you” money to Waymo’s founders.” Google has some serious image problems if people won’t even stay at the company despite being paid a king’s ransom. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 2:03 am From the story: Other new businesses, including health care unit Verily, use different compensation systems too, but they have yet to generate huge payouts like the car project. “Verily.” Every time I hear one of those made-up corporate names I want to scream and run. I’m sure that people who get letters with the Verily logo at the top will be totally happy with whatever it is that they read. Look at this horrible corporate dreck: Verily is developing tools to collect and organize health data, then creating interventions and platforms that put insights derived from that health data to use for more holistic care management. We have three guiding product design principles: start with the user, simplify care, and lead on security and privacy. “Holistic care management.” Sounds terrific. Also “simplify care.” Seems to me to current system has been a raging success in terms of simplifying care; as the old programmers saying goes: “‘The cheapest, fastest and most reliable components of a computer system are those that aren’t there.” And then: It is easy to see why [problem child CEO Andrew]Conrad, a scientist and entrepreneur, caught the attention of Google co-founder Sergey Brin. His off-the-charts ambition and elite connections in Washington and scientific circles match Google’s grand plans for Verily, which Brin last year called “a huge undertaking” that he hoped would “transform the way we detect, prevent, and manage disease.” No red flags there, no sirree. Reply ↓ fajensen February 14, 2017 at 3:49 am I’m sure that people who get letters with the Verily logo at the top will be totally happy with whatever it is that they read. There are a lot more ruminants than lizard-people at the top, that’s for sure! I sometimes have to present things for our “decision makers” in some of those high-up management forums, this is always terrible, even the air in there is dead, all energy is damped, sucked away, and always, just always, someone will stir at slide 23 to ask about a phrase or some wording on page 8. They would looove corporate dreck, of “there is something in Santas Sack for Everyone”-kind. They often write management decisions and even instructions festooned with meaningless plus-words with the (desired, the Swedes are no slouches when it comes to graft) effect that anyone can read almost whatever meaning they like to have from it. That way no-one needs to disagree on anything and everyone gets what they like. Harmony! Bit like some of the controversial parts of EU legislation. I have actually read good EU legislation. It exists. On the plus side – Some annoyingly ambitious young*, busy-body* colleague managed to worm his way in there promoting “standardisation”, now he is too busy doing dull, cautious, powerpoints to meddle in anything. And I am so glad that I am “controversial”, so I don’t have to go to these things much! *) Ass-kisser, it the word. Reply ↓ cocomaan February 13, 2017 at 3:41 pm “what matters most are the news sources that are closest to home” YES! All of Central PA it seems is subscribed to Lancaster Farming. My friends in PSU Extension are all subscribers as well. It’s also one of the best newspapers around for anything local having to do with Ag, as well as national news, and Ag opinions. Their coverage of farmer’s land issues with the Water of the US rule was fascinating. At the very least it was good to see it from the other side. Reply ↓ Lynne February 13, 2017 at 8:07 pm Remember that press conference Obama held a few years ago in IL, when a local farmer begged him to have the feds consider the impact of new regulations on small farmers? Obama was condescending and dismissive — telling him not to listen to right-wing propaganda, and the national press mocked the farmer ruthlessly. Turned out the regs the farmer was talking about all get put into place, with absolutely no coverage of the concerns the farmer raised, except in publications like Lancaster Farming. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 1:43 am Got a link on that, for the record? Reply ↓ ProNewerDeal February 13, 2017 at 3:58 pm fwd – if you enjoy intellectual ether of corporate hack Ds: Jordan Chariton pwns msDNC’s Joy Reid, on the topic of HClinton/DLC rigging the D primary https://youtu.be/VMVn7VZcPBQ Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 2:04 am That is fun stuff. Reply ↓ Katharine February 13, 2017 at 4:04 pm Zero Hedge had Oroville evacuation updates this morning, apparently not later, so they aren’t current but give a little other information to add to yours: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-02-13/oroville-dam-evacuations-here-are-latest-updates Reply ↓ JustAnObserver February 13, 2017 at 6:17 pm Does anyone in the NC commentariat know when the damage to the Oroville dam’s main spillway started or, at least, was first noticed? It just seems that 5 years of drought conditions would have been the perfect time to do any maintenance required. Not just Oroville but all the other dams, levees in the state. Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 6:32 pm I don’t know, but California doesn’t have the money to do all sorts of necessary things, like patch up roads and educate children. Instead, we have Proposition 13, a glorious legacy of the Reagan Revolution, which allows The Walt Disney Company to pay the same property tax on Disneyland and all its other California holdings (and there are a LOT) that it paid in 1979. Same with every other large company. Same with Nestle. Same with Anheiser-Busch. Same with all the big agricultural companies. The oil companies. The resorts for the wealthy that line the shorelines. Same with every mansion in Santa Barbara that’s held in trust. If the property has not changed ownership since 1979, the property tax has not changed, even if the value of the property has increased exponentially. The Democratic Party has a super-majority in Sacramento. Oddly, the prison guards union is still quite powerful, Nestle still gets to remove our water and sell it at a MASSIVE mark-up (its sweetheart deal is startling), and somehow, giving the Democrats total control of government has not led to things like fixing spillways and correcting tax inequities. I’m trying to think of why that might be. It must be Bernie Sanders’ fault. Reply ↓ Dave February 13, 2017 at 11:38 pm We also have a growing portion of Mexico and Central America’s population relying on California taxpayers for Medi-Cal and Cal Fresh food stamp benefits. It gets kind of expensive. Proposition 13 passed in 1978. Reagan was elected in 1980. It is a crime that it is not limited to the owners primary residence only. It should never have been for commercial properties such as oil refineries or Disneyland. Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 1:08 am The Reagan Revolution started in California long before he was elected President. What’s outrageous to me is that our one party government has made no serious effort to even amend Prop 13. Because the Democrats are the party of the people, right? Although I keep forgetting that corporations are people, my friend. Do you have links to support your assertions about Medi-Cal and Cal Fresh? I don’t personally know how the programs are funded in toto, and what percentage of recipients are undocumented/illegal immigrants. If they’re living and working here, I strongly suspect they’re contributing to the system and California’s economy such that giving them basic health care and keeping their children from starving to death makes both economic and moral sense. You seem to be implying that people travel here for medical care and food and then return to Mexico. Is that what you mean? If so, I’d like to see hard data to back it up. Whole lotta illegal immigrants are probably working on Disney properties, and serving Disney executives in restaurants and in their homes. I kinda feel like getting Disney to pay up is more important that keeping little kids from getting apples and vaccinations. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi February 14, 2017 at 7:52 am The idea that Mexicans would risk life and limb to cross the border so they could ‘take advantage’ of the US’s screamingly expensive, Albania-quality-level healthcare system is in dire need of hard data. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 2:07 am > relying on California taxpayers Numbers would be nice, including how the numbers net out. Limiting the issue to undocumented immigrants, they pay sales taxes (for example) and payroll taxes (for example, assuming they haven’t been hired to work under the table). Reply ↓ allan February 13, 2017 at 6:33 pm ” 5 years of drought conditions would have been the perfect time to do any maintenance required ” Just like 8 years of record low long term interest rates would have been the perfect time to do any infrastructure maintenance and construction nationwide. I wonder what happened. Reply ↓ optimader February 13, 2017 at 4:14 pm Re Mexico: “Argentina and Brazil aimed at easing the country’s dependence on U.S. grain” Good, rewind the tape a bit on intensive monoculture food farming.. Make more distillates! Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 13, 2017 at 4:32 pm Not only did Dr Hussman escalate to Defcon 0.1 in his weekly column, but also semi-mainstream economist Laurence Kotlikoff predicted a stock market crash. So what happened today? You should know the drill by now. Stocks screamed higher to fresh records of Dow 20,412 and S&P 2,328 and Nasdaq 5,764. Not until the rally denialists are vaporized to cinders will Bubble III finally meet its doom. If J-Yel fails to administer another rate-hike banderilla [barbed dart used in bullfighting] on March 16th, the monster could go parabolic on us. :-0 Reply ↓ L February 13, 2017 at 4:34 pm RE: “President Donald Trump’s threats to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement are already rippling across the Mexican economy. However, it is worth noting that he has not yet notified congress of his intention to do so meaning that no formal talks can take place for at least 90 days. Even though he promised to do it in his first 100. This may be a sign of general disorganization or distraction with other matters, or it may mean that he does not plan to do so. He is having a big short term effect through a lot of talk but what follows the stock spikes? Reply ↓ optimader February 13, 2017 at 4:38 pm Biggs; Gridley, Live Oak and other Butte County CA municipalizes downstream of Oroville will be announcing an emergency fish-fry Reply ↓ LT February 13, 2017 at 4:52 pm Re: Dealbreaker on difference between student loan and mortgage debt…. The financial sector is making exotic financial products out of student loans. One that comes to mind: SLABS “Student Loan Asset Backed Securities.” The excerpt chosen from that article is misleading. All kinds of loans and insurance are part of fianancial casino. That is also what something like Single Payer Healthcare or pension reform is up against. Reply ↓ Vatch February 13, 2017 at 5:00 pm This could be classified under either Class Warfare or Guillotine Watch: Steve Schwarzman’s 70th birthday party: http://www.townandcountrymag.com/the-scene/parties/news/a9556/steve-schwarzman-birthday-party/ While the president and first lady were reportedly planning to attend, they remained at Mar-a-Lago, where they’re hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife Akke Abe this weekend. Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump were photographed leaving Mar-a-Lago in black tie, reportedly en route to Schwarzman’s party. Presumptive incoming Trump cabinet members Steve Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross, and Elaine Chao also attended, along with luminaries like Donatella Versace, Jean Pigozzi, and former Viacom chair Philippe Dauman. It’s not know whether Mr. Schwarzman reiterated his identification of the possible elimination of the carried interest tax loophole to Hitler’s invasion of Poland. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 13, 2017 at 5:05 pm Did he invite Hillary? Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 5:21 pm The use of the word “luminary” is being severely strained here. Reply ↓ Katharine February 13, 2017 at 6:02 pm Luminary as compared with the candlelight: Missile crisis by candlelight https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/feb/13/mar-a-lago-north-korea-missile-crisis-trump-national-security Remarkable story including this: At the other end of the scale, the club was hiring foreign workers this winter as cooks, waiters, waitresses and housekeepers, at between $10.17 and $12.74 an hour, according to the Palm Beach Post. There is no mention of vetting. According to the CNN account, the staff “cleared the wedge salads and brought along the main course as Trump and Abe continued consulting with aides”. Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 12:24 am Katherine, I gotta say, I am deeply wounded that a fellow member of the regular commentariat would think I don’t know what the word “luminary” means. Man, I do a worse job of communicating here than I thought. What I was getting at, not entirely in jest, is the idea of calling rando rich people “luminaries.” I think Pigozzi would be unknown to most people even in the upper-middle class. It’s that slippery slope to revering an entrenched aristocracy. What makes a trust fund dilettante luminous? Reply ↓ Vatch February 14, 2017 at 9:53 am revering an entrenched aristocracy There’s a recent book, John Adams and the Fear of American Oligarchy, by Luke Mayville, which discusses the second U.S. President’s deep concerns about oligarchy. He was especially worried about the tendency of many people to admire the rich and powerful. The objections of John Adams to oligarchy are interesting because he has a mostly deserved reputation as one of the more conservative of the founding fathers. Reply ↓ LT February 13, 2017 at 5:04 pm Re: Dealbreaker and student loans. Student loans are subject to repackaging as financial products and that is why they keep churning them out like mortgages. Look up SLABS: Student Loan Asset Backed Securities. Loans and insurance of all kinds are wrapped up in the financial sector casino. Reply ↓ LT February 13, 2017 at 5:07 pm To continue: wherever you see sub-prime lending, this is going on. Much of the student lending would fall under sub-prime, as the pre-crash housing market and as the auto industry continues to do as well. Reply ↓ LT February 13, 2017 at 5:10 pm To continue: much of the student loan and auto lending continues to be full of sub-prime loans. So much for the “trickle down interest rates” argument for reform. Reply ↓ Dave February 13, 2017 at 11:45 pm Yes, but thanks to 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden, the recipient of the loan cannot declare bankruptcy. Oh, and as a polite reminder, you cannot repossess a degree nor sell it on the open market, no matter how much you discount it. Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 12:38 am It’s starting to sound like the Clintons are going to push Gillibrand for 2020, so she can gift her Senate seat to Chelsea, which would be the best way to push such a bland dull-wit into power. But in the alternate universe that probably both Hillary and Joe inhabit after a couple of shots of Scotch, I would laugh and laugh at the two of them hobbling around the country trying to out-“country” one another. Is that too mean for this forum? I guess I’m feeling mean tonight. Just finished my taxes. Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:56 am Surely there must be a way to defeat Chelsea in this scenario, and destroy her political ambitions and destroy the Clintons’ ability to keep grifting money by selling influence through their so-called foundation. If I lived in New York and Chelsea was advanced to run for Senate, I would definitely work/donate and vote Republican as the most effective way I could think of to prevent the Greater Evil of Yet Another Clinton. Reply ↓ LT February 14, 2017 at 3:51 am And the bankruptcy laws make it worse. I’ve heard of family members being stuck with the student loan debt after a person dies. So it makes a bigger scam of the college loan system, because they still pump them out to barely-got-through-high-school-students going to the school you and I could pull out of our butts and put online tomorrow. Reply ↓ Katharine February 13, 2017 at 5:08 pm What’s so weird about freezing garbage? I started doing it years ago in a small apartment and still do, since I have so little it goes out only rarely. I can see that a large family might have less room in the freezer, but it’s not an intrinsically dumb idea. Reply ↓ katiebird February 13, 2017 at 5:23 pm We put some garbage in the freezer too. We save bread bags for it. That way stinky stuff doesn’t go out till the last minute. Reply ↓ Eureka Springs February 13, 2017 at 6:25 pm Yes… I usually drive over to the dump once a month (30 miles RT). A little freezer space for this purpose also saves a lot of fuel. Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 12:41 am My MIL always did it, because it stopped local wildlife from tearing into the bags and making a mess. She hated mess. She was an awesome MIL. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 1:06 am I think the issue is freezing garbage versus the proper provision of public services. It’s one thing to freeze your garbage because you want to or need to. It’s quite another to freeze it because TINA. Reply ↓ ambrit February 14, 2017 at 2:45 am This is seriously funny. Energy is expended to freeze something that could be sorted, meaning menial level jobs, and partially burned for fuel to generate energy. Think of all of the fats and fibres available in garbage for energy production. Add some efficient smoke stack scrubbers to the system, and stinkless fuel. Also, let us not wander off into the weeds of composting. That way lies sanity. Reply ↓ diptherio February 13, 2017 at 5:38 pm Mexico’s leaders are speeding up negotiations for expanded trade deals with the European Union and opened talks with Argentina and Brazil aimed at easing the country’s dependence on U.S. grain” …thanks to NAFTA. Way to go Bill and Bob! Reply ↓ SKG February 13, 2017 at 5:45 pm So if one of Trump’s house mouth pieces (NY Observer) publishes an article claiming the intelligence agencies are conspiring against Trump… Is he going to clear house a long way down into the organization? Declare war on them? Cut funding and rearrange everyone? Use this as a pretext for discrediting real (or “real”) intelligence they are threatening to release? Getting ready to push back against blackmail? Reply ↓ Darius February 13, 2017 at 6:37 pm One can hope. Reply ↓ dcblogger February 13, 2017 at 5:59 pm After Cancellation, Sanders Vows to Hold WV Town Hall ‘In The Streets’ As the former presidential candidate continues to draw thousands in red states, officials pulled the plug on Monday speech in impoverished McDowell County, West Virginia yeah, he is running for pres Reply ↓ aab February 13, 2017 at 6:45 pm I don’t think that’s what this indicates. I’m not saying he won’t, or he’s not thinking about it. He’s human. This must be driving him crazy. His bookstore speech sounds like it was amazing. I think West Virginia’s leadership is less afraid of him running for president, and more afraid of what he explicitly advocated for in that appearance: stand up, fight back, take to the streets, run for office yourself. “So what if you don’t win the first time. You’ll win the next time.” He won the WV primary, soundly. I think he’s just going about doing his thing, at this point. This is just Brunch with Bernie: The Roadshow. I dig it. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 12:53 am > I think he’s just going about doing his thing, at this point. And I think his thing is exactly the right thing to do. As opposed to what the Dems did 2003-2006 to Bush, for which the best that can be said is that it reinforced Pelosi (impeachment “off the table”) and brought us Obama (modulo the intelligence community angle). Reply ↓ stefan February 13, 2017 at 6:15 pm Flynn is not a traitor or stooge, he’s just a nut. Reply ↓ Eureka Springs February 13, 2017 at 6:32 pm Flynn had Michael Ledeen co-author his book. Nut is being too kind…) Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:13 am Brezinki’s a nut. Samuel P. Huntington is a nut, as bad as Bannon, worse because he writes like a scholar. The whole thing is a can of mixed nuts, and some people prefer walnuts, while others prefer cashews. Clinton and Obama together blew Syria and Libya to smithereens, which created the refugee crisis now destabilizing the EU (even if you leave the human toll aside). Why is that not nutty? Where is the non-nut to be found? (All of which is not to say that Ledeen is not a nut. He is!) Reply ↓ freedomny February 13, 2017 at 7:13 pm Another interesting article via Chris Hedges http://international.sueddeutsche.de/post/157058066625/we-have-at-most-a-year-to-defend-american Reply ↓ Alex Morfesis February 13, 2017 at 9:36 pm Germany was a monarchy in 1919…america was not a (direct) monarchy in 2006…Germany had zero history of the demos operating without the nobility floating around…america has 200+ years of faking democracy…adolfo was under “house arrest” at Landsburg where while on sabbatical, rudolph hess sat there taking notes for “my struggle”… There is no comparison…mein dummkopff was a convenient loon who the german nobility and power structure used to climb back on the horse after the Spartacus moments of a failed revolt-lution… Trumps family was a Tammany hall cut out operation for diverting federal govt funds…he was the ultimate insider politically…despite his noisemaking of being with the little people… his mentor was crazy roy cohn who hated america because his uncle had been caught doing control fraud in an institution grandly called “bank of united states”… Germany was (& is) a parliamentary system, which allows political disruption on a regular basis due to “coalitions” falling apart and the capacity to “dismiss” parliament as in the old “tradition” of the rex being able to disband any group that did not do its bidding… for all the noise being made about erdogan and his monarchical ambitions surrounding his attempts to create an american type presidency for turkey, one of the reasons the us of a has outgrown other economies is the relative stability of our political process… he (or she) who tells the best lies on the monday before the election gets to loot until the next round of fooling all of the people all of the time… And in case anyone failed to notice…despite the best efforts of the history channel to suggest otherwise, the nazis were crushed…and are mostly gone…yes there is the A-O & that prayer breakfast thingee…and the faked July 20th photoshoot (look at the ceiling and magically unbroken glass in the windows) to coincide with the final days of Bretton Woods…and we do have this revisionist nonsense that the abwehr was against mein dummkopff even before he was born…but for the most part the left over mein dummkopff krewe has to stay in the shadows… It can’t happen here because the problems that existed there to allow the klown with the chaplin moustache to get to stand on some books so he can be seen above the rostrum…those problems don’t exist here…we are not brazil or bangladesh struggling to be taken seriously…we are the hegemon… Reply ↓ freedomny February 13, 2017 at 9:54 pm Well Mr Alex – I certainly hope that you are right that it can’t happen here… Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:18 am > It can’t happen here “What it is ain’t exactly clear.” Reply ↓ Jess February 13, 2017 at 9:56 pm Pretty good article until this point: “many voters have good reasons to be worried about globalization. Hillary Clinton did have actual policies that would have helped – that’s the tragedy. But she wasn’t able to communicate that she understood the problem.” There he goes, off into elitist Dem party line “communication was the problem” crop. Hellary didn’t have actual policies that would have helped, and she couldn’t have communicated them because nobody would believe the life-long liar. Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 1:28 am Also, she wouldn’t have been able to implement them even if she had wanted to. She wouldn’t have returned the party to governing power, the Republicans wouldn’t have worked with her, and a lot of the elected Ds — the kind she, her husband and Rahm worked hard to put into seats instead of progressives — would have sided with the Republicans. But that’s a fantasy version of Hillary anyway. No, she didn’t have good policies that would have helped in a meaningful way, because no, she didn’t and doesn’t care about the lives of the exploited. And if communication is the problem, why again are they trying to force an inept communicator like Perez into the DNC Chair position? The tragedy is that Bernie would have won, should have won, could have won. But the Clintons preferred Bill’s golfing buddy get the job. Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 3:07 am I think if Sanders had received the nomination, that tens of millions of Klinton Koolaid Kultists would have voted for Trump to get revenge on Sanders for “cheating” Clinton out of her historic right to be America’s First Woman President. Am I wrong to think that’s what tens of millions of Klinton Koolaid Kultists would have done? Am I wrong to think that the entire Democratic Leadership would have given Sanders the McGovern treatment in order to make him lose the election? The Democratic Party really needs to be hit over and over for the next few years with every sort of political radiation, antibiotics and chemotherapy which can be applied to it. The only way to deClintonize and de Obamafy the party is the functional equivalent of extermination against every Clinton cancer cell and Obama plague germ inside the Democratic Party leadership and followership. Klinton Koolaid Kult voters and Race Card Obamazoids really need to be driven into another political party which better suits them . . .whatever that party may be. Or else the Sanderbackers need to leave the Democratic Party. If we can’t disinfect and decontaminate and bio-remediate the Democratic Party, then we need to flee from it before we all die of political cancer and political bubonic plague carried and spread by people like Biden and Booker and Pelosi and so forth. Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 3:24 am Real, hardcore Hillbots are a very, very small demographic, generally voting in districts and counties where their vote would probably not be salient. PUMAs did the same in 08, IIRC. Bernie was set to beat Trump by at least 20 points. What states would Hillbots flip? He would have won. Would the Dems have tried to undermine him once in office? Assuredly so. Would they have succeeded? I don’t think so, legislatively. Would he have been better able to evade the intelligence community soft coup currently being executed against Trump? I honestly don’t know. He actually is a leftist (at least in the colloquial sense), doesn’t have his own security team sweeping for bugs and such, etc. OTOH, he’s a skilled politician, legislator, and governing executive. Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:40 pm I hope you are correct about the relative fewness of the KKKs and the OKKs. We should see over the next few cycles. A real test of both our theories would be if Tulsi Gabbard could get herself nominated as Dem Candidate for President in the teeth of vicious KKK and OKK obstruction. ( KKK meaning Klinton Koolaid Kultists and OKK meaning Obama Koolaid Kultists in this case). Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:19 am > “communication was the problem” I learned in Organizational Behavior that when you hear “communication was the problem” you should immediately think that communication is not the problem, and that there are deeper structural issues. Reply ↓ freedomny February 14, 2017 at 5:17 am That is so true! At my last job, the head big wig kept on harping about communication and embracing change. She was also into folks who she thought had “advanced” social skills – the guy who eventually became my boss was promoted because he was “jovial” – I kid you not. End game….in trying to push our department to grow more a year after a really big company bought us….she was forced to retire. The guy who got her job was the consultant who was hired to figure out how we could…grow our department. He figured out very quickly that there were many structural issues that needed to be addressed – namely the head of the department. He suggested that she be retired and then suggested that he be her replacement… Reply ↓ Bob February 13, 2017 at 11:26 pm Stephen Miller does bear a striking resemblance to Joseph Goebbels both visually and conceptually. http://usuncut.com/politics/miller-goebbels/ Reply ↓ LT February 13, 2017 at 7:45 pm “Creating Career Advice For The About-To-Be-Automated Worker” [Fast Company]. Darkly hilarious. Yeah, because that would be the type of job that shouldn’t be automated (falling under empathy and critical thinking) – counseling and recruitment of job seekers. Yet, they think AI is going to be able to do that well. You have to CARE first and foremost. Also important: too many algorithms looking at resumes via online submission already have too many pre-programmed prejudices. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 13, 2017 at 9:18 pm Artificial Intelligence can mimic intelligence, or perhaps is in fact intelligent. To CARE, a robot must, in addition, possess artificial love. It, then, can mimic love, or in fact love. And the best place to study and develop Artificial Love, to complement Artificial Intelligence, is among gold-diggers. Reply ↓ fajensen February 14, 2017 at 12:01 am too many algorithms looking at resumes via online submission already have too many pre-programmed prejudices. That is one of the Feature Set, not a Bug at all. If the algorithm is “broken” or just slightly misconfigured no one is responsible for, say, all Mexican candidates being de-selected. I have no idea if it will really pass in court because courts might take a practical approach and decide that discrimination exists due to outcome and that someone should have tracked the algorithm performance using f.ex. statistics. Auditing machine learning algorithms is an ongoing research subject. Reply ↓ LT February 14, 2017 at 4:04 am They make alot of other lazy assumptions, such as regarding employment gaps. A candidate pretty much needs a face to face with a human to explain gaps and they won’t get it with Hal throwing it out based on the program. Age discrimination. The algorithms cover butts engaged in this practice as well. Reply ↓ fajensen February 15, 2017 at 2:52 am Yep. Here in Sweden it is as easy as using Swedish Keywords* – In Denmark official statistics shows that an Ethnic name is a great disqualifier**. Which is both really sad for the people it hurts and an ongoing, growing, problem for society. Because, whatever one thinks about immigration – because if nobody wants “these people” “here”, then the gangs and the Salafists certainly will take them. One hack to game the gaps algorithm is to fill in interesting personal activities that are socially acceptable and messages Surplus – “sailing a boat home from the Mediterranean”, “walking one of the pilgrimage routes”, “spending time in Japan”, “Appalachian trail …”. Something many people think they would like to do, but nerver actually manage. The human recruiter will want to talk a good deal about those so it is best if it is actually true – at least to the degree where one can talk realistically and honestly about practical details. Like “which tent did you use”, “did it hold up in the hard weather on XXX”. Practical details is what I always ask about details when interviewing – if I get generic answers, then it is not so good for the candidate. A good answer to “did it hold up … ” is either “well, some water … bla bla … did this to fix is ” or “I don’t know, It looked bad so I cheated and stayed in the inn that day”. All of this “search and selection stuff” is blatantly biased in favor of people with ressources. I happen to need honest and smart people. A person would certainly curry some favor with me by honestly saying: “I am sorry, I just filled these in with something because I heard that your robot filters away people with gaps”. So, now they have to talk about the gaps – which is easy because many people work “gigs” in my profession, unfortunately. *)Discussion of algorithms: http://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2016/2/197421-accountability-in-algorithmic-decision-making/fulltext **)Danish, but Google can translate. http://www.ugebreveta4.dk/indvandrernavne-staar-i-vejen-for-arbejde_19809.aspx Reply ↓ manymusings February 13, 2017 at 7:49 pm The USA Today column seems characteristic of what appears to be a gleeful, insider-y narrative that Trump is bumping up against the institutional/Constitutional realities of Washington. Versions of this meme, including this one, seem to repeat the same mistakes the smart people made during the campaign — misreading and underestimating Trump. They see him get batted down or opposed on a few things and immediately assume that Trump alone, unlike every other American, thought that he’d show up, wave a wand, and make things happen immediately according to his design; and therefore he now must be surprised or frustrated by clashes with other governing branches or institutions, or by unfawning press, or by “resistance” from the same 52 percent that didn’t vote for him to begin with, only now with knitted caps. Why should we think it upsets him if his first shots out of the gate get stymied? As far as I can tell, Trump so far is winning. Fighting what he can brand “the Establishment” is a win in itself (whether the judiciary, a bureaucracy, a recalcitrant liberal state, or the media). That’s what he was sent to do. So he’s not trying to learn the ropes? Plus column. And it’s reported as a impatience or impulsiveness, a blunder or miscalculation? Plus column. Makes the ones saying it and those reporting it seem like smug elitists, determined to enforce the Status Quo through Washington red tape. Really, everything the column insinuates as a problem for Trump seems quite the opposite. He’s ginned up a national hissy over his ill-conceived, godawful executive orders and, meanwhile, he’s managing to get confirmed a cabinet more radical and unqualified than any traditional Republican would dare to put up; he’s rolling roughshod over a supposed opposition so feckless he has to find a real adversary elsewhere (ie, the press corps). Dems obsess over every latest offense and announce “resistance” but find any moves or tactics worthy of the name really quite unseemly; they openly debate the relative merits of an “obstruction” strategy, which is the surest sign that even if they ever settle upon it, they won’t execute (republic obstruction of Obama is now taken as a given; but it was precisely because the Rs were serious and committed to the strategy that they never owned it or discussed it as a “thing” in real time … the play is to assume a posture of cooperation and then to be “disappointed” by the “extreme” positions of the President … announcing that one is obstructing is to do what Ds do all the time — prefigure their own failure in the framing of things from the get-go). What’s really irritating is that there may yet be something to this storyline, but it’s not that Trump is failing (or will fail) by his own standards or measuring stick if he can’t figure out and get along with Washington. It’s that Trump has no interest in figuring out or getting along with Washington — in fact, that’s the opposite of what he wants. He already has staked his political fortunes on a “win the crowd” strategy — which just worked, recently enough you’d think folks might remember. He doesn’t need a majority (already proved that) or any traditionally credible source on his side. I think we can expect 4 or more years of trench warfare between Trump and any other claim to democratic authority. He doesn’t need to deliver. He needs to keep enough Rs quiet/happy by letting them push through the horrors they’ve salivated over for decades (hiding or deferring the consequences for enough election cycles to deflect blame), and/or keep them scared enough of the base not to make waves, and he needs a face of the Establishment to blame for every stymied effort, which means the more cartoonish his initiatives the better, as the Establishment will be all too happy to oblige (and as a bonus, the Dems will peck about giddily and bask in I-told-you-sos, relieved over that time they almost questioned themselves, but then didn’t). Trump won’t suffer if he never masters the learning curve. The rest of us, the country, the world, very well might. We actually need things to work. Reply ↓ ChrisPacific February 13, 2017 at 8:47 pm Well summarized. I was discussing this with someone the other day. Trump is trying to paint a picture of obstructionist liberal/elite courts blocking him from doing his job of looking after the interests of the people. All the gloating memes and tweets about his Ninth Circuit defeat are just playing into his hands. The more the Democrats do it, the more out of touch they look, and the angrier Trump supporters get. In order to get past that dynamic they need to connect with real people and understand how to address their concerns. Sanders gave them a textbook illustration of how to do that. They didn’t just reject it, they seemed viscerally repulsed by the very idea. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 13, 2017 at 9:26 pm The gloating tweets, the fake charges…are they not false-flag attacks on Trump that generate genuine sympathy for the president? Though let’s not be too critical – perhaps some people are only Trump’s agents without knowing so themselves. Reply ↓ ChrisPacific February 14, 2017 at 3:21 pm Possibly in some cases, but some are coming from Hillary, and they are pretty consistent with her approach in the past. I think most Democrats are perfectly happy to play the game. Trump really riles up their base, which is probably good for fundraising purposes. The fact that it antagonizes Trump voters and further entrenches his support is only relevant if Democrats care about winning them back. So far they’ve shown no sign of that as they prefer to demonize them as racist bigots. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 1:42 am I picked the USA Today link because it was the mildest version of this theme. There’s also some reality to it; it takes X number of people to run the government, and they have to have a basic skillset. I’ve been worried all along that Trump’s team is too small. (Of course, I said the same thing in the campaign, because I didn’t know about Kushner’s brilliant data operation in San Antonio.) I’m not all that worried about “actionable intelligence” not getting to Trump, because look at how massively the intelligence community has fucked up in the past, but there’s basic blocking and tackling that needs to be done. You need to get Executive Orders vetted by a competent lawyer, for example. Can the Trump team do it? And the larger question is, can any insurgent President run the government? Is that another way of saying that the ancien regime is too complex and broken to fix? If so, we’re Gordian knot territory…. Reply ↓ ambrit February 14, 2017 at 2:58 am “Gordian knot territory…” Yeah, but Alexander was ‘just passing through.’ Trump et. al. are here to stay, so, I’d suggest that the rise of Feudalism after the slow decay of Imperial Roman rule is more appropriate an analogy. Trumpismo, of which I have serious reservations, gains credibility under such a scenario. What, after all, is the institution of Executive Orders but a creeping “Rule By Decree?” Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:27 am And what, after all, is the “intelligence community” but a Praetorian Guard? Reply ↓ ambrit February 14, 2017 at 3:40 am To which I’d add that the late Imperial Praetorian Guard was comprised mainly of mercenaries. Grave’s description of the “election” of Claudius as Emperor after the assassination of Caligula has fun with the Germanic nature the guardsmen involved. Can we imagine a “soft coup” by Betsy DeVoss’s brother? Applying the lessons of history to the present American story arc is proving depressing reading. Reply ↓ manymusings February 14, 2017 at 8:36 am It didn’t quite come out in my rant — but I do think it matters if Trump and his small band of anarchists can’t or don’t want to run the government. Intelligence is one front, with a big scare factor (and an area where I don’t really know the intricacies to make sense of what we’re currently witnessing …. doesn’t seem good though!). But abdicating on the whole governing thing (treating it like the camel on your back), I think it will matter in a way that breathless day-to-day “reporting” isn’t going to capture, and not this soon, and especially not by the hack Beltway press who report only the visible dust-ups, and only as a political problem (or not) for Trump. A non-functional govt is a boring story on any given day but probably a big problem for us — for functional society. I wonder if we’ll ever get a real picture of the hollowing-out of government agencies (which seems unavoidable), and the toll it takes to lose experienced civil servants and/or the functions they carry out, any which one might seem trivial but it all adds up. I don’t think those EOs necessarily need to be vetted, they seem to be for show, really … but you do need folks who know how to write and vet a reg and run an inter-agency process and keep records and plan ahead. Sure that’s just bureaucracy, but it’s also what was once the quaint notion of good government. An insurgent Pres can run the government if s/he wants to … sure things don’t turn on a dime, they’re not supposed to, but there are processes in place for a new administration to implement its agenda, and the people running those processes in federal agencies serve the elected administration. They don’t stand there waiting for the magic word. I don’t doubt the existence of a Deep State, but just what are we talking about? “Running the government” covers a lot of things, and a lot of it is just regular people who are used to getting new marching orders. An insurgent who isn’t serious about implementing an agenda, but prefers to announce things as if that means they might happen immediately …. that’s a different story. Reply ↓ Plenue February 13, 2017 at 8:14 pm “You don’t know who does what in a bloc, you don’t look to find out. If bodies run out of formation to take a rock to a Starbucks window, they melt back to the bloc in as many seconds. Bodies reconciled, kinetic beauty.” Oh man, this poetic gibberish. Enlighten me, what has black bloc *ever* accomplished other than allow the media to run wild portraying vastly larger numbers of peaceful protesters as an angry mob? Reply ↓ fajensen February 14, 2017 at 4:00 am Black Bloc are nihilists. They do not care what they achieve, achieving is not their thing. They Know that they can never, ever, beat The System, that the special interests are too entrenched to ever be moved, that The Man and The House always wind. They go for being “in the flow” – like skaters or surfers do. Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:46 pm Eventually demonstrators will have to figure out how to “deal with” the Black Bloc scum in their midst. Perhaps an organized ability to administer a very swift and savage beat-down to the first piece of Black Bloc fece that shows itself to be in possession of a rock or a stick. Reply ↓ duck1 February 13, 2017 at 8:17 pm Ivy goes amok! An Ivy League University, which is anonymous for obvious reasons, has had an unusual PR problem during last springs recruitment visit period. The gardeners, who had a vast inventory of ivy plants to water, feed, clip and maintain had recently completed hooking the entire garden up to the cloud, fired 50% of the staff put their feet up on the desk because accomplishing great things! It turned out a rogue strain of hedera helix was infected with malware of unknown provenance that attacked the incoming recruits, slapped and even attempted strangulation. Victims were treated with cortisone, but the rehired gardeners are still trying to get at the root of this. Reply ↓ ambrit February 14, 2017 at 3:22 am Too. Many. Puns. Head. Hurts. (Kudos.) Reply ↓ Bernard February 13, 2017 at 8:31 pm thanks for the Chris Hedges story. Fascinating, to say the least. Reply ↓ different clue February 13, 2017 at 9:15 pm With regard to Mexico seeking to “help its grain-dependency situation” through “buying Argentinian grain” . . . how does this help Mexico? Wouldn’t Mexico help itself better by withdrawing from the agricultural trade provisions of NAFTA and restoring Hard Protectionism for its own agriculture? Wouldn’t this allow Mexico to revive several million few-acre peasant-family corn farms which used to supply Mexico with its corn before NAFTA authorized dumping on the Mexican market millions of bushels of Corporate GMO Petrochemical corn from the Midwest? Simply go back to the SQA and allow a restoration of Mexican-for-Mexicans agriculture within Mexico and several million NAFTA-destroyed farm-livelihoods will be able to emerge back into existence and allow several million NAFTAstinian Refugees currently in exile in America to return to Mexico and resume their former and restored-to-them livelihoods. Reply ↓ Optimader February 13, 2017 at 9:15 pm http://m.torontosun.com/2017/02/11/black-lives-matter-co-founder-appears-to-label-white-people-defects Nice… the cognitively dissonant T. Sun editor had to insert “appears”! Well i gyess her irrationality can be excused as a product of the heritage of African slave trade in Canada…. oh wait… Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 13, 2017 at 9:20 pm The color spectrum is a continuum. Reply ↓ ambrit February 14, 2017 at 3:24 am And identity politics is a dis-continuum. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:26 am That’s Black Lives Matter Toronto. Watching Deray turn into an open shill for the Democrats is far more concerning to me. Reply ↓ ambrit February 14, 2017 at 3:49 am Sorry to gloat a bit, (well, not really,) but the alt-real info-sphere was leery of Mr Deray and company from way back. Too many stories about his living arrangements and funding sources. (CTrs kept up a barrage of claims linking Deray to George Soros and the “Secret High Muckety Muck Cabal of Reptilian Elders” etc. etc.) Even I get a headache contemplating the depraved depths to which Cynicism is sinking. [Sorry about no alt-real links, but, I really do have a headache, and cruising around my fave alt sources would make that situation worse. Besides, I have to get up tomorrow morning to go to work, headache or no.] Cheers! Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 2:52 pm Yusra Khogali is not an African-American or African-Canadian type of name. It appears South Asian. And so does she. I suspect she is a jihado-Pakistani descendant of Pakistani immigrants to Canada . . . second or possibly third generation. Do African-Canadians really accept such alien possibly-stealth-Islamist leadership? If they do, they are learning the wisdom of the old saying . . . If you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas. If you lie down with pigs, you get up with fece. Reply ↓ Vatch February 14, 2017 at 3:03 pm Supposedly her ancestry is Sudanese: http://canadafirst.nfshost.com/?tag=yusra-khogali Reply ↓ different clue February 14, 2017 at 9:06 pm Thank you. Certainly not basic Afro-American/Canadian, then. But she is Canada’s problem, not ours. And the Canadians are too nice to start calling her a BLM Racist Pig. So I guess it will just fester along. Reply ↓ ewmayer February 13, 2017 at 9:33 pm Re. Oroville damn spillway woes – CA Lt. Gov. Gavin “don’t hate me ’cause I’m pretty” Newsom on the local n00z right now, blathering about “we’re beyond finger-pointing here.” Dude, we are just getting started with the finger-pointing. We *need* a thorough round of finger-pointing, perhaps ending in a few gross-negligence convictions. Also, I dislike acre-based computations (e.g. acre-feet of water in the reservoir) because very few people, now that farmers are a small % of the population, use acres in their mental math anymore. So a handy conversion to memorize: 640 acres = 1 square mile. Thus, 350,000 acre-feet of water in the Oroville reservoir means roughly 500 square-mile-feet, i.e. picture a cubic volume 1 mile on each side, filled to 500 feet (roughly 10% full) with water, thus around 0.1 cubic miles of water. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 13, 2017 at 9:45 pm I don’t know much about him. Is he pretty? How can he represent people who are not pretty, that is, most of us? Reply ↓ allan February 13, 2017 at 9:59 pm Well, he is a co-owner of a winery whose recent vintages sell for up to $152 per 750ml bottle. A man of the people – if your people live in Sea Cliff. Reply ↓ Dave February 13, 2017 at 11:51 pm He lives in Ross, which is all “white”. Meanwhile he continues to preach multiculturalism, tolerance and diversity and is expected to be the Democrats choice for governor in a couple. A drunkard, a Lothario and a Gigolo walk into a bar; “What’ll you have Mr. Newsom?” Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 1:42 am To me, he’s an absolute ladyboner killer. But oily frat-bros were never my jam. Is he the worst next stage neoliberal on the West Coast? He gets my vote. Harris will be useless, but if we can keep her in the Senate (instead of the White House, as she is already being floated for) and get somebody good into Feinstein’s seat (not at all a given), she won’t do too much harm. He’s already running for Governor. I unwillingly received one of his early mailings. It was almost a parody of empty New Democrat rhetoric. I unsubscribed fast enough to turn back time. We have to stop him. Are you with me, ew? Reply ↓ John Wright February 13, 2017 at 10:34 pm A bit of water history in the CA region should include a mention of the St Francis Dam failure (AKA San Francisquito Canyon Dam) on March 12, 1928. This was a LA country water supply dam, and was inspected on the very day of the failure by William Mulholland (Mulholland Drive in Los Angeles is named for him) and pronounced safe. A book covering this disaster is described at http://wilkman.com/project/floodpath-the-deadliest-man-made-disaster-of-20th-century-america-and-the-making-of-modern-los-angeles/introduction/ Per Wikipedia, the official death toll was 385 but other bodies were found until 1994. The estimated death toll is a maximum of 431 people. Reply ↓ Optimader February 13, 2017 at 10:55 pm I would go with cubic feet/unit of time –a standard dimensions for liquid flow measurement ( like with pumps ). Barrels would be a fun one to use… anyhoo the numbers are big enough to be an abstraction for most ppl in anycase Reply ↓ ewmayer February 13, 2017 at 10:09 pm Was off by a factor of 10 in my volume computation above – news just now said Oroville reservoir is actually 3.5 million acre-feet of water, thus roughly a full cubic mile of water. Reply ↓ Optimader February 13, 2017 at 10:58 pm Out of curiosity anyonetaking a crack ata guesstimate to refill it after its repaired? Years i’d suppose? Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:25 am I would try to avoid phrasing like “taking a crack” in this context. Reply ↓ mk February 13, 2017 at 10:27 pm From the Sacramento Bee on the Oroville Dam: This story was originally published on November 27, 2005. It is being republished in light of damage at the Oroville dam. http://www.sacbee.com/news/state/california/water-and-drought/article132475584.html Apparently they’ve been aware of the problem with the dam since 2005, but the state and fed agencies decided there wasn’t enough population for it to be a political problem, so they wouldn’t spend the tens of millions of dollars needed to fix it. Reply ↓ alex morfesis February 14, 2017 at 12:00 am Flynn is gone…big mistake…the blob will smell blood and start circling…big mistake…oh well…spring training has begun…will give the orange haired dude until Halloween…then onto 2018 Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 2:50 am Sketching some first thoughts, because the situation is overly dynamic and has a lot of moving parts– Yep, the sharks smell blood in the water. (The tank is the Beltway, however.) Some links on Flynn: WHY ARE NINE SOURCES COMING FORWARD NOW ON FLYNN’S CONVERSATIONS WITH RUSSIA? EmptyWheel Michael Flynn Resigns as National Security Adviser NYT This to me is the important story, from (Kushner’s) Observer: In light of this, and out of worries about the White House’s ability to keep secrets, some of our spy agencies have begun withholding intelligence from the Oval Office. Why risk your most sensitive information if the president may ignore it anyway? A senior National Security Agency official explained that NSA was systematically holding back some of the “good stuff” from the White House, in an unprecedented move. For decades, NSA has prepared special reports for the president’s eyes only, containing enormously sensitive intelligence. In the last three weeks, however, NSA has ceased doing this, fearing Trump and his staff cannot keep their best SIGINT secrets. Since NSA provides something like 80 percent of the actionable intelligence in our government, what’s being kept from the White House may be very significant indeed. However, such concerns are widely shared across the IC, and NSA doesn’t appear to be the only agency withholding intelligence from the administration out of security fears. What’s going on was explained lucidly by a senior Pentagon intelligence official, who stated that “since January 20, we’ve assumed that the Kremlin has ears inside the SITROOM,” meaning the White House Situation Room, the 5,500 square-foot conference room in the West Wing where the president and his top staffers get intelligence briefings. “There’s not much the Russians don’t know at this point,” the official added in wry frustration. None of this has happened in Washington before. A White House with unsettling links to Moscow wasn’t something anybody in the Pentagon or the Intelligence Community even considered a possibility until a few months ago. Until Team Trump clarifies its strange relationship with the Kremlin, and starts working on its professional honesty, the IC will approach the administration with caution and concern. I previously warned the Trump administration not to go to war with the nation’s spies, and here’s why. This is a risky situation, particularly since President Trump is prone to creating crises foreign and domestic with his incautious tweets. In the event of a serious international crisis of the sort which eventually befalls almost every administration, the White House will need the best intelligence possible to prevent war, possibly even nuclear war. It may not get the information it needs in that hour of crisis, and for that it has nobody to blame but itself. So factions within the intelligence community have gone on strike (so much for “democratic norms”) A few things. 1) Chuck Schumer issued the same threat (“Let me tell you, you take on the intelligence community, they have six ways from Sunday at getting back at you. So even for a practical, supposedly hard-nosed businessman, he’s being really dumb to do this”). So we’re looking at, as it were, full spectrum dominance within the political class by the “intelligence community.” 2) So far as I can tell from the Schindler article linked above, Flynn fucked up, maybe on about the level of Petraeus or Democrat Sandy Berger, who hid classified documents in his pants and smuggled them out of the National Archive. (Of course, a lot of people in the Beltway were very happy to see Flynn fuck up, but that doesn’t mean he didn’t. And while we’re at it, can somebody please point me to a fully paid-up member of The Blob who isn’t crazy pants? Or corrupt? And isn’t the Logan Act a dead letter?) 3) To me, looks like a well-executed play in a game-plan that intelligence community slash Democrat factions have been running since at least mid-summer. (At this point we remember that “American statesman” Leon Panetta was Obama’s chief of state, head of DoD, and head of the CIA. So I would be very interested to know who appointed WaPo’s nine anonymous sources.) Clinton calling Trump a Russian stooge in the debates was one play, the 25-page “dodgy” dossier was another play (now, apparently, SIGNINT is “confirming” parts of it, so that’s still on the boil), the call for “faithless electors” to be briefed in the (farcically bad) JARA memo was another play, this is another play. No doubt impeaching Trump or getting him to resign by peeling off “moderate Republicans” would be a touchdown). 4) Note that Clinton made her charges of Trump treason in the debate in as direct a fashion as possible, so voters have aleady had the chance to take all this into consideration, at least at a high level (and since we can never see any of the intel, the high level is all we ever will see.) So, if the winning play in the gameplan is removing Trump from office, we’re seeing the intelligence community reversing an election result. 5) If the intelligence community can (a) vet a Presidential candidate after he is elected but before he takes office, and (b) can reverse an election result based on evidence the public cannot see, then the intelligence community is, in essence, a new fourth branch of government not accountable to the people in any way. Anybody who thinks the military will go back to the barracks after staging a coup is delusional. In the same way, anybody who thinks the intelligence community will go back to its SIGINT and HUMINT is delusional. Once they have achieved this change in the Constitutional order, it will never be undone. 6) It’s been amazing to see what liberals have been willing to throw away for Clinton’s sake. Apparently, having a vehemently pro-life Pence as President isn’t a problem for them. Nor is turning the intelligence community in a Praetorian Guard and giving them veto power over voters’ choice of a President a stumbling block. And it can’t be that they really believe Trump is a fascist, else for example Trump’s nominee to the VA wouldn’t be approved 100-0. So it’s all about their power and their rice bowls, plain and simple (and, I would argue, the war with Russia that The Blob wants, which amounts to the same thing). It would be wonderful to spot a good faith actor in this mess, but frankly, I’m stumped. 7) So this is what a legitimacy crisis looks like when liberal Democrats foment it. It would be entertaining if it weren’t so horrific and sad. 8) Of course, all the Democrat establishment really had to do was: a) Get 10 Democrats on the road doing Town Halls, just like Sanders is doing, talking about universal programs that deliver concrete material benefits, especially to the working class b) Make voter registration a core party function. That would do it. Boom, Senate 2018, Presidency 2020. Rather than do something simple that connects with voters, they’re fomenting a slow-moving soft coup and a change to the Constitutional order from inside the Beltway. Swell. Just swell. Reply ↓ Foppe February 14, 2017 at 2:57 am With Flynn gone, how many remain who are/were critical of the size/scope of the IC (as a place of well-paying employment for credentialed people)? How many who wish to deescalate the relationship with Russia? Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 3:01 am That’s what I was worrying about. Now Lambert’s got me worrying about a lot more. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:21 am I would love to be argued out of this, but I see this as a real crossing the Rubicon moment. Reply ↓ aab February 14, 2017 at 3:26 am This is really not when I would have chosen for you to set aside your ironic cool. Dammit. Reply ↓ ambrit February 14, 2017 at 3:30 am Agreed. There is no going back if “they” get away with it. Of course, since the Journalism Profession abdicated it’s responsibilities, there was a power vacuum in the category of “Fourth Estate.” What could be more “natural” than that when the chroniclers of history self destructed, that the “makers” of history stepped in to fill the void? This is all beginning to look like Gangsterism. Reply ↓ Foppe February 14, 2017 at 3:45 am Well, that guy who ran the FBI like his personal fiefdom did get ousted. So 5 is probably not truly permanent. And I’m not quite sure that this mostly procedural mistake by Flynn is comparable to Petraeus’s (or Berger’s) actions. But then, why resign? It’s odd, to be sure. Wrt 6, I don’t really understand what the Ds stand to gain from a Pence presidency. I mean, war is good for business and all that, and the IC is a great employer, but what D-supporting sectors really benefit from war with Iran/Russia? Can it really just be the principle of it all? That said, with Flynn gone, is there much of a need to kick Trump out? I mean, he writes lots of EOs, but all that does is provide fodder / distractions; congress could just do its own thing in the meantime. I’d say it’s mostly a question of him being willing to indulge the idea of a war somewhere, to keep the need for the IC alive. Though perhaps ‘flare-ups’ will do, on the ‘terror prevention’ front — assuming they happen at the right moment(s). Reply ↓ VietnamVet February 14, 2017 at 4:12 am Yes, I agree. The Intelligence Community showed that it has vetting power over President’s staff. Anyone who crosses them is gone. This is very scary stuff; if for no other reason than now there is no way to negotiate a stand down from the Cold War 2.0. The President will only know what the spooks want him to know. Bankers hoard. Oligarchs loot. Government withers. From this day forward; the Praetorian Guard will know all, hold the nuclear weapons and profit from the endless wars. Reply ↓ fajensen February 14, 2017 at 6:50 am Maybe Trump needs to do his very best “Nikita Khrusjtjov debriefing Lavrentij Berija” impression? Reply ↓ Rosario February 14, 2017 at 12:14 am I can attest to Arnade’s stuff on Youngstown. I got my whole family just down the road in Alliance. It is a mess there too. WRT the Oroville dam, for once can we have just the engineers talk to the public rather than PR people? I don’t care if it’s too technical or they don’t have “people skills” (I hate that stereotype of engineers btw). There is a massive difference in civil engineering between “a hole in the dam” (as has been reported by some outlets) and a damaged primary spillway and heavy erosion or concerns of heavy erosion on the emergency spillway. Whether the situation is better or worse than reported I would rather hear the engineers explain the situation than the PR people. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 1:36 am > I can attest to Arnade’s stuff on Youngstown. But America is already great! Reply ↓ Altandmain February 14, 2017 at 12:50 am Unfortunately for us, the Goldman Sachs guy just got confirmed as Treasury. https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2017/02/14/mnuc-f14.html This represents a serious betrayal of Trump’s promises. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:03 am Plus ça change, plus c’est la même chose… Reply ↓ paul February 14, 2017 at 2:22 am T Bone Burnett’s address to Americanafest I think you could search and replace ‘artist’ with ‘human’ and it would work as well. Positively realistic t-bone steak, a lot juicier than elon musk’s latest drivel. Reply ↓ relstprof February 14, 2017 at 3:26 am Re: black bloc and violence. I was struck by this recent New Yorker piece on Albert Woodfox, a committed Black Panther, who as a member of the Angola 3, had to rethink tactics in a suffocating and increasingly narrow sphere of action. Woodfox and King ultimately decided that their recommendation to other inmates not to violently resist strip-search and bodily invasion was the right choice. Why? I’m not sure, but maybe it’s the idea that non-violence allows a story, a narrative historicity, to develop. One’s continuing survival allows a community of memory to develop. This community is the legacy in a way — the gift. http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/01/16/how-albert-woodfox-survived-solitary Woodfox’s self-condemnation for the “no contest” he agreed to, even as innocent, seems unwarranted given all the suffering he endured. But I’m not going to judge. Principles are principles. “Resistance is the secret of joy.” Alice Walker Reply ↓ manymusings February 14, 2017 at 10:02 am Lumping “current and former staff” together for sourcing purposes isn’t shorthand, it’s cover for effectively having no credible source (and what authority are we supposed to ascribe to “others throughout the government”? might as well be the reporter’s neighbors and friends). There’s a big difference between current and former staff, and among former, there’s a big difference between those who might still have a clue what’s going on, and those who once briefly had a title and now like to try to use it to peddle influence. Anyone who is current (or former, but still plugged in well enough to have actual insight) is very, very unlikely to say anything, even on background, and if they do, it’s probably too caveated or hedged or boring to be usable, and if it’s not caveated/hedged/boring, it’s a calculated or even an authorized leak and therefore might be newsworthy, but shouldn’t be merely repeated with anonymous attribution. Beltway press seems to be falling over itself to report on the anatomy of a meltdown, but it seems more like ego-driven hacks getting other hacks to confirm their own imagined drama. It hasn’t been that long, and career civil servants don’t gossip like this, at least not so early. Lambert’s right to follow and parse the sourcing. And I’d add as a filter the truism that folks who might have credible perspectives are usually the least likely to talk (unless calculated or authorized), and least likely to spout what political reporters think is the good stuff. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments ambrit on No, Trump Isn’t Imploding — But the Opposition Is Broad and IntenseThe last sentence is the real kicker. "This... Mark P. on 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/15/2017Re. Churchill: 'In a 1931 article in The... vlade on No, Trump Isn’t Imploding — But the Opposition Is Broad and Intense"Trump was at sea in terms of getting... ambrit on Links 2/15/17The "White House Cat?" aab on Links 2/15/17Not that long ago, this would have upset... Topics Africa (15) Australia (126) Auto industry (91) Banana republic (2,965) Banking industry (4,618) Brexit (39) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (243) China (561) Commodities (449) Corporate governance (318) Credit cards (158) Credit markets (3,618) Curiousities (273) Currencies (902) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,438) Dubious statistics (568) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,719) Energy markets (498) Environment (444) Europe (603) Federal Reserve (1,265) Free markets and their discontents (1,367) Garrulous insolence (64) Global warming (315) Globalization (1,078) Guest Post (6,316) Health care (378) Hedge funds (415) Income disparity (916) India (13) Infrastructure (75) Investment banks (744) Investment management (488) Investment outlook (842) Japan (203) Legal (1,862) Links (2,995) Macroeconomic policy (967) Market inefficiencies (223) Media appearances (74) Media watch (855) Middle East (137) Moral hazard (339) New McCarthyism (5) New Zealand (77) Notices (282) OCC (12) Payment system (46) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,943) Private equity (503) Privatization (65) Real estate (1,518) Regulations and regulators (3,546) Ridiculously obvious scams (424) Risk and risk management (715) Russia (232) Science and the scientific method (192) Social policy (994) Social values (1,767) Species loss (52) Student loans (50) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (115) Taxes (376) Technology and innovation (430) The destruction of the middle class (1,289) The dismal science (1,446) TPP (83) UK (107) Water Cooler (612) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wells Fargo’s Horrendous Year in 3 Charts These charts show why Wells Fargo was more than happy to put 2016 in the rearview mirror. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Feb 13, 2017 at 11:47AM It's fair to say that Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) was happy to close the chapter on 2016. The nation's third-biggest bank by assets was beset by scandal last year after it was revealed that thousands of employees in its branches had opened as many as two million fake accounts for customers in order to meet overly aggressive sales quotas. Throughout the last few months, I've tracked the fallout from the scandal on Wells Fargo's business. Below are three charts that help to illustrate its impact on the California-based bank. The Wells Fargo Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. Image source: iStock/Thinkstock. 1. Account openings plummet One way Wells Fargo responded to the fake-account scandal was to eliminate product sales goals in its branches. Because these were the cause of the malfeasance in the first place, this should take care of that issue. But the decision doesn't come without a cost. Namely, without its employees pitching its products, the number of new account openings have plummeted. New checking account openings fell by 40% in December compared to the year-ago period. And credit card applications were down by 43%. Data source: Wells Fargo. Chart by author. Neither of these trends will have a meaningful short-term impact on Wells Fargo, as new accounts aren't massive revenue generators. Over time, however, the decrease in accounts is likely to throttle Wells Fargo's growth rate. 2. Brand value There's no question that Wells Fargo's reputation took a hit when people learned that its employees had been systematically defrauding customers for years by opening accounts in their names without the approval to do so. But intangible assets like reputation are hard to measure, so it's difficult to say just how much actual damage was caused. This is where Brand Finance comes in. It's a consulting company that helps to measure the value of brands around the world using the so-called royalty relief methodology, "which ranks firms based on the licensing rate that a third-party would need to pay to use that company's brand." Based on Brand Finance's latest estimate of bank brands, Wells Fargo fell from the top spot in the world last year down to second place, eclipsed by China's biggest bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. It's hard to say how much its fake-account scandal contributed to this, but it isn't a stretch to imagine that it was the primary reason for the decline. Data source: Brand Finance. Chart by author. 3. Profitability Finally, one of Wells Fargo's most impressive accomplishments since the financial crisis is that it's consistently been the most profitable multitrillion dollar bank in the country. But this, too, took a hit as a result of the scandal. In the fourth quarter of last year, Wells Fargo generated a 13.2% return on average tangible common equity. That was down from 14.1% in the first quarter -- i.e., before the scandal -- and it paved the way for JPMorgan Chase to claim the top spot among multitrillion dollar banks. Data source: YCharts.com. Chart by author. Suffice it to say, 2016 was a challenging year for Wells Fargo. The good news for the bank is that the new focus on decreasing regulations and defanging the regulatory agencies will almost certainly contain further fallout from its missteps last year. John Maxfield owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Feb 13, 2017 at 11:47AM Financials Stocks Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $58.55 up $0.57 (0.98%) Read More The Fallen Angel of the Bank Industry Wells Fargo Reports a Rare Disappointing Quarter 10 Biggest Banks in America How Did Wells Fargo's Stock Perform in 2016? Will This Strategic Decision Hurt Wells Fargo Over the Long Run? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Wells Fargo’s Horrendous Year in 3 Charts @themotleyfool #stocks $WFC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance UniFirst Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for UniFirst Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co UniFirst Corp (UNF) VP David Martin Katz Sells 1,098 Shares of Stock February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet UniFirst Corp (NYSE:UNF) VP David Martin Katz sold 1,098 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $127.00, for a total transaction of $139,446.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 2,666 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $338,582. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. David Martin Katz also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, January 9th, David Martin Katz sold 1,089 shares of UniFirst Corp stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $129.39, for a total transaction of $140,905.71. On Thursday, December 8th, David Martin Katz sold 1,191 shares of UniFirst Corp stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $145.95, for a total transaction of $173,826.45. Shares of UniFirst Corp (NYSE:UNF) traded down 0.23% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $129.00. 17,825 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $132.65 and a 200-day moving average of $131.16. UniFirst Corp has a 1-year low of $98.02 and a 1-year high of $147.65. The company has a market capitalization of $2.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.31 and a beta of 0.76. UniFirst Corp (NYSE:UNF) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 4th. The company reported $1.38 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.58 by $0.20. The firm earned $386.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $393.08 million. UniFirst Corp had a net margin of 7.92% and a return on equity of 7.99%. The business’s revenue was up 3.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.78 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that UniFirst Corp will post $4.94 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Friday, March 10th will be issued a $0.0375 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $0.15 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.12%. UniFirst Corp’s payout ratio is currently 2.60%. “UniFirst Corp (UNF) VP David Martin Katz Sells 1,098 Shares of Stock” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/unifirst-corp-unf-vp-david-martin-katz-sells-1098-shares-of-stock.html. UNF has been the subject of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of UniFirst Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. William Blair reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of UniFirst Corp in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Strs Ohio increased its stake in UniFirst Corp by 3.2% in the second quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 9,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,134,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. American Century Companies Inc. purchased a new position in shares of UniFirst Corp during the second quarter worth approximately $4,149,000. Nordea Investment Management AB purchased a new position in shares of UniFirst Corp during the second quarter worth approximately $617,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of UniFirst Corp by 3,831.9% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,679 shares of the company’s stock worth $541,000 after buying an additional 4,560 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of UniFirst Corp by 2.5% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 12,274 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,420,000 after buying an additional 303 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 75.94% of the company’s stock. About UniFirst Corp UniFirst Corporation is a provider of workplace uniforms and protective work wear clothing in the United States. The Company designs, manufactures, personalizes, rents, cleans, delivers, and sells a range of uniforms and protective clothing, including shirts, pants, jackets, coveralls, lab coats, smocks, aprons and specialized protective wear, such as flame resistant and high visibility garments. Receive News & Ratings for UniFirst Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for UniFirst Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Emerging Market Bond Funds Are Back In Vogue, Despite Inherent Risks February 13, 2017 11:53am NYSE:EMB ShareTweet Emerging markets bonds were in focus late last week on considerable inflows in the largest ETF in the segment, EMB (iShares JPMorgan USD Emerging Markets Bond, Expense Ratio 0.60%, $7.9 billion in AUM). EMB built on its already considerable asset base with more than $425 million in new assets that joined the fray last week thanks to creation flows, and the fund has steadily rallied to its pre-Trump election levels. While EMB traded higher than a $115 handle just last September it is presently trading in the low $113’s and still has some work to do in order to recoup new highs (52 week high is $118.14). The fund is more than two times larger than the next largest alternative in the “Emerging Markets Bond” space which is PCY (PowerShares Emerging Markets Sovereign Debt Portfolio, Expense Ratio 0.50%, $3.7 billion in AUM). PCY has not quite seen the appetite for new assets that EMB (over $547 million in YTD) has had in 2017, but it has attracted more than $45 million in its own right during this time frame. EMLC (VanEck Vectors JPMorgan Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond, Expense Ratio 0.47%, $2.3 billion in AUM), which is the third largest fund in this segment, has also put together a strong 2017 thus far with $200 million in via creation flows. Some of the countries that are represented within the portfolio include Russia (#1 holding, 1.7%), Uruguay (1.03%), Hungary (0.93%), Peru (0.85%), and Argentina (0.84%) to name a few (there are three hundred thirty-nine individual bonds within the product currently). The iShares JPMorgan USD Emer Mkt Bnd Fd ETF (NYSE:EMB) was trading at $113.10 per share on Monday morning, up $0.09 (+0.08%). Year-to-date, EMB has gained 2.61%, versus a 4.06% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. EMB currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 22 ETFs in the Emerging Markets Bonds ETFs category. Disclaimer: The content of this article is excerpted from a daily newsletter from Street One Financial. While ETF Daily News may edit the contents and add a relevant title to the piece, the author, Paul Weisbruch, does not endorse or recommend any issuer or security mentioned herein. About the Author: Paul Weisbruch Paul Weisbruch is the VP of ETF/Options Sales and Trading at Street One Financial. Prior to joining the team at Street One, Paul served as the Director of RIA and Institutional ETF Sales at RevenueShares ETFs from December 2007 until November of 2009. Before RevenueShares, Paul was employed by Susquehanna International Group from 2000 until 2007 serving in roles including OTC/NYSE Institutional Block Trading, Nasdaq/OTC Market Making, ETF/Derivatives Intelligence and Strategy, Algorithmic Trading, as well as acting as the PHLX Floor Specialist in the ETFs, SPY and DIA.Paul has been actively involved in the ETF space from both a product and trading standpoint since 2000. Additionally, Paul has well forged relationships with national RIAs, institutional pension fund managers and consultants, mutual fund and hedge fund managers, and also the ETF media. Co-authoring the “S1F ETF Daily” since 2009, the daily piece has become a must for many portfolio managers in the ETF space, with segments regularly appearing in the likes of Barron’s, WSJ, and ETFTrends.com for instance. He holds his Series 4 (Registered Options Principal), 6, 7, 55 (Equity Trader), 63, and 65 licenses. He graduated from the University of Pittsburgh (B.S. – Economics), graduating magna cum laude, and has an MBA from Villanova University. Tags: bonds emerging markets money flows NYSE:EMB Categories: NYSE:EMB Read Next With Currency Markets In Turmoil, Consider These Emerging Market Bond Funds There’s A New King Of Long-Term Bond Funds Investors Are Fleeing From Emerging Markets And Gold Funds If You’re Wary of Emerging Market Bond Funds, Consider Bank Loan Funds This Emerging Market Bond Fund Has Nearly Doubled in Size This Year Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular The Dow Jones Industrial Average Enters Overbought Territory A Bloodbath Looms Over The Oil Markets Investors Should Expect Some Consolidation In The Markets Soon Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions February 16, 2017 42° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Sunny skies. High near 65F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear. Low 38F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 16, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Add your listing Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Markets Right Now: US indexes push to new all-time highs Feb 13, 2017 Updated Feb 13, 2017 (…) NEW YORK (AP) — The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. Stocks continued to push higher, setting more all-time highs for major U.S. indexes. Bond yields climbed Monday, helping to send banks and other financial companies higher. Citigroup rose 2.3 percent. Apple closed at an all-time high. In deal news, Zeltiq Aesthetics soared 13.2 percent after agreeing to be acquired by Allergan, which makes Botox, for $2.5 billion. Phone companies fell after Verizon announced an unlimited data plan. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 12 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,328. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 142 points, or 0.7 percent, to 20,412. The Nasdaq composite rose 29 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,763. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.43 percent. ___ 11:45 a.m. Stocks around the world continued to push higher, and U.S. indexes again hit records. Bond yields climbed Monday, helping to send banks and other financial companies higher. Citigroup rose 2.2 percent. In deal news, Zeltiq Aesthetics soared 12.6 percent after agreeing to be acquired by Allergan, which makes Botox, for $2.5 billion. Phone companies fell after Verizon announced an unlimited data plan. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,325. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 119 points, or 0.6 percent, to 20,389. The Nasdaq composite rose 27 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,761. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.44 percent. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks extended their march further into record territory in early trading as banks and materials companies posted solid gains. Steelmaker Nucor rose 4 percent in early trading Monday, while JPMorgan Chase gained 1.3 percent. In deal news, Zeltiq Aesthetics soared 12.6 percent after agreeing to be acquired by Allergan, which makes Botox, for $2.5 billion. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,323. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 88 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,360. The Nasdaq composite rose 23 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,758. Tags Business General News Materials Industry Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Financial Markets Treasury Notes Government Bonds Debt And Bond Markets Locations United States North America Popular Woman charged with killing fiance early Thursday morning in Dothan Vehicle full of archery and golf equipment discovered after burglary arrests Local rappers to perform with Layzie Bone Sunday death at Johnson Homes now considered a homicide Work pays off at Ozark 'Night to Shine' event Physician finds her job a 'natural fit' Old Hooters restaurant property rezoned despite opposition from neighbors To Guv, with love What is the history of Spann Farm? Elba senior signs with Faulkner Contests Moana's Island Adventure Ticket Giveaway Cutest Kid Contest Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barracuda Networks Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barracuda Networks Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Imperva Inc (IMPV) to Sell Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock William D. Jenkins, Jr. Sells 1,294 Shares of Barracuda Networks, Inc. (CUDA) Stock February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Barracuda Networks, Inc. (NYSE:CUDA) CEO William D. Jenkins, Jr. sold 1,294 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.00, for a total transaction of $31,056.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 508,880 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $12,213,120. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Barracuda Networks, Inc. (NYSE:CUDA) opened at 24.43 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $23.22 and its 200-day moving average is $23.24. The firm has a market cap of $1.29 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 128.58 and a beta of 3.43. Barracuda Networks, Inc. has a one year low of $10.33 and a one year high of $26.69. Barracuda Networks (NYSE:CUDA) last announced its earnings results on Monday, January 9th. The company reported $0.22 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.14 by $0.08. The company earned $88.80 million during the quarter. Barracuda Networks had a net margin of 2.95% and a negative return on equity of 101.22%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 10.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.07 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Barracuda Networks, Inc. will post $0.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/william-d-jenkins-jr-sells-1294-shares-of-barracuda-networks-inc-cuda-stock.html. CUDA has been the topic of several recent research reports. Robert W. Baird initiated coverage on shares of Barracuda Networks in a report on Monday, November 14th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $29.00 target price on the stock. Vetr raised shares of Barracuda Networks from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $26.02 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, October 18th. BTIG Research reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $30.00 target price (up from $28.00) on shares of Barracuda Networks in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. DA Davidson raised shares of Barracuda Networks from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $25.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Summit Redstone raised shares of Barracuda Networks from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 18th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $25.53. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Penserra Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Barracuda Networks by 38.1% in the third quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 1,059,877 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,005,000 after buying an additional 292,574 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Barracuda Networks by 52.1% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,032,111 shares of the company’s stock valued at $22,118,000 after buying an additional 353,726 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Barracuda Networks by 3.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 469,832 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,068,000 after buying an additional 15,785 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Barracuda Networks by 16.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 262,082 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,677,000 after buying an additional 37,467 shares during the period. Finally, American Century Companies Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Barracuda Networks during the second quarter valued at about $3,356,000. Institutional investors own 57.17% of the company’s stock. About Barracuda Networks Barracuda Networks, Inc designs and delivers security and data protection solutions. The Company offers cloud-enabled solutions that enable customers to address security threats, manage network performance, and protect and store their data. Its solutions are designed to manage information technology operations for its customers. Receive News & Ratings for Barracuda Networks Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barracuda Networks Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content February 16, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles   Business   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > Business > Business Breaking News > Markets Right Now: US indexes push to new all-time highs Business Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Markets Right Now: US indexes push to new all-time highs By: The Associated Press Monday, Feb. 13, 2017 at 3:07 PM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error NEW YORK - The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. Stocks continued to push higher, setting more all-time highs for major U.S. indexes. Bond yields climbed Monday, helping to send banks and other financial companies higher. Citigroup rose 2.3 per cent. Apple closed at an all-time high. In deal news, Zeltiq esthetics soared 13.2 per cent after agreeing to be acquired by Allergan, which makes Botox, for $2.5 billion. Phone companies fell after Verizon announced an unlimited data plan. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 12 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 2,328. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 142 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 20,412. The Nasdaq composite rose 29 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 5,763. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.43 per cent. ___ 11:45 a.m. Stocks around the world continued to push higher, and U.S. indexes again hit records. Bond yields climbed Monday, helping to send banks and other financial companies higher. Citigroup rose 2.2 per cent. In deal news, Zeltiq esthetics soared 12.6 per cent after agreeing to be acquired by Allergan, which makes Botox, for $2.5 billion. Phone companies fell after Verizon announced an unlimited data plan. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 2,325. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 119 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 20,389. The Nasdaq composite rose 27 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 5,761. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.44 per cent. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks extended their march further into record territory in early trading as banks and materials companies posted solid gains. Steelmaker Nucor rose 4 per cent in early trading Monday, while JPMorgan Chase gained 1.3 per cent. In deal news, Zeltiq esthetics soared 12.6 per cent after agreeing to be acquired by Allergan, which makes Botox, for $2.5 billion. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,323. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 88 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 20,360. The Nasdaq composite rose 23 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 5,758. Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to Business Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Two BPS officers charged after traffic incident Standoff suspect arrested Police in standoff in west end Two men arrested in Virden drug bust Man accused of assaulting girlfriend Smith named MVP Man sent to prison for crimes against girlfriend Update: Standoff suspect in custody Trustees studying budget scenarios Tour shows Strand Theatre's woes Police in standoff in west end Two BPS officers charged after traffic incident Six confirmed mumps cases in Brandon already this month Standoff suspect arrested Process to annex farmland south of Brandon moves forward Minnedosa mom upset over lack of heat in son's classroom Crown lays out charges against accused in rural crime sprees Tour shows Strand Theatre's woes Update: Standoff suspect in custody Man sent to prison for crimes against girlfriend Police in standoff in west end Treherne man dies in head-on crash $150,000 of crystal meth recovered Police lay charges in cocaine and meth bust Three times the charm for Anderson sisters Cow shot dead on Westman farm 'Immediate danger' spurred Mounties to seize 76 guns from rural property Two BPS officers charged after traffic incident Six confirmed mumps cases in Brandon already this month Worker tells mom to feed baby in store bathroom Today | Week | Month Trustees studying budget scenarios Shining a light on Manitoba Hydro job cuts Lifetime of inspiration and artistry City of Brandon proposing development fee as growth strains infrastructure BSD unveils preliminary budget Police in standoff in west end Trustees studying budget scenarios Man caught with gun, cocaine in car gets 2-year prison term Sound Off! -- Jan. 27, 2017 Woman sentenced for 'terrorizing' ex-boyfriend Maguire's support of Facebook for advertising draws ire of local media Update: Brandon council deliberates on budget Sisters stick together at Fairview Personal Care Home More pavilions, date change among 2018 plans International students 'not cash cows' Meth use on rise in Brandon Province boosting education funding by just 1% Today | Week | Month Medal of Bravery recipient charged in standoff Lifetime of inspiration and artistry RMNP staff set to recreate 1933 hockey game Sifton Reeve Rick Plaisier remembered for dedication to community Process to annex farmland south of Brandon moves forward City of Brandon proposing development fee as growth strains infrastructure Fired up about philately Four men charged and another sought for Western Manitoba theft ring Wheaties fall in Fog Bowl, take rematch Heinrichs stepping up for BU Wheat City biz eager to aid struggling group Education key for Alzheimer awareness Cow shot dead on Westman farm Four men charged and another sought for Western Manitoba theft ring Glenboro couple still in love after 75 years Cornwallis fire claims puppy 'Immediate danger' spurred Mounties to seize 76 guns from rural property Treherne man dies in head-on crash WHL NOTEBOOK: Geekie enjoying breakout season with Americans Night hunting battle turning into 'race war,' Pallister says End of MSBL expected but tough to accept Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog Donald Trump just can’t get along with a hugely important American industry The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Max Ehrenfreund By Max Ehrenfreund February 13 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund President Trump looks at Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House on Wednesday. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Associated Press) Wall Street has President Trump's ear. He meets with bankers and financiers at the White House, and he has signed orders indicating that he will accommodate the industry's needs. Meanwhile, Trump's relationship with the nation's other center of big business has been tense, sometimes even hostile. Separated by culture, politics and a long, cross-country flight, Silicon Valley and the new administration have been experiencing compatibility issues. The contrast suggests how the president's connections in business and his experience in real estate could influence his economic policies. "The tech industry and the Trump administration are talking past each other as opposed to talking to each other," said Venky Ganesan, managing director of Menlo Ventures. Trump's first three weeks in office have made the difference clear. He sought to impose a ban on all immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries, an action that prompted outrage from Silicon Valley, where many firms rely on foreign engineers. [How Microsoft avoided billions in taxes, and what the GOP says it will do about it] A few days later, Trump ordered a review of restrictions imposed on the financial sector after the crisis and delayed a rule intended to require retail financial advisers to act in their clients' best interests. Analysts said the actions signaled the White House would be friendly to Wall Street. The financial sector is well represented among Trump's cabinet and his advisers. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, White House senior strategist Stephen K. Bannon and Treasury secretary nominee Steven T. Mnuchin have all worked at Goldman Sachs. So did Anthony Scaramucci, a hedge-fund manager who advised Trump during the campaign. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao spent time at Citi and Bank of America. The technology sector does have at least one well-placed spokesman among Trump's confidantes in billionaire Peter Thiel. "Peter is, I think, influential with Trump," said economist Stephen Moore, who advised the president during the campaign. "He’s, sort of, the point man when it comes to the concerns and needs and so on of these Silicon Valley companies." Trump also formed an advisory council of corporate leaders after his election, which includes a couple of delegates from Silicon Valley: Tesla's Elon Musk and IBM President Ginni Rometty. Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick quit the group last week in response to Trump's immigration order. Financiers, however, outnumber them on the panel. The group is chaired by Stephen Schwarzman, a founder of the private equity firm Blackstone. [Trump may be ditching conservatives on one of the issues they care about most] Other members include Jamie Dimon, the head of J.P. Morgan Chase, and Laurence D. Fink, chairman of the mammoth money manager BlackRock. Patomak Global Partners chief executive Paul Atkins is also on the council -- his firm provides consulting services to the financial sector. To some degree, the discrepancy is attributable to politics. Anecdotally, there are more Republicans working in Manhattan than in the Bay Area, and Democrats in the technology industry made no effort to conceal their distaste for Trump during the campaign. "Most of the CEOs are pretty hard-core Democrats," Moore said. "You have to search far and wide to find people in Silicon Valley who believe in the things that Trump talked about." Said Ganesan: "The tech industry, during the presidential campaign, was far more vociferous in its opposition and disdain for the Trump candidacy than I think other industries were." Yet Ganesan, the venture capitalist, argued that the technology sector should find ways of working with Trump. "Ultimately, both the tech economy and the Trump administration need each other," Ganesan said. "America’s leadership in the world is driven by technology." Michael Beckerman, the president of the Internet Association -- a lobbying group that represents large technology companies -- agreed, predicting that entrepreneurs in technology would eventually find common ground with Trump's administration on areas such as regulation and trade. U.S. digital exports "can create a competitive amount of economic value and competitiveness in the United States, and that’s the exact kind of thing that he’s been talking about throughout the campaign," Beckerman said. "Who seems to be getting the love in the first few weeks is not necessarily an indication of the long game of the next four years." Former commerce secretary William M. Daley, whom President Barack Obama brought on as chief of staff in part to help the him improve his relationships with corporate America, said that Trump's personal relationships probably accounted for some of his apparent preference for bankers. [Trump said they were ‘getting away with murder.’ Now they might be getting a tax break.] "If you take his whole career back to his father, it’s a pretty closed sort of world," Daley said. "He probably knows every banker, because he’s probably tried to borrow from every one of them." While both New York and San Jose are redoubts of the economic elite, the "whole mindset" of doing business is very different between the two cities, Daley said. He said that Trump probably feels more comfortable in the staid, managerial world of finance, real estate and blue-chip corporations, in contrast to the more unpredictable and entrepreneurial world of computing. Financiers "want to live in a world that’s not as chaotic as the Silicon Valley crowd likes to live in," said Daley, a former J.P. Morgan banker who is now a managing partner at the Swiss hedge fund Argentière Capital. "In the Silicon Valley world, they’re all over the place. Every day is a new game plan." Daley pointed out that besides Trump's hotel in Las Vegas, his golf resort in Los Angeles and his recently completed Vancouver building, most of his properties are on the East Coast or overseas, limiting his exposure to the technology sector's culture and clout. "It's partly because Trump is a creature of New York," Moore said. "He's dealt with Wall Street his whole life." business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Max Ehrenfreund writes for Wonkblog and compiles Wonkbook, a daily policy newsletter. You can subscribe here. Before joining The Washington Post, Ehrenfreund wrote for the Washington Monthly and The Sacramento Bee. Follow @MaxEhrenfreund TOP STORIES Labor nominee Puzder’s withdrawal magnifies turmoil in White House With concerns growing among Republican members of the Senate, the demise of restaurant executive Andrew Puzder’s nomination for labor secretary worsened the already deteriorating relationship between the White House and lawmakers on Capitol Hill. By Ed O'Keefe and Jonnelle Marte 8 hours ago Trump’s HUD secretary nominee buys $1.2 million Virginia mansion Flynn saga shifts balance of power between president, Congress In the wake of Michael Flynn’s resignation as national security adviser, Republican senators are vowing more aggressive oversight of the new administration, and Democrats are seizing an opportunity to ask pointed questions about President Trump’s ties to Russia. By Sean Sullivan and Karoun Demirjian 8 hours ago @pkcapitol: Senate turf war breaks out White House is on verge of raging fire over Russia allegations Trump’s friends, donors jockey for ambassador jobs Most of the top ambassadorships traditionally have gone to close friends and top campaign donors in a secret process with no public comments before a nomination. But Trump loyalists seem to be more forthcoming about their desire to represent him overseas. By Roxanne Roberts 17 hours ago Jared Kushner’s family says it won’t buy Marlins if Jeffrey Loria becomes ambassador to France Kim Jong Nam, seen in this photo from Feb. 11, 2007, was the half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. (Kyodo/Reuters) Airport assassination of half brother focuses new attention on North Korean leader Interviews, other official statements and leaks to the media paint a picture of an attack in which two women grabbed a man and held a cloth over his face for 10 seconds in an airport while no one noticed. A “standing order” to assassinate Kim Jong Nam had been issued years ago by his half brother, North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, according to South Korea’s spy chief. By Anna Fifield 6 hours ago Third suspect arrested Who was Kim Jong Nam? Where Obama lectured, Trump just declares For eight years, a presidential news conference was a forum for the long-winded Professor Obama. With a new administration, brevity is in. By David Nakamura Debrief 9 hours ago Trump’s claim that there’s a ‘tremendous amount of increase’ in autism cases earns 3 Pinocchios Trump characterized autism as an increasingly common disorder, but there’s not enough research and no medical consensus to determine that. By Michelle Ye Hee Lee Fact Checker 1 hour ago Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 30 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Scientists have just detected a major change to the Earth’s oceans linked to a warming climate 2 A first look at how German grocer Lidl plans to conquer the U.S. market 3 Boeing workers in South Carolina vote against union 4 The Endangered Species Act may be heading for the threatened list. This hearing confirmed it. 5 Why one food executive is pledging $25 million to fight his own industry Market Watch DJIA 0.52% NASDAQ 0.64% Get quote Last Update: 02/16/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai U.S. bank trade group picks online lending partner By Anna Irrera ReutersFebruary 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Anna Irrera NEW YORK (Reuters) - The American Bankers Association, a trade group for U.S. banks, has endorsed Chicago-based startup Akouba as a technology provider to enable its members offer small business lending online. Reuters had reported in January that the ABA was running a formal bidding process to secure an online lending partner, as a growing number of banks launch digital lending services or partner with startups in the sector. Akouba, which provides a loan origination and underwriting platform that integrates with a bank's own credit policies, was chosen because of a number of factors, including its ability to assess and manage risk, the ABA said on Monday. It is part of a growing cohort of young tech-savvy companies that automate much of the lending process, making it faster and cheaper than traditional brick-and-mortar operations. While the online lending sector was initially largely left to the new entrants, such LendingClub Corp, Prosper Marketplace and On Deck Capital, big banks have started fighting back. For instance, Banco Santander partnered with Kabbage last year to offer small business loans, while JPMorgan Chase & Co sealed a partnership with marketplace lender On Deck Capital Inc in 2015. Goldman Sachs Group Inc launched its own online consumer lending service this year. Smaller banks have instead relied on ABA, which represents institutions with less than $250 million, to source vendors for technology and other services. Member banks typically receive discounted pricing from partner vendors. "The small business loan application process is very time-sensitive and costly for banks, and there is a need to simplify and accelerate the process," Bryan Luke, chairman of ABA's Endorsed Solutions Banker Advisory Council, said in a statement. Partnerships allow fintech startups to tap into a larger network of customers, while allowing banks to improve digital offerings quickly without having to bear costs of developing new services. (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Sandra Maler) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Trump now owns Obamacare 7539 messages3%65%32% How to keep more of your 1099-MISC money TurboTax Self-EmployedSponsored Justin Bieber might have thrown shade at The Weeknd Mom Says This Photo Shows the Ghost of Her Son Watching Over His Twin 1174 messages3%78%19% Police brutality protests in Paris suburbs 44 messages2%69%29% 5 New Trucks Wheel SceneSponsored Inside one of world's largest mermaid convention's fin-tastic weekend ‘Deadliest Catch’ Family Joins in Mourning the Loss of Bering Sea Brothers Aboard the F/V Destination 507 messages8%63%29% Melania Trump Is ‘Miserable’ as First Lady, ‘Unhappy With How Her Life Ended Up’ 3579 messages4%57%39% People In Heavy CC Debt Are In For Big Surprise Freedom Debt ReliefSponsored Scarlett Johansson Talks About the Challenges of Monogamy After Splitting With Romain Dauriac 3974 messages6%71%23% Photos of the day - February 15, 2017 24 messages4%92%4% Questions surround Trump associates' reported communications with Russia 1 messages The Last Diet You'll Ever Need The Mayo Clinic DietSponsored A crush of crises all but buries the young Trump White House 6484 messages4%57%39% Karlie Kloss Apologizes for ‘Racist’ Geisha-Themed Vogue Shoot 5479 messages4%56%40% Trump now owns Obamacare STEVE: 35 days and Trump owns Obamas mess that Obama created in 8 years? You have to pass the bill to read the bill? Really? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.5k Yahoo-ABC News Network Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Latest News Dow 20,612 +107.45 +0.52% Nasdaq 5,819 +36.87 +0.64% S&P 500 2,349 +11.67 +0.50% 4:37 A.M. ET Snapchat parent sets IPO valuation at up to $22.2 billion 4:36 A.M. ET Cobham warns on 2016 profit; sees tough 2017 4:27 A.M. ET Miners, oil giants pull FTSE 100 back from 1-month high 4:03 A.M. ET Airbus faces court battle with Austrian ministry 3:57 A.M. ET Updated This may be the one currency call Trump’s administration got right 3:54 A.M. ET Nestlé sales miss target; plans cost cuts 3:37 A.M. ET Death of Kim Jong Nam: Second woman arrested over airport attack 3:25 A.M. ET Opinion Multinationals learn the limits of being big 3:24 A.M. ET Cobham sinks 22% after writedown, guidance cut 3:22 A.M. ET Updated The Nasdaq is partying like it’s 1999, by this metric 3:21 A.M. ET Updated How one key Trump trade has regained its fizz — in one chart 3:11 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler climbs 1.4% after car sales jump 15% in Europe 3:10 A.M. ET Nestle slips 1.4% at the open after sales slow 3:08 A.M. ET Updated What’s behind Russia’s jauntier mood? Way more than Trump, says this bank CEO 3:07 A.M. ET Updated The reflation trade is back on 3:06 A.M. ET Updated The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 3:05 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens flat at 4,925.30 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Yellen may have offered the clearest explanation for the stock market’s record run 3:05 A.M. ET Updated ‘Mellow’ Charlie Munger says Trump ‘not wrong on everything’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens flat around 11,794.25 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Time Warner shareholders approve $85.4 billion AT&T merger Home Press Release Amunix Appoints Fred Hausheer, MD, FACP, as Chief Medical Officer By Published: Feb 13, 2017 7:00 a.m. ET Share Feb 13, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA--(Marketwired - February 13, 2017) - Amunix Operating Inc., a privately held biotechnology company and developer of a broad portfolio of biopharmaceuticals based on its novel XTEN® polymer half-life extension technology, XTEN drug-conjugate delivery technology and bispecific T-cell engager (ProTIA) pro-drug cancer therapeutics platforms, announced that it has appointed Frederick Hausheer, MD, FACP, as its Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Hausheer brings more than 25 years' experience in global oncology drug development, translational medicine, and drug discovery in commercial and academic settings to Amunix. Volker Schellenberger, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "We are extremely pleased to have Fred join the Amunix management team. He brings exceptionally broad product development leadership and clinical expertise to the organization. His deep clinical experience in the oncology field will be especially valuable in the support of our ProTIA oncology platform. I look forward to working with Fred to accelerate the advancement of our clinical pipeline." Dr. Hausheer said, "It is a great privilege to be joining Amunix. I am exceedingly impressed with the technology, the Amunix team and the progress that has been made with the company's ProTIA T-cell engager cancer targeting platform which has broad potential to serve as a novel important therapeutic option over current cancer treatment regimens. I am excited about the prospects for advancing the pipeline of ProTIA platform products into patients and beyond. I believe that Amunix' innovative technologies will be an important advance for immuno-oncology drugs to improve patient outcomes." Over the course of his career, Dr. Hausheer has helped secure over $750 million in financial transactions involving capital raising, joint ventures, strategic alliances and licensing of compounds for partnership opportunities. He is experienced in trial design and execution, and involved in numerous regulatory interactions for drugs spanning from pre-IND and Phase I-III development in the United States, Europe, Asia/PAC and other territories. As founder, Chairman, CEO and President of BioNumerik from 1992-2015, he led the discovery and development of two novel oncologic therapeutics from laboratory through global Phase III development. In addition, he co-founded and served as Chairman of KI Pharma from 2005-2013, a joint venture between BioNumerik Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and ASKA Pharmaceutical Co., with a focus on development and commercialization of oncology products in Japan. Prior to joining industry, Dr. Hausheer was an Associate Professor of Medical Oncology and Associate Director Drug Development and Chief, Molecular Design at the University Texas Health Science Center and Cancer Therapy and Research Center and performed oncology drug research as a Senior Scientist at the National Cancer Institute. Dr. Hausheer completed his graduate training in Physiology and Biophysics at the University of Illinois-Champagne. He obtained his MD and completed his Internal Medicine residency at the University of Missouri School of Medicine, followed by completion of Medical Oncology fellowship training and joining the faculty at Johns Hopkins, where he focused on development of novel experimental therapeutics and pharmacology. He currently holds adjunct professorships at the University of Missouri in Internal Medicine and Oncology and The Johns Hopkins Oncology Center in Medical Oncology. He is board certified in Internal Medicine and Medical Oncology. Dr. Hausheer has published over 200 articles, abstracts and book chapters, and is an inventor or co-inventor on more than 400 issued/allowed United States and international patents. He has served as a board member to JP Morgan Chase, the Whittaker Institute for BioMedical Engineering at Johns Hopkins, the National Cancer Institute's (NCI) Experimental Therapeutics Study Section I, and the NCI Institutional Review Board. About Amunix: Amunix, based in Mountain View, CA, is a privately held biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of biologics with improved in vivo half-lives. Amunix' half-life extension technology is based on XTEN -- hydrophilic, unstructured, biodegradable proteins that impart a number of favorable properties upon the molecules to which they are attached. XTEN can be recombinantly fused or chemically conjugated to peptides, proteins, and other pharmaceuticals. In addition to the advantages of reduced dosing frequency, XTENylation also stabilizes plasma drug concentrations, which often results in increased efficacy as well as reduced side effects. Two genetically fused XTENylated products have been tested clinically. VRS-859 (exenatide-XTEN) has been tested through Phase I in the treatment of diabetes and VRS-317 (human growth hormone-XTEN) is currently in Phase III testing. Amunix is also working with additional partners, including Eli Lilly, Bioverativ, Roche, Janssen, Naia and other undisclosed companies in a wide range of therapeutic areas. Amunix is developing an internal pipeline of ProTIA (Protease Triggered Immune Activator) immuno-oncology therapeutics. ProTIAs are bispecific molecules that bind tumor antigens and T cells. ProTIAs are administered as long-acting prodrugs that can be activated in the tumor environment by tumor-associated proteases. Amunix is actively seeking partnerships for applications of its XTEN technology and its ProTIA platform. For additional information about the company, please visit www.amunix.com. Contact: Volker Schellenberger, Ph.D. President and CEO Tel: 650-889-5095 vschellenberger@amunix.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular The stock market is doing so much winning, Wall Street is thinking Nasdaq 6,000 The reflation trade is back on Intelligence officials withhold sensitive information from Trump: report The tipping point for renewable energy is nearly here NetApp finally catches up, but may already be behind MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Warehouses are the new mansions View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Sponsored Content Realtor.com: The 5 biggest mistakes veteran and military home buyers make View More Financial News Executive stress on the rise for finance workers View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EMCORE Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EMCORE Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Imperva Inc (IMPV) to Sell Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Lake Street Capital Boosts EMCORE Corporation (EMKR) Price Target to $12.00 February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet EMCORE Corporation (NASDAQ:EMKR) had its target price increased by Lake Street Capital from $9.00 to $12.00 in a research note published on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Dougherty & Co lifted their price objective on EMCORE Corporation from $10.50 to $12.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of EMCORE Corporation from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. B. Riley reiterated a buy rating and issued a $10.00 target price on shares of EMCORE Corporation in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of EMCORE Corporation from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. EMCORE Corporation has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $11.31. EMCORE Corporation (NASDAQ:EMKR) opened at 9.20 on Wednesday. EMCORE Corporation has a 52 week low of $4.90 and a 52 week high of $9.95. The company has a market cap of $244.57 million, a PE ratio of 26.98 and a beta of 0.73. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $8.96 and a 200 day moving average of $6.74. EMCORE Corporation (NASDAQ:EMKR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.13 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.01. The firm earned $30.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $29.03 million. EMCORE Corporation had a return on equity of 3.84% and a net margin of 9.06%. EMCORE Corporation’s revenue was up 34.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that EMCORE Corporation will post $0.50 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/lake-street-capital-boosts-emcore-corporation-emkr-price-target-to-12-00.html. In other news, CEO Jeffrey Rittichier sold 38,220 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.15, for a total transaction of $311,493.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 196,157 shares in the company, valued at $1,598,679.55. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.77% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation by 31.3% in the second quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 54,805 shares of the company’s stock worth $326,000 after buying an additional 13,049 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation by 6.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 392,534 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,237,000 after buying an additional 24,718 shares during the last quarter. Teza Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation during the fourth quarter worth $358,000. Oxford Asset Management acquired a new stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation during the fourth quarter worth $494,000. Finally, P.A.W. Capital Corp acquired a new stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation during the third quarter worth $342,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 66.52% of the company’s stock. EMCORE Corporation Company Profile EMCORE Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing indium phosphide (InP) optical chips, components, subsystems and systems for the broadband and specialty fiber optics market. The Company focuses on linear fiber optic transmission technology. The Company operates through Fiber Optics segment. Receive News & Ratings for EMCORE Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EMCORE Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Goodbye, Family Fortune Will your kids be prepared for great wealth? What you can do now. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Michelle Slatalla Biography September 19, 2011 The Top Wealth Management Firms After his mother died, John Mecom Jr. was supposed to make sure her money was preserved for his four children. Instead, the son of a Texas oil tycoon looted a multi-million dollar trust he was supposed to oversee, a lawsuit alleges. It claims he failed to account for $536,691 he owed the fund, racked up "general office and administrative expenses" of more than $80,000 in one year and sold off nearly a million dollars' worth of his mother's art, antiques and jewelry. Mecom Jr., who declined through his attorneys to comment for this story, said he was entitled under terms of his mother's will to do anything he wanted with her personal possessions, according to court documents. But a lawyer who is suing him on behalf of his daughter sees the situation differently. "We think it was theft and that he was just a spoiled brat that was raised by a rich family that probably spent more time making money than they spent taking care of the kids," said James R. Lovell of Lovell & Lyle in Dumas, Texas. More parents are wresting trust funds away from wastrel heirs. Thomas Reis These are the times that try rich men's souls. Even under normal circumstances, the average patriarch lives in fear that "a spoiled brat" who gets his hands on a family fortune will squander the inheritance. But these aren't normal circumstances. First there was the financial crisis of 2008 and the subsequent recession. Now there's the European debt debacle, which threatens to cascade through global banks and the world economy. The U.S. already is facing the real possibility of a new recession; economists put the odds at about 1 in 3. In other words, preserving a fortune is getting harder than ever. The hysteria among the super-rich is palpable. They're worried their kids and grandchildren will fritter away the money it took forebears lifetimes to earn. They're asking: How do you prevent a child from growing up to be ne'er-do-well? Should you leave a spendthrift heir nothing? Or money with lots of strings attached? And what if a family squabble escalates into an expensive lawsuit? "Families are saying, 'Oh my God, that last collapse was awful, and now we know there will be another big one, and when it comes it will be as scary as hell,' " says Maria Elena Lagomasino, chief executive of GenSpring Family Offices, which manages the money of some of America's wealthiest families. "And, 'What if I'm not around to manage the next one? How do I make sure the next generation really has the preparation to get through the crisis?' " With at least $41 trillion in private wealth expected to be transferred from one generation to the next in the first half of this century, the stakes are high. As a result, rich families are sending kids to financial boot camps or giving them crash courses in money management at home. They're also crafting sophisticated "beneficiary rescues" to wrest trust funds away from wastrel heirs and hiring psychologists to help them broach the topic of money with kids. ("It's harder than talking to them about sex," one father confides.) "Kids need education," said Sara Hamilton, chief executive of the Family Office Exchange, which advises ultra-wealthy families. Hamilton also teaches financial skills to 35 or 40 heirs at a time who enroll in a four-day private wealth management course that the University of Chicago offers twice a year (tuition: $8,950). The course covers the basics -- of investing, tax law, estate planning and philanthropy -- at the behest of parents who, Hamilton says, are "concerned about whether the wealth will disincentivize their kids from leading productive lives. That's the No. 1 concern that drives the education piece." The good news is that despite all the hand-wringing, there's little evidence yet that family fortunes are taking big hits. Last year, the richest people in the world -- the segment of the population with $30 million or more -- saw their wealth increase by 11.5%, according to the latest annual World Wealth Report from Capgemini and Merrill Lynch. Nevertheless, recent history is rife with, well, heir-raising horror stories. In Canada, there's the seemingly endless saga of the drug-abusing daughter of deceased media mogul Pierre Peladeau. Anne-Marie Peladeau sued her brothers -- after they cut off her $10,800 monthly allowance -- before heading off to a stint in a rehab center named for her family. In California, Korbel Champagne baron Gary Heck and his daughter, Richie Ann Samii -- whom he sued for defaming him on the Internet -- fought in court for three years over more than $9 million in trust-fund income following her arrest for sexually assaulting two employees. (The father and daughter eventually settled, for an undisclosed sum estimated to be in the millions of dollars.) The Stages of Wealth Start educating your child early, and keep at it well into adulthood. AGE 8: Each week put a small allowance -- $1 to $5 in dollar bills -- into an envelope and hand it to your child. Explain that it's up to him to decide whether to buy candy or save up for, say, a skateboard. (Don't undercut the lesson by buying the skateboard yourself.) AGE 10-12: Invite your child to start attending regular family meetings. Discussion items: How lucky we are to be financially comfortable and what we as a family think is the purpose of our money. Should we take fancy vacations or give to charities? Make it clear your kid's opinion matters. AGE 12-14: Make sure your kid knows how to manage a checkbook. And at the family meetings, start making it clear where the family money came from–somebody's hard work! Start setting future expectations: Tell your child, "You're going to have to make your own fortune," or "Someday this will all be yours to preserve." AGE 14-16: Don't be afraid to invite your banker or financial advisor to attend family meetings. It can be easier to have a neutral third party broach delicate topics such as a prenup and how much money you plan to leave your kids. AGE 15-20: If the message isn't getting through, initiate steps for a "beneficiary rescue." Shift assets from normal investment accounts and minors' trusts into entities that you firmly control, such as family limited partnerships. AGE 20-25: Make it clear you'd welcome your kid into the family business -- as soon as he's ready. College is a first step, and training at someone else's company can offer perspective. Remind your child that you love him and have total confidence in his ability to make his own way into the world. He'll thank you for it when he's 40. AND BACK IN TEXAS, John Mecom Jr.'s daughter Katsy Cluck filed suit against him in 2008, in a messy and expensive case that names her three siblings as involuntary plaintiffs and involves five separate teams of lawyers, each trying to determine how much money matriarch Mary Elizabeth Mecom had at the time of her death in 1996. In 1983, when Mrs. Mecom set up the trust, the multi-million dollar fund's assets included cash and bonds, more than 140,000 shares of stock in 16 different companies and the household possessions of her French château-style home. As trustee, her son John Jr. was instructed under terms of the trust to distribute what was left of the assets to his four grown children upon her death. But John Mecom Jr., a former owner of the New Orleans Saints football team, never gave the children a penny from the trust, according to the lawsuit. It pits against each other two generations of a family whose wealth was once estimated at more than $200 million. "Dear Daddy," reads a plaintive letter Mecom Jr.'s four children sent him, asking what happened to the money. "We are all adults now with our own financial responsibilities and it is very difficult to plan for the future when we have these unresolved issues hanging over our heads." The Mecom case, which has wended a slow, Dickensian route through the court system, is headed to trial after a state Court of Appeals ruling earlier this year determined that John Mecom Jr. demonstrated an "inability thus far to fully explain his activities as trustee, including his personal transactions." As a longtime family friend observed, "It really is tragic, when all of them have money, that they end up not speaking to each other and spend a lot of money and cause themselves grief over an amount that's not that significant to them." No titan of industry wants to work hard all his life only to raise a child who turns out like Huntington Hartford, the boy who inherited the vast A&P grocery fortune and whose teachers called him the "million-dollar milk-fed baby." By the time he died at age 97 in 2008, Hartford had lost well over $100 million to gold-digging wives, ill-advised financial investments and the occasional megalomaniacal urge, including one that prompted him in the 1960s to build an ugly, eponymously named art museum at the southern edge of Manhattan's Columbus Circle. At the top of the building was a restaurant called the Gauguin Room. Its menu was Polynesian. It didn't last long. Most real-life horror stories, however, have nothing to do with family intrigue, drug-addicted heiresses or Internet feuds but instead are the result of children who simply don't understand the basics of money. JPMorgan Private Bank, in a poll of heirs at a recent education session, found that 75% of them felt either completely unprepared or only somewhat prepared to take on the management of their wealth. Very often, the culprits are the parents. "I know this one father who is frustrated because he has two daughters who don't work, yet he has never worked in front of them or told them to get jobs, and every year he buys them Fendi purses for Christmas," says a wealth manager at one firm. "You look at him and think, 'Well, you spend $1.2 million a year and you're not sure on what, except for about $150,000 of it going to a mortgage in Italy, so you aren't exactly the best role model.' " Family dynamics can create problems. "Some families are really wacky," said a wealth consultant. "I know a client who gave his daughter a budget for her wedding, and after she went over by $387.25, he sent her a bill for that amount. But she has brothers who are $100,000 in credit-card debt, and the father doesn't do a thing. It makes you scratch your head." INCREASINGLY, BANKERS and other advisors are offering to talk to the kids on behalf of their parents. "Starting when our kids were teenagers, at least 10 years ago, we asked our family wealth advisors to talk to them, because there are things that you are better off hearing from a neutral third party, like why you are going to have to agree to a prenup when you marry," said one GenSpring client whose daughter is now married (with a prenup in place). Psychologist Amy Zehnder, who was hired by U.S. Bank this year as part of a new Ascent Private Capital Management team aimed at clients with more than $25 million to invest, said families need to sit down together and talk -- about their values, where the money came from originally and how they believe it should be used in the future. "If the money is just to feed them, to allow them to spend, that's completely different from if there's a greater purpose," Dr. Zehnder said. "Once the generations decide that together, they can make a family plan." Without a plan, the money can vanish. "Shirtsleeves to shirtsleeves in three generations," is the old saying that describes the typical trajectory of a family fortune. Every culture has a variant: "Clogs to clogs in three generations," the Dutch say. "Rice paddies to rice paddies" is the Chinese version. The meaning is the same, though: An entrepreneurial first generation makes a fortune before selling a business and leaving a big pot of money to a second generation to try to preserve or invest before passing what's left to a third generation of far-flung cousins. By then, there's less for each because the family tree has a lot of new leaves hanging off its branches. "This is the human condition. The money is spent, and it's back to the rice paddies," said James E. Hughes Jr., author of the book Family Wealth -- Keeping It In the Family. "The forces of the universe suggest that when something goes into stasis, it will disappear." The math is daunting: If a family spends 4% of its assets each year, which is about the norm, it has to earn a 12% percent return on investments to stay above water after taxes, inflation and money-management fees. Some families manage to beat the odds, though. The fortune of the Laird Norton family, one of America's wealthiest, is seven generations old, and dates from 1855 when two brothers (Matthew and James Norton) and a cousin (William Laird) invested their collective savings of $1,042.80 to start a Minnesota lumber company. Ever since, descendants of the two lines have considered themselves heirs to one fortune. A privately published, 318-page hardcover family history titled Branching Out begins by quoting Verse 6 from the King James version of Psalm 16: "The lines have fallen for me in pleasant places; yea, I have a goodly heritage." Enjoying the goodly heritage are about 420 living members. In 2006, the Laird Nortons sold the family's Lanoga Corp. lumber-supplies company, with an annual revenue of $3 billion. At first, though, the sale wasn't universally supported. "Family harmony was fractured. There was some concern that we may be creating estate plan issues for some people," said Laird Koldyke, chairman of the family's board of directors. "We kind of blew the communication on that, and issues started to percolate, and there were questions of does the board know what they're doing." As a result, the family made a conscious effort to step up internal communications and educational programs and give members more of a say and an emotional stake in the family as an entity. The 420 Laird Nortons are invited to convene annually at a family meeting at a midsize resort somewhere in the U.S. (the location changes) to discuss two kinds of business: financial and family. At the gatherings, children younger than 13 attend the family's privately run Camp Three Tree -- named after the three 19th-century branches that founded the family. "We start brainwashing them early," Koldyke jibes. "We want them to have fun, have camaraderie with their cousins, play games together and, as they get older, to get some sense of exactly where the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are coming from." When they turn 14, children graduate to a Next Generation financial academy that teaches basic business skills. They are formally introduced to the family and expected to start attending its business meetings. At age 21, they can join the Next Generation Leadership Council and attend three-day sessions to learn the ins and outs of the family's business and philanthropic pursuits. "What this means is that in the next 10 to 20 years, the family is going to have even more interested, qualified, capable leaders," Koldyke said. "We're pretty excited about the caliber of the next generation." BUT IN SOME FAMILIES, education may not be enough to prevent profligate heirs from spending every penny. "People take drugs. They do foolish things. You can dissipate a fortune by being a crappy investor pretty quickly," said Robert Casey, a spokesman for the Family Wealth Alliance consulting firm. There are special ways many wealthy families use to transfer assets from one generation to the next if they think heirs may turn out reckless or imprudent. Typically, when children are young, parents set up for them uniform gift to minor accounts (UGMAs), to minimize taxes and bank fees. Before children reach age 21 -- when they legally get control of UGMA funds -- the accounts get rolled into trusts with trigger dates designed to delay payouts. But most trusts are irrevocable, and have mandatory payout provisions. On trigger dates -- such as when a beneficiary reaches a specified age of 25, say, or 30 or 35 -- predetermined portions of the assets get distributed. "If a child is entitled to the money at age 21 and he demands it at that point, it's too late to keep it away," said Thomas Handler, a partner at Chicago-based Handler Thayer, which specializes in financial planning for affluent families. To prevent that, families who anticipate a problem can put a "beneficiary rescue" plan in place before a trigger date occurs by setting up family limited partnerships (FLPs) or family limited liability companies (FLLCs), which essentially are like big buckets into which assets can be poured. Trust assets can be transferred to those entities, which are then held in trust. "From a control standpoint, you can have assets in these entities that are totally owned by children, grandchildren, even great grandchildren -- and yet Generation One could still be the ones making the investment and distribution decisions," Handler said. The goal? "Minimizing the chance that something will go awry with the money and maximizing the chance the grandchildren won't destroy themselves," Handler said. The safeguards can protect against meltdowns in dysfunctional families. "Once I had a client, a sister, suing the brother and the mother's estate, who came into my office dressed in a St. John knit suit and an Hermès scarf, and came across as very polished," Handler said. "It was a very affluent family, she grew up with lots of servants and all the trappings of wealth, but it turned out she had a lot of emotional baggage." The woman was suing over ownership of a condo in Florida and some art and antiques, "maybe one and a half or two million dollars in assets, which to this family would be like you and me fighting over quarters," Handler said. "But the case dragged on. It was clear she didn't want to settle, because it wasn't about the money. It was about 'Mom did this for you and not for me, and now I'm going to fight for my rights.' " After two years, when a settlement agreement was finally reached -- "$600,000 or $700,000, which frankly she wasn't entitled to," Handler said -- the client simply failed to show up in court. "The judge is waiting, so I call her aunt and learn my client was staying at the Palmer House," he said. Handler went to the hotel to fetch her. In the lobby, he used a house phone to call her, but she wouldn't tell him her room number. "She keeps hanging up on me. I call her aunt again, get the number, go up to the penthouse in the tower, and it takes me about half an hour to get her to leave," he said. In the elevator on the way down, after Handler reminded her that the judge was waiting, "she stares at me and hits every button to make it go slower," he said. At the courthouse, she ran ahead into the courtroom to tell the judge she was not "psychologically able to do this settlement," Handler said. "So we have to get her therapist on the line to say there's no reason she can't, and finally she signs the settlement." That night, after dinner, Handler got a call from the client's aunt. "She says, 'You have to go get her, she's in the courthouse refusing to leave.' They were at the point in the evening where the janitor had had enough."  E-mail: editors@barrons.com Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Barron's Cover 1. Best Fund Families of 2016 2. Chipotle: Can It Be Fixed? 3. Next Stop, Dow 30,000 4. 2017 Roundtable, Part 2: Manual for a Mixed-Up Market 5. Stocks Could Post Limited Gains in 2017 as Yields Rise Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Could Groupon Challenge Amazon Again? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Rising Rates Be Damned: Real Estate Looks Good Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Is Apple Ditching Fingerprints for Facial Recognition? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Energy Stocks Are on Sale And on Verge of Breakouts Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. How Market Insiders Buy Stock at Discounts Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 The Most Powerful Tool for Building Wealth 2 Ford, GM, Ramp Up Pressure on Tesla 3 Invest in Hedge Funds at a Discount Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Goldman Likes Emerging Debt, So Long as There’s No Link to Trump by Lilian Karunungan @LK_bloomberg More stories by Lilian Karunungan February 13, 2017, 2:35 AM EST CEEMEA bonds favored amid tighter Asia, Latin American spreads Shift from high yield bias to investment grade on dollar gains Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is bullish on emerging-market government bonds, with a key caveat -- avoid countries likely to be in the firing line of President Donald Trump. The yield premium demanded by investors on developing-nation notes over U.S. Treasuries is likely to narrow amid an improvement in global growth prospects and risk sentiment, Goldman analysts Andrew Matheny and Sara Grut said in a note Monday. But the Wall Street firm, which counts several alumni among Trump’s administration , favors investment-grade bonds from central and eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The region “is relatively more insulated from foreign policy risks related to the new U.S. administration,” the analysts wrote. Bonds from that region have also seen less spread tightening than those in Asia and Latin America, they said. Trump’s vow to re-make trade policy to the advantage of the U.S. has seen a bulls eye slapped on some emerging markets. The president’s pledge to re-negotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement has knocked Mexican assets, with analysts advising traders to steer clear of the peso until the administration’s intentions are clearer. In Asia, a handful of countries run trade surpluses with the U.S., and investors are waiting for more commentary on China, which he accuses of keeping the yuan weak to benefit exporters. Trump also labeled the U.S. free-trade agreement with South Korea a job killer. Narrowing Spreads The spread offered on foreign-currency debt from developing nations has dropped by 17 basis points since the Nov. 8 election to 337 basis points on Feb. 10, the smallest difference since November 2014, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Emerging Global Bond Index. Investment-grade debt from developing nations handed investors a return of 2.5 percent this year, while high-yield securities gained 3.1 percent. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Goldman is shifting its preference to investment-grade debt from high yielders because economies with lower leverage and more local-currency denominated liabilities are likely to be less impacted by strength in the dollar, Moscow-based Matheny and London-based Grut said. While dollar bonds protect investors from foreign-exchange risk, repayment amounts are boosted when local currencies retreat versus the greenback. “An environment where global yield curves are steepening is not necessarily negative for emerging-market credit if paired with an accelerating growth environment.” the Goldman analysts said. “Macro risk in emerging markets is now stabilizing and is projected to decline, driven by improving growth and cyclical dynamics.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 27 45 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Quicken, feds to square off in mortgage case Court filings show Quicken and Justice Department are at impasse, squabbling over evidence Post to Facebook Quicken, feds to square off in mortgage case Court filings show Quicken and Justice Department are at impasse, squabbling over evidence  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2kASqv0 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 6 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Quicken, feds to square off in mortgage case Jennifer Chambers, The Detroit News 12:07 a.m. ET Feb. 13, 2017 Quicken describes the federal lawsuit over its mortgage lending practices as “nonsensical” and “ludicrous.” (Photo: Quicken Loans) 27 CONNECTTWEET 45 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE Attorneys for the Justice Department and Quicken Loans Inc. will face off in a Detroit courtroom Monday in what could be a lengthy legal battle over whether the loan giant ignored “red flags” in dicey home loans that didn’t meet federal standards. Both sides will appear before U.S. District Judge Mark A. Goldsmith, first for a hearing on Quicken’s request to dismiss the case. Then, if necessary, both sides will go over a schedule of court dates leading to an April 11, 2019, trial date in the contentious case. The Justice Department sued Quicken in April 2015, alleging the company knowingly submitted claims for hundreds of improperly underwritten Federal Housing Administration-insured loans. The loans involved inflated appraisals, poor credit risks and borrowers with insufficient incomes, the suit claimed. The government alleges Quicken had a culture of bending the rules and gave “speed bonuses” to underwriters. The mortgage company failed to disclose the problems with the loans that cost the federal government millions of dollars when they went bad, federal lawyers contend. Dan Gilbert, Quicken chairman and founder, has said the company won’t settle. Quicken describes the suit as “nonsensical” and “ludicrous” and said its FHA-backed loans are the “highest quality” in the nation. “The baseless and groundless government lawsuit has no merit. There is nothing in the DOJ’s trumped-up, distorted claims worthy of prompting or causing Quicken Loans to change any of our underwriting practices,” Quicken wrote in a statement to The Detroit News. Quicken said its FHA-backed loans perform three times better than others, defaulting at a rate of less than 1 percent. It contends the lawsuit is the result of a strategy by the Justice Department to sue banks following the mortgage collapse, which resulted in $6 billion in settlements. In a statement, Quicken contends the government “made a conscious, intentional decision to file claims against the largest FHA lenders because they are the largest lenders.” The mortgage lender contends the government’s case is built on 55 “cherry picked” loans out of the 250,000 FHA loans Quicken closed from 2007-11. “Not only is Quicken Loans the FHA lender with the highest quality ratings (using the agency’s own measure), FHA continues to work so closely with Quicken Loans that the company is FHA’s largest lender partner, accounting for 6 percent of all new FHA loans nationwide,” Quicken attorney Jeffrey B. Morganroth wrote in court papers filed last week. Court documents filed by Quicken attorneys contend the company can prove it had proper underwriting practices, complied with program and contractual requirements, and did not make false claims. It denies the existence of speed bonuses. Court records show that, as of Dec. 12, both sides were unable to reach an agreement to mediate the case. Justice Department officials in Detroit declined comment. Recent court filings show both sides are fighting over discovery, the collection of evidence either through documents, deposed witnesses or other means. The government alleges that Quicken refuses to let it depose additional witnesses and won’t produce documents related to profit on FHA insured mortgages and related to mortgage bankers. “Quicken Loans has frustrated the United States’ attempt to obtain documents necessary to support its allegations,” wrote Assistant U.S. Attorney Samuel J. Buffone. “The parties appear to have reached an impasse on these issues and the United State intends to seek judicial intervention.” Quicken argues it is cooperating, producing 146,053 documents in response to 153 requests for information and allowed one of its employees to be deposed. The government, Quicken alleges, has produced 20,846 documents in response to 158 requests for information. Morganroth agrees they are at an impasse on these issues, but does not think court intervention is necessary. Settlement unlikely Amiyatosh Purnanandam, a professor of finance at the University of Michigan’s Stephen M. Ross School of Business, said the case is intriguing because Quicken won’t settle, unlike other big banks. “In broad terms, what the government is doing is similar to what it did to large banks in four to five years ago, when those banks diluted their underwriting standards,” said Purnanandam, who is not part of civil case. “This is not something that is only happening to Quicken Loans.” In recent years, the Justice Department has reached settlements with several prominent lenders over accusations of fraud in FHA lending practices. Last April, Wells Fargo agreed to pay $1.2 billion, following deals by JP Morgan Chase, SunTrust, U.S. Bank and Bank of America. Gilbert told The News in 2015 the federal government proposed a “nine-figure settlement,” suggesting it was more than $100 million. At the time, he said agreeing to a deal is an admission to “fraud” and would be “untrue.” Purnanandam said the reason Quicken decided not to engage in settlement talks “could be that Quicken has a good case and that’s why they want their day in court, or the government is coming hard and they have a good case.” Either way, he said Quicken likely would do whatever is necessary to remain eligible to issue FHA loans. In 2015, the loans represented about 12 percent of Quicken’s business. “Quicken does a whole lot of FHA loans. Their business model depends a lot on qualifying as a FHA lender,” Purnanandam said. False Claims Act key The Justice Department and the HUD Office of Inspector General began investigating Quicken — an FHA-approved lender for nearly 27 years — under the False Claims Act. The scope of the investigation encompassed about 246,000 FHA loans Quicken originated from mid-2007 through Dec. 31, 2011. The lawsuit alleges Quicken employees regularly spoke of “fudging” a borrower’s income to get approval for FHA insurance. It included emails from company officials discussing the “bastard income” of borrowers. One email described how a customer was approved for a loan after he stopped paying other bills and his credit score dropped 100 points. Quicken has contended the government built its case by “cherry picking” scant evidence among numerous loans. Last year a federal judge in Washington, D.C., moved the case to Detroit, saying the Eastern District of Michigan is the appropriate forum because the alleged unlawful activity occurred in or near Detroit. The government claims the case is not a local controversy but involves mortgages for properties across the country that adversely affect taxpayers throughout the nation. jchambers@detroitnews.com 27 CONNECTTWEET 45 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2kASqv0 TOP VIDEOS Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19 2018 Honda Odyssey introduced 0:54 Nissan introduces Vmotion 2.0 concept, Rogue Sport SUV 1:25
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Steve Cuozzo Opinion Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy How Trump can save NYC’s real estate market By Steve Cuozzo View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) February 12, 2017 | 11:25pm Modal Trigger Getty Images MORE FROM: Steve Cuozzo Spotify signs massive lease at 4 World Trade Center NYC's 'best' burgers are overpraised and overpriced Hospital for Special Surgery to join Durst's 'superblock' Chinatown slowly losing its charm — and its restaurants Turns out Starbucks isn't the priciest coffee out there New York’s commercial real-estate market, a prime mover of the city’s economy, has managed to stay aloft since the Wall Street crash despite missing a wing. Repeal of onerous Dodd-Frank regulations can restore the lift. But will it come in time? Wall Street’s largest banks have historically driven the office market. But since 2010, they’ve sat on the sidelines for several reasons. Chief among them: Dodd-Frank’s byzantine regulations meant to “reform” Wall Street that former President Barack Obama signed into law in 2010. President Trump wants to “do a number” on Dodd-Frank — at least on its harshest provisions that deter major banks from hiring and expanding. It can’t come too soon for Manhattan’s office market — which, despite its prosaic sound, is the city’s economic MVP. Like the Patriots minus Tom Brady early last season, you can do without your MVP for only so long before reality catches up — as when New England got whipped 16-0 by lowly Buffalo in game four. It might already be happening. Real-estate firm JLL reported that Manhattan leasing in 2016 dropped to its lowest level in seven years. Vacancy rose from 9.6 percent in 2015 to 10.4 percent. Controller Scott Stringer raised the alarm that office leasing fell in five of the last six quarters. What buoyed the market for a time was growth in the so-called TAMI sector — technology, advertising, media and information. But, ominously, space-taking by such companies fell 15 percent from 2015, JLL reports. Companies like Time Warner, Conde Nast and Group M have anchored new towers. But not many more are known to be searching for floors at Hudson Yards, the World Trade Center and One Vanderbilt — where most newly-minted space is available or soon will be. While financial firms still account for 30 percent of our office space, the momentum’s in the opposite direction. In 2006, they accounted for 42 percent of all new leases larger than 10,000 square feet in Manhattan, according to Cushman & Wakefield tristate-area president John Santora. But, in 2016, the figure was just 22 percent. Trump undercuts his case against Dodd-Frank when he grumbles that it cramps his friends’ ability to borrow. But his less than pitch-perfect argument shouldn’t blind anyone to what Dodd-Frank’s repeal or softening could mean to New York City. Job growth, more than any other factor, is what drives companies to expand their office space. But, “Dodd-Frank has caused a drag on all bank earnings,” says CBRE vice-chairman Robert Alexander. “The regulations have put a damper on banks using their own capital for risk. There’s no need for them to hire and expand if they can’t grow their businesses.” SEE ALSO Battle looms as Trump regime looks to gut Dodd-Frank 0:0 The Trump administration is digging in for a financial cold... Goldman Sachs, long the thousand-pound gorilla of space-eaters, has added no floors in the past few years. JP Morgan Chase and Citibank are shrinking by shedding some of their old floors and “consolidating” at other locations — the reverse of longstanding practice. Why’s there still no Two World Trade Center? In large part because the tower was designed in the mid-’00’s for large banks with giant trading floors. It left developer Larry Silverstein for several years chasing tenants that didn’t exist (it’s since been redesigned with media and creative firms in mind). Why does all this matter so much? Commercial real-estate taxes contribute the lion’s share of city real-estate taxes, which comprise 60 percent of all tax revenue. Commercial property-related taxes brought in $20.4 billion last year, according to the Real Estate Board of New York — enough to pay for all the city’s teachers, cops, firefighters and other municipal workers. Yet while the city claims 540,000 more jobs today than it did in mid-2008, Cushman’s Santora notes, there are 6,200 fewer financial jobs. The reality is even worse. Many positions for profit-driving traders were replaced by “compliance” jobs — i.e., the in-house army needed to interpret Dodd-Frank’s 1,000 pages and to ensure that a firm doesn’t violate the 22,000 pages of new regulations the act spawned. Trump can restore the juice — if he doesn’t get sidetracked by arguments over Ivanka’s clothing line. “If there’s an easing of regulations, we’ll see growth by financial institutions, especially in New York,” Santora said. “And that will be good for New York.” Filed under Commercial Real Estate ,  dodd-frank ,  donald trump Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Cuomo's risky solar-jobs bet is starting to backfire Read Next Cuomo's risky solar-jobs bet is starting to backfire Share Selection Columnists Naomi Schaefer Riley The sad socialist sage of the Park Slope Coop Benny Avni 'Whatever': Trump's not-bad Rx for Mideast peace Michael Goodwin Trump faces critical decisions amid 1st presidential crisis SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Editorials Will Cuomo wind up giving New York a bigger 'bag tax'? Offing Andy Puzder will likely only feed Democrats' blood lust The ObamaCare death-spiral blues continues Today's Cover Browse covers archive Trending Now on NYPost.com 37,930 Details emerge of Melania's misery as first lady 10,291 My life sucks since winning the lottery 9,529 Colbert beating Fallon in ratings since Trump took office More Stories pagesix New York Times critic fired over relationship with Scott Rudin Now On Decider Matt Lauer Slams Kellyanne Conway In Crazy, Must-See 'Today' Interview nypost Details emerge of Melania's misery as first lady New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe This Harvard Grad Is Heir to the World’s Largest Jewelry Empire by Prudence Ho More stories by Prudence Ho and Daniela Wei @DanielaWei0523 More stories by Daniela Wei February 12, 2017, 4:00 PM EST Adrian Cheng in focus after father takes leave of absense Scion faces challenges including industry downturn in jewelry Adrian Cheng. Photographer: Calvin Sit/Bloomberg One of Hong Kong’s four richest dynasties is preparing for a leadership transition that may test the adage that family fortunes don’t last beyond three generations. Adrian Cheng, the Harvard-educated heir apparent of New World Development Co. and Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Ltd., is in focus after his 69-year-old father, Henry, recently went on leave because of an unspecified illness. The companies declined to comment on media reports that the senior Cheng had a stroke. When the 36-year-old scion ultimately takes over from his father, he will be in charge of a conglomerate that controls one of the city’s biggest property developers, runs the Carlyle Hotel in New York City and operates a chain of jewelry stores that generates about 80 percent more revenue than Tiffany & Co. globally. Today, the family controls four listed companies with a total market value of more than $25 billion, as well as some that are closely held. Yet challenges abound for Cheng. If he were to take over now, he would be facing declining margins in the family’s main property-development business and slumping demand for high-end jewelry. He’d also face the challenges of retaining decades of connections his elders built up and rebuilding investor trust after past family missteps raised concerns about corporate governance. "He needs to prove himself," said Joseph P.H. Fan, a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong who has researched family-run businesses for two decades. "He doesn’t need to be a know-it-all in business operations because the professional teams will do it for him, but he needs to prove he’s capable of bringing everyone together." Despite his youth, the grandson of the late magnate Cheng Yu-tung has been groomed for years and already juggles more than a dozen titles, including vice chairman of New World Development and executive director at Chow Tai Fook. The Cheng clan isn’t alone in preparing for succession, which is increasingly looming large at some of the biggest businesses in Hong Kong, where the landscape is dominated by a handful of tycoons. That’s as those moguls, many of whom were Chinese refugees who fled Japanese invaders in the 1940s, approach retirement age. Henderson Land Development Co.’s billionaire chairman Lee Shau Kee turned 89 last month, an anniversary that Hong Kong’s richest man,  CK Hutchison Holdings Ltd.’s Li Ka-shing, will hit in July. As to the Cheng family’s next leader, below are some of the biggest challenges he faces: 1. Property, Jewelry Downturns Hong Kong may boast the world’s most-expensive housing market, but that’s not necessarily benefiting New World. Higher land costs are likely to squeeze developers’ profit margins, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. The brokerage estimates projects using land bought last year will probably yield margins of 22 percent when they are completed, versus returns of 32 percent on real estate bought in 2011. To cope with the tougher environment in Hong Kong, New World in recent years has been looking to increase its proportion of property in China’s first-tier cities by disposing of projects in smaller cities -- a move that Macquarie Group Ltd. analyst Raymond Liu in December applauded as likely to "unlock value." At Chow Tai Fook, profits have fallen for two and a half years to their lowest levels since 2011 as an anti-corruption drive in China sapped demand for luxury products and as tourism in Hong Kong waned. In December, retail sales in the city dropped for their 22nd straight month, dragged down by a slump in demand for jewelry, watches and valuable gifts. Though Cheng declined to comment for this story, he said in an interview last year that he would step up Chow Tai Fook’s focus on attracting millennials by introducing more fashionable jewelry designs and pushing his brands globally. “In the next 10 years, Chinese brands, Chinese originality, Chinese creativity will be part of the world’s realm," Cheng said in November. "People will be going back and talking about what’s cool in China, instead of what’s cool in the U.S.” Cheng, who is an art enthusiast and has a bachelor’s degree from Harvard University, has opened shopping centers merged with galleries and a mall targeting children. 2. Dwindling Connections At his grandfather’s funeral last year, pallbearers included current and former heads of Hong Kong and Macau, as well as the only two people in the city richer than the deceased: Li Ka-shing and Lee Shau Kee. To read an obituary about the New World founder, click here The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The proceeding helped illustrate how connected his grandfather was. For Adrian Cheng to succeed, it will be crucial for him to retain relationships within the family and stakeholders because "Hong Kong has barely known this guy," said Chinese University’s Fan. Family firms lose almost 60 percent of their value each time leadership is transferred from one generation to the next, as they fail to pass on intangible assets such as relationships and trust, according to Fan. 3. Corporate Governance Shares of the Cheng family’s New World Development have, on average, traded at 45 percent of the company’s book value in the past five years, the worst performer based on that measure in Hong Kong’s benchmark Hang Seng Index, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Behind the discount are governance concerns. When Henry Cheng first took over the family business in the late ’80s, he kicked off a series of acquisitions, including the purchase of the Ramada hotel chain and Wing On (Holdings) Ltd. That drove up the family empire’s debts so high that the founder stepped back in and sold some assets. Though past stumbles have soured investors’ perceptions about the group, the younger Cheng is in a position to reverse those perceptions, according to Raymond Cheng, Hong Kong-based analyst at CIMB Securities Ltd., who isn’t related to the family behind New World. “Even if Henry were to take a long leave, I don’t see a problem elevating Adrian’s role," the analyst said. "It wouldn’t be bad news for him to fully take over.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance VEREIT Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for VEREIT Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Imperva Inc (IMPV) to Sell Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock ARP Americas LLC Acquires Shares of 35,900 VEREIT Inc. (VER) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet ARP Americas LLC acquired a new stake in VEREIT Inc. (NYSE:VER) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor acquired 35,900 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $304,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of VER. Trust Co. of Vermont increased its position in VEREIT by 152.5% in the third quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 10,100 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 6,100 shares during the period. ClariVest Asset Management LLC bought a new position in VEREIT during the third quarter valued at approximately $110,000. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its position in VEREIT by 8.1% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 11,203 shares of the company’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 837 shares during the period. Mechanics Bank Trust Department bought a new position in VEREIT during the third quarter valued at approximately $114,000. Finally, Paragon Capital Management Ltd increased its position in VEREIT by 8.1% in the third quarter. Paragon Capital Management Ltd now owns 12,221 shares of the company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying an additional 917 shares during the period. 82.94% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. VEREIT Inc. (NYSE:VER) traded up 1.04% during trading on Friday, reaching $8.75. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 6,544,521 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $8.57 and a 200 day moving average of $9.33. The firm’s market capitalization is $8.52 billion. VEREIT Inc. has a one year low of $7.35 and a one year high of $11.09. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “ARP Americas LLC Acquires Shares of 35,900 VEREIT Inc. (VER)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/arp-americas-llc-acquires-shares-of-35900-vereit-inc-ver.html. Several research analysts have recently commented on the company. JMP Securities raised VEREIT from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. DA Davidson reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of VEREIT in a research report on Thursday, November 10th. BMO Capital Markets set a $10.00 target price on VEREIT and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Bank of America Corporation cut VEREIT from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded VEREIT from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $11.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday, December 16th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. VEREIT currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $9.89. VEREIT Company Profile VEREIT, Inc is a full-service real estate operating company. The Company owns and manages a diversified portfolio of retail, restaurant, office and industrial real estate assets. In addition, the Company manages real estate investments on behalf of the Cole Capital. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VER? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for VEREIT Inc. (NYSE:VER). Receive News & Ratings for VEREIT Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for VEREIT Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Former Chancellor George Osborne is earning £25,000 an hour for giving speeches to bankers, traders, and asset managers Will Martin Feb. 9, 2017, 5:11 AM 569 facebook linkedin twitter email print Carsten Koall/Getty Images LONDON — Former Chancellor George Osborne has developed a lucrative new sideline as an after dinner speaker, making an average of £25,000 ($31,396) per hour for speeches given to some of the world's biggest financial institutions in the past few months. According to the latest Register of Members' Financial Interests — which tracks the fees earned by MPs for work not related to their role as public servants — Osborne has picked up around £720,000 for 12 speeches and appearances since October. While his public speeches have already been disclosed previously, the latest register includes two new speeches totaling £92,396 delivered in January. In total, he has worked for 28.5 hours during these appearances. That means Osborne has earned almost 10 times his annual salary as a backbench MP (£74,962) for the equivalent of less than a week's work. Osborne was Chancellor of the Exchequer between 2010 and 2016, returning to the back benches after Theresa May took over as prime minister, making Philip Hammond her chancellor. Osborne joined the Washington Speakers Bureau, an after-dinner speakers agency, shortly afterward. He remains an MP for his constituency of Tatton in Cheshire. His speeches have largely been delivered to financiers, with his list of appearances including trips to JPMorgan, HSBC, BlackRock, Citi, St James's Wealth Management, Aberdeen Asset Management, and a firm called Palmex Derivatives. He has also spoken to an audience at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, a public policy think-tank. You can see the full list of appearances that he has disclosed here. Alongside his public speaking, Osborne stands to earn a significant sum for a new role he will undertake at BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager. Osborne will join the Blackrock Investment Institute as a senior adviser on a part-time basis. He has yet to disclose how much the role will pay, but according to Sky News, it will "be "at least" hundreds of thousands of pounds annually." He will be in the role for one day a week. "George has a unique and invaluable perspective on the issues that are shaping our world today," BlackRock CEO and Chairman Laurence Fink said in a statement when the appointment was announced late in January. In joining BlackRock, Osborne will once again be working with his former chief economic adviser Rupert Harrison who is the firm's chief macroeconomic strategist. NOW WATCH: The best and worst months to rent an apartment in major US cities Loading video... More: George Osborne BlackRock Chancellor of the Exchequer Conservative Party Apester Poll facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Former Chancellor George Osborne is earning £25,000 an hour for giving speeches to bankers, traders, and asset managers Former Chancellor George Osborne is earning £25,000 an hour for giving speeches to bankers, traders, and asset managers LONDON — Former Chancellor George Osborne... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Electronic Arts Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Electronic Arts Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Imperva Inc (IMPV) to Sell Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) PT at $89.87 February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA) have been assigned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the twenty-one ratings firms that are presently covering the firm. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have issued a hold recommendation and fourteen have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $89.87. A number of analysts have weighed in on EA shares. Mizuho reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $92.00 price objective on shares of Electronic Arts in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Vetr raised Electronic Arts from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $83.46 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, November 1st. Zacks Investment Research cut Electronic Arts from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Wedbush raised their price target on Electronic Arts from $86.00 to $92.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, Cowen and Company cut Electronic Arts from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $96.00 to $82.00 in a report on Friday, October 28th. Shares of Electronic Arts (NASDAQ:EA) opened at 86.17 on Tuesday. Electronic Arts has a 12 month low of $58.10 and a 12 month high of $86.66. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $80.97 and its 200 day moving average price is $80.73. The stock has a market capitalization of $26.11 billion, a PE ratio of 20.92 and a beta of 0.65. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/brokerages-set-electronic-arts-inc-ea-pt-at-89-87.html. In other news, SVP Samantha S. Smith sold 2,721 shares of Electronic Arts stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.78, for a total transaction of $208,918.38. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Jacob J. Schatz sold 2,200 shares of Electronic Arts stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.06, for a total value of $176,132.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 27,220 shares in the company, valued at $2,179,233.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 97,548 shares of company stock worth $7,751,553 in the last quarter. 3.46% of the stock is owned by insiders. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Electronic Arts by 2.2% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 11,877,969 shares of the game software company’s stock worth $899,870,000 after buying an additional 254,752 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Electronic Arts by 2.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11,567,754 shares of the game software company’s stock worth $911,088,000 after buying an additional 272,121 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in shares of Electronic Arts by 2.4% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 8,194,060 shares of the game software company’s stock worth $620,782,000 after buying an additional 191,899 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Electronic Arts by 46.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,478,959 shares of the game software company’s stock worth $639,284,000 after buying an additional 2,367,576 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Lone Pine Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Electronic Arts by 86.1% in the second quarter. Lone Pine Capital LLC now owns 3,555,356 shares of the game software company’s stock worth $269,354,000 after buying an additional 1,644,713 shares during the last quarter. About Electronic Arts Electronic Arts Inc develops, markets, publishes and distributes games, content and services that can be played by consumers on a range of platforms, which include consoles, personal computers (PCs), mobile phones and tablets. The Company’s games and services are based on a portfolio of intellectual property that includes established brands, such as FIFA, Madden NFL, Star Wars, Battlefield, the Sims and Need for Speed. Receive News & Ratings for Electronic Arts Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Electronic Arts Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Markets & Investing Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Corporate shareholder trading quiet ahead of reporting season  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Money›Markets & Investing The Insider by Robert Halili Corporate shareholder trading quiet ahead of reporting season With the busy reporting period running from February to April, directors and listed-firms are prohibited from trading one to two months prior to the announcement of results PUBLISHED : Sunday, 12 February, 2017, 4:42pm UPDATED : Sunday, 12 February, 2017, 10:44pm Comments:   Robert Halili Share PrintEmail Related topics The Insider Related Articles Business Director activity falls for second straight week 5 Feb 2017 Markets & Investing Insider activity quiet ahead of Lunar New Year, funds active 29 Jan 2017 Business Few company insiders buy shares in first week of 2017 16 Jan 2017 The director activity fell for the third straight week based on filings on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from February 6 to 10, with seven companies that recorded 18 purchases worth HK$16.7 million versus three firms with seven disposals worth HK$7.5 million. The buy figures were sharply down from the previous week’s three-day totals of 13 companies, 37 purchases and HK$83.2 million. On the selling side, the number of firms and trades were down from the previous week’s five companies and 17 disposals. The sell value, however, was sharply up from the previous week’s sales worth US$1.9 million. While the buying by directors plunged last week, the buyback activity was flat with nine companies that posted 40 repurchases worth HK$55.9 million based on filings from Monday to Thursday. The number of firms and trades were up from the previous week’s three-day totals of six firms and 21 trades while the value was down from the previous week’s turnover of HK$78.3 million. The low corporate shareholder activity in the past few weeks is not surprising due to the busy reporting period that runs from February to April as directors and listed-firms are prohibited from trading one to two months prior to the announcement of results. Despite the continued lull in the trading activity, there were several buyback, director and fund manager filings last week. On the buybacks front, Playmates Holdings has been quietly buying back on the way up since November 2016. On the flip side, Cogobuy Group has been repurchasing shares at progressively lower prices since October last year with buybacks recorded in 50 out of the past 68 trading days. On the directors’ side, the chairman and CEO of Regina Miracle International recorded his first buys since listing after the stock fell by 44 per cent. On the institutional shareholders’ front, purchases by three fund managers in Vtech Holdings since November last year indicate that the stock is undervalued at over HK$94 per share. Meanwhile, the Singapore Government’s sovereign wealth fund GIC Private Limited ceased to be a substantial shareholder of China Telecom Corporation. The sale by GIC in China Telecom was made at below its initial filing price in August last year. Playmates Holdings Limited (635) Toy designer and manufacturer Playmates Holdings has been buying back at progressively higher prices since November last year with 2 million shares purchased from November 14, 2016 to February 9 at HK$8.70 to HK$10.50 each or an average of HK$10.20 each. The group last bought 38,000 shares on February 6 at HK$10.50 each. Prior to the repurchases since November 2016, the company acquired 113,000 shares in May 2016 at an average of HK$10.48 each and 3.92 million shares in January 2016 at an average of HK$8.62 each. Prior to the buybacks since 2016, the group acquired 37.2 million shares from March 2011 to December 2015 at HK$2.32 to HK$11.30 each or an average of HK$5.59 each and 18.25 million shares from 1997 to 2010 at HK$0.59 to HK$2.50 each or an average of HK$1.04 each. Investors should note that the stock rose by an average of 14 per cent three months after the group bought shares based on 245 filings since 2000. The stock recorded a price gain three months after on 64 per cent of those filings. The counter closed at HK$10.60 on Friday. Cogobuy Group (400) E-commerce platform services provider (for electronic goods) Cogobuy Group has been buying back at progressively lower prices since October last year with 31.2 million shares from October 28, 2016 to February 7 at HK$12.50 to HK$10.30 each or an average of HK$11.82 each. The buybacks accounted for 20 per cent of the stock’s trading volume. The company repurchased shares on 50 out of the 68 trading days during that period. The group last bought 83,000 shares from February 6 to 7 at an average of HK$10.56 each. Prior to the repurchases since October 2016, the company acquired 5.42 million shares in May 2016 at HK$10.50 to HK$10.96 each or an average of HK$10.64 each and 4.5 million shares from January to February 2016 at HK$7.90 to HK$8.30 each or an average of HK$8.08 each. Prior to the buybacks since January 2016, the group acquired 200,000 shares in July 2015 at HK$4.90 each and 25.64 million shares from December 2014 to February 2015 at HK$3.90 to HK$4.50 each or an average of HK$4.22 each. The repurchases since December 2014 are the company’s first buybacks since listing in July 2014. The group’s last buyback price was sharply higher the IPO prices of HK$3.20 to HK$4.48. The stock closed at HK$11.08 on Friday. Regina Miracle International Holdings Ltd (2199) Chairman and CEO Hung Yau Lit recorded the first on-market trades by a director in intimate and sports apparel designer and manufacturer Regina Miracle International since the stock was listed in October 2015 with 2 million shares purchased from February 6 to 7 at HK$5.83 to HK$6.62 each or an average of HK$6.04 each. The trades, which accounted for 18 per cent of the stock’s trading volume, increased his holdings to 887.000 million shares or 72.45 per cent of the issued capital. The purchases were made on the back of the 44 per cent drop in the share price since September 2016 from HK$10.82. The counter is also down since January 2016 from HK$12.60. The chairman’s purchase prices were near the IPO prices of HK$5.38 to HK$6.38 each. The stock closed at HK$6.53 on Friday. Vtech Holdings Limited (303) The Capital Group Companies recorded its first notice in high-tech educational and consumer electronic products manufacturer Vtech Holdings since March 2016 with a purchase-related filing on February 1 of 1.2 million shares at HK$94.59 each. The trade increased its holdings to 37.884 million shares or 15.08 per cent of the issued capital. The filing was made on the back of the 10 per cent drop in the share price since December 2016 from HK$104.90. Despite the fall in the share price, the counter is still up since May 2016 from HK$78.60. The group previously reported a purchase-related filing in March 2016 of 521,000 shares at HK$91.78 each and a purchase-related filing in January 2016 of 229,000 shares at HK$76.00 each. Prior to its notices since 2016, the fund manager reported a purchase-related filing in November 2014 of 740,000 shares at HK$101.23 each, a purchase-related filing on December 27, 2013 of 792,000 shares at HK$101.91 each and an initial filing (for the second time since September 2012) on December 17, 2013 of 161,000 shares at HK$101.95 each, which raised its interest to 5.0 per cent. Overall, The Capital Group’s stake is up by 202 per cent since that initial filing in December 2013. Investors should note that JPMorgan Chase & Co and Templeton Asset Management boosted their respective stakes to over 5 per cent of the issued capital in the fourth quarter of 2016. JPMorgan reported an initial filing (for the eighth time since May 2012) on December 14, 2016 of 10.95 million shares at HK$96.11 each, which boosted its stake by 137 per cent to 18.946 million shares or 7.54 per cent. Prior to that initial filing, the group ceased to be a substantial shareholder in July 2014 following the sale of 211,000 shares via off-market trade at an undisclosed price, which lowered its interest to 4.91 per cent. Templeton Asset Management, on the other hand, reported an initial filing (for the second time since August 7) on November 2, 2016 of 64,600 shares at HK$94.06 each, which increased its holdings to 12.593 million shares or 5.01 per cent. Prior to that initial filing, the fund manager ceased to be a substantial shareholder in September 2016 following the sale of 160,200 shares at HK$88.74 each, which lowered its interest to 4.97 per cent. The stock closed HK$88.65 on Friday. China Telecom Corporation Limited (728) GIC Private lowered its stake in mainland telecom giant China Telecom Corporation to below 5 per cent of the issued capital at lower than its initial filing price in August 2016. The group ceased to be a substantial shareholder on February 1 following the sale of 7.4 million shares at HK$3.67 each, which reduced its holdings to 688.019 million shares or 4.96 per cent. The filing was made on the back of the 12 per cent drop in the share price since October 2016 from HK$4.15. The group previously reported an initial filing (for the second time since July 2016) in August 2016 of 3.6 million shares at HK$3.91 each, which raised its interest to 5.01 per cent. Investors should note that Templeton Global Advisors became a substantial shareholder on November 11, 2016 following the purchase of 50.8 million shares at HK$3.81 each, which boosted its stake by 8 per cent to 703.545 million shares or 5.07 per cent. The stock closed at HK$3.77 on Friday. Li & Fung Limited (494) Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) recorded a sale in blue chip consumer products exporter Li & Fung at lower than its acquisition price from November 2016 to January with 27.36 million shares sold on February 6 at HK$3.01 each. The trade reduced its holdings to 1.403 billion shares or 16.68 per cent of the issued capital. The group previously reported a purchase-related filing on January 20 of 438,000 shares at HK$3.40 each and a purchase-related filing on November 21, 2016 of 52 million shares at HK$3.48 each. Prior to those acquisitions, the shareholder reported a disposal-related filing in September 2016 of 5.07 million shares at HK$4.05 each. Prior to that sale, the fund manager acquired 337.6 million shares from March to July 2016 at HK$4.87 to HK$3.91 each and a purchase-related filing in March 2016 of 31.5 million shares at HK$4.41 each. Prior to its notices since 2016, the group acquired 406 million shares from January to September 2015 at HK$7.39 to HK$4.98 each and an initial filing (for the second time since February 2013) on January 23 of 212 million shares at HK$7.39 each, which raised its interest by 53 per cent to 608.985 million shares or 7.28 per cent. Investors should note that The Capital Group Companies sold 84.4 million shares from December 9 to 12, 2016 at an average of HK$3.42 each, which lowered its stake by 11 per cent to 673.130 million shares or 7.99 per cent. The group previously acquired 161 million shares from October 2015 to January 2016 at HK$6.10 to HK$4.38 each and sold 332 million shares from April 2014 to July 2015 at HK$11.70 to HK$6.10 each. Overall, The Capital Group’s stake is down by 27 per cent since April 2014. Prior to those net sales, the fund manager acquired a net 509 million shares from August 2011 to February 2014 at HK$13.28 to HK$10.49 each and an initial filing (for the second time since September 2008) in August 2011 of 12 million shares at HK$12.80 each, which raised its interest to 5.1 per cent. The counter closed at HK$3.42 on Friday. Robert Halili is managing director of Asia Insider This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Director buying, selling ebbs in city ahead of reporting season More articles by Robert Halili Director activity falls for second straight week 5 Feb 2017 - 11:06pm Insider activity quiet ahead of Lunar New Year, funds active 29 Jan 2017 - 7:39pm Buy-back value rises on CK Property repurchase 22 Jan 2017 - 10:06pm   Most Popular Viewed 1 Why would Malaysia sell its ‘symbol of dignity’ to China? 2 Australian wines breach the Grape Wall of China 3 Trump’s America First policy a test for Apec’s business leaders 4 As it happened: Ethiopia's Belachew breaks men's HK Marathon record 5 Trump’s China gestures, fund flows boost Hong Kong market Shared 1 Why would Malaysia sell its ‘symbol of dignity’ to China? 2 Trump’s America First policy a test for Apec’s business leaders 3 Australian wines breach the Grape Wall of China 4 Growing number of foreign firms shutting shop in China 5 As it happened: Ethiopia's Belachew breaks men's HK Marathon record Commented 1 Why would Malaysia sell its ‘symbol of dignity’ to China? 2 Half of city’s MTR trains have no CCTV, it emerges after firebomb 3 Catholics wary of reform to government-backed church 4 Three rushed to hospital after running in Hong Kong Marathon 5 Schoolboy is third teenager to die within eight days       You may also like Post Magazine Hong Kong men victims of sextortion by Philippine cybercriminals 11 Feb 2017 - 9:31am 14 Insomniacs share bedtime routines In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Geopolitics Revealed: Malaysia’s ‘new evidence’ in island row against Singapore 11 Feb 2017 - 2:19am 16 Eternally entwined Sponsored by: Georg Jensen Hong Kong John Tsang builds big poll lead over Carrie Lam in leadership race 10 Feb 2017 - 10:28am 35 China China to store foreigners’ fingerprints upon entry, starting with Shenzhen 10 Feb 2017 - 8:25am 27 China Fire at Chinese factory that supplied Samsung Note 7 batteries 9 Feb 2017 - 10:25am 8 China Does China’s Communist Party follow any succession rules at all? 7 Feb 2017 - 9:21pm 10 Food & Drink Hong Kong store defends selling strawberries individually wrapped 9 Feb 2017 - 10:09am 30 China Why China’s communists struggle with succession planning 6 Feb 2017 - 12:47am 34 Business Amid slowdown, glimmers of hope for Singapore’s economy 6 Feb 2017 - 12:24pm 17 China Ivanka visit ‘shows China wants to forge ties with Trump’ 6 Feb 2017 - 11:35pm 10 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Graphic Packaging Holding Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graphic Packaging Holding Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Imperva Inc (IMPV) to Sell Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Jefferies Group Weighs in on Graphic Packaging Holding Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GPK) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE:GPK) – Equities research analysts at Jefferies Group boosted their Q3 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Graphic Packaging Holding Company in a report issued on Wednesday. Jefferies Group analyst P. Ng now forecasts that the brokerage will post earnings of $0.22 per share for the quarter, up from their prior forecast of $0.20. Jefferies Group currently has a “Hold” rating and a $14.00 target price on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Graphic Packaging Holding Company’s Q4 2017 earnings at $0.19 EPS. Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE:GPK) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.14 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.01. Graphic Packaging Holding Company had a net margin of 5.30% and a return on equity of 21.46%. The business earned $1.06 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.05 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.19 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 3.2% on a year-over-year basis. WARNING: “Jefferies Group Weighs in on Graphic Packaging Holding Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GPK)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/jefferies-group-weighs-in-on-graphic-packaging-holding-companys-q3-2017-earnings-gpk.html. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on GPK. CLSA initiated coverage on shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company in a research note on Tuesday, November 22nd. They set an “outperform” rating and a $15.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 22nd. KeyCorp initiated coverage on shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. They set a “sector weight” rating on the stock. Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) lowered shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company from a “conviction-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $15.50 target price on the stock. in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $15.69. Shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE:GPK) opened at 13.05 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.09 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.38 and a beta of 1.20. Graphic Packaging Holding Company has a 52 week low of $11.05 and a 52 week high of $14.70. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $12.73 and a 200 day moving average of $13.28. WARNING: “Jefferies Group Weighs in on Graphic Packaging Holding Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GPK)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/jefferies-group-weighs-in-on-graphic-packaging-holding-companys-q3-2017-earnings-gpk.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Victory Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company during the third quarter valued at approximately $74,942,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company by 33.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,051,775 shares of the company’s stock valued at $56,685,000 after buying an additional 1,015,561 shares in the last quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC increased its stake in shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company by 35,661.2% in the fourth quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC now owns 928,719 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,590,000 after buying an additional 926,122 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company by 1,179.4% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 669,967 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,376,000 after buying an additional 617,600 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Calvert Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company by 1,802.1% in the second quarter. Calvert Investment Management Inc. now owns 603,165 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,564,000 after buying an additional 571,455 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 96.10% of the company’s stock. About Graphic Packaging Holding Company Graphic Packaging Holding Company is a provider of paper-based packaging solutions for a range of products to food, beverage and other consumer product companies. The Company’s segments include Paperboard Mills, Americas Paperboard Packaging, Europe Paperboard Packaging, Flexible Packaging, and Corporate and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Graphic Packaging Holding Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graphic Packaging Holding Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ARMOUR Residential REIT Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ARMOUR Residential REIT Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Imperva Inc (IMPV) to Sell Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock ARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc. (ARR) Receives $20.96 Consensus PT from Analysts February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of ARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc. (NYSE:ARR) have been given a consensus rating of “Hold” by the seven research firms that are covering the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation and four have assigned a hold recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $20.96. A number of research firms have weighed in on ARR. Nomura raised shares of ARMOUR Residential REIT from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $19.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of ARMOUR Residential REIT from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/armour-residential-reit-inc-arr-receives-20-96-consensus-pt-from-analysts.html. ARMOUR Residential REIT (NYSE:ARR) opened at 21.77 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $21.74 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.12. ARMOUR Residential REIT has a 1-year low of $18.22 and a 1-year high of $23.40. The firm’s market capitalization is $799.24 million. The business also recently disclosed a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, February 27th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be given a dividend of $0.19 per share. This represents a $2.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 10.47%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 13th. ARMOUR Residential REIT’s dividend payout ratio is currently -147.10%. In related news, CEO Jeffrey J. Zimmer acquired 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 19th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $20.89 per share, with a total value of $208,900.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 76,126 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,590,272.14. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Scott Ulm acquired 7,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 28th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $21.54 per share, with a total value of $150,780.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 79,426 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,710,836.04. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have bought 19,000 shares of company stock valued at $403,020 in the last ninety days. 1.20% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in ARMOUR Residential REIT by 2.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 92,917 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,094,000 after buying an additional 2,448 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in ARMOUR Residential REIT by 5.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,828,820 shares of the company’s stock worth $41,222,000 after buying an additional 101,848 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in ARMOUR Residential REIT by 123.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 436,884 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,848,000 after buying an additional 2,295,168 shares during the last quarter. Whitebox Advisors LLC boosted its stake in ARMOUR Residential REIT by 6.9% in the third quarter. Whitebox Advisors LLC now owns 819,760 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,477,000 after buying an additional 52,933 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its stake in ARMOUR Residential REIT by 23.2% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 96,545 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,931,000 after buying an additional 18,200 shares during the last quarter. 38.63% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About ARMOUR Residential REIT ARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc (ARMOUR) is an externally managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company invests in residential mortgage backed securities issued or guaranteed by the United States Government-sponsored entity (GSE), such as the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) or guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Administration (Ginnie Mae) (collectively, Agency Securities). Receive News & Ratings for ARMOUR Residential REIT Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ARMOUR Residential REIT Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 February 2017 by Military News PaymentComponents Ltd Announces It’s Partnering with Infosistema for the Iberia Region PaymentComponents Ltd Announces It’s Partnering with Infosistema for the Iberia Region PaymentComponents Ltd proudly announces the establishment of a strategic partnership with Infosistema for the Iberia region. This partnership will, among others, empower Banks, in Portugal & Spain, to become PSD2 compliant in record time! London, United Kingdom, February 12, 2017 –– Starting from February 2017, Infosistema is the exclusive partner / reseller for the solutions developed by PaymentComponents in Portugal & Spain. The solutions initially offered will include: – aplonAPI ™ API Management Framework – a complete, PSD2 compliant, API solution, enabling the agile deployment of BaaP & BaaS services. aplonAPI, enables Financial Institutions to rapidly build, manage & distribute APIs and comes with PSD2 support out of the box. – aplonCASH ™ Treasury Management System (TMS) – allowing corporates to easily aggregate their banking relationship & transform their Treasury Department to a Profit Center The upcoming advent of PSD2, in January 2018, will drive major structural changes, in the ways consumers and companies interact with Banks. Infosistema and PaymentComponents are front runners, in empowering banks & corporates, successfully navigate the new business models & rapidly respond to new opportunities arising. For more information, you can contact Abel Camelo, Abel.Camelo@infosistema.com from Infosistema and Zoi Kioustelidou, zoi.k@paymentcomponents.com from PaymentComponents. About PaymentComponents PaymentComponents Ltd is a catalyst, empowering FinTech Innovation in Financial Institutions, Corporates and FinTechs. Operational since 2006 & incorporated in London in 2014, as a spinoff of a 25-year-old Financial Software development company (Datamation), PaymentComponents is a unique amalgam, bonding deep Financial Services understanding, expertise in developing mission critical Financial systems and the latest trends in FinTech innovation. Our aplonAPI ™ API Framework provides a complete, PSD2 compliant, solution for Financial Institutions, to actively participate in the FinTech (R)evolution. It empowers the creation, testing & growth of Platform Based services & fosters the collaboration with the rapidly growing FinTech community. Through treasury management systems, automated payments & reconciliation solutions, we provide a hassle-free path to FinTech benefits, for Corporates. Via software components, support and know-how, we enable Rapid & Agile development of SWIFT & SEPA compliant FinTech applications worldwide. We remain committed, to actively assisting our clients reap the benefits of the FinTech (R)evolution! We are trusted by Computer Associates, JPMorgan, Citigroup, Pictet, Credit Suisse, Bank of Cyprus, Hellenic Bank, CDB & Ancoria among others. For more information, http://www.paymentcomponents.com/ | Twitter @paymentcomp | LinkedIn PaymentComponents About Infosistema Infosistema acts in Technology and business consulting for Banking and Insurance sectors, Industry and public administration, developing Business Portals, BPM, Workflow and Integration solutions. With over 20 years of experience, projects in more than 8 countries and more than 120 Team members with more than 200 technical certifications, as in project management (PMP), we claim ourselves as an agile, flexible and innovative company capable of providing value to the most challenging and demanding needs of our customers. Infosistema is a member of the recently created Joyn Group. Joyn Group operates in IT Consultancy and Integration, Outsourcing, Service Design and foster innovation through Joyn Ventures. During the last three years the CAGR is over 50% and has now over 270 employees. For more information, http://www.infosistema.com/| Twitter @InfosistemaSA | Facebook Infosistema | LinkedIn Infosistema CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, front, Industry, major, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Organize-It Now Shipping To Japan, Spain, Italy, Norway, Sweden, and Switzerland Next PostNext FCPX Effects Developer Pixel Film Studios Released ProFreeze Clone Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Notable Wednesday Option Activity: ASPS, GME, RCII Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: VSI, NFLX, EIGI Notable Wednesday Option Activity: DXCM, PBPB, STMP Notable Wednesday Option Activity: BG, SSTK, GLPI Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: BCC, LE, HIVE Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Payment Components Press Release Receive press releases from Payment Components: By Email RSS Feeds: PaymentComponents Ltd Announces It's Partnering with Infosistema for the Iberia Region PaymentComponents Ltd proudly announces the establishment of a strategic partnership with Infosistema for the Iberia region. This partnership will, among others, empower Banks, in Portugal & Spain, to become PSD2 compliant in record time! London, United Kingdom, February 12, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Starting from February 2017, Infosistema is the exclusive partner / reseller for the solutions developed by PaymentComponents in Portugal & Spain. The solutions initially offered will include: - aplonAPI ™ API Management Framework – a complete, PSD2 compliant, API solution, enabling the agile deployment of BaaP & BaaS services. aplonAPI, enables Financial Institutions to rapidly build, manage & distribute APIs and comes with PSD2 support out of the box. - aplonCASH ™ Treasury Management System (TMS) – allowing corporates to easily aggregate their banking relationship & transform their Treasury Department to a Profit Center The upcoming advent of PSD2, in January 2018, will drive major structural changes, in the ways consumers and companies interact with Banks. Infosistema and PaymentComponents are front runners, in empowering banks & corporates, successfully navigate the new business models & rapidly respond to new opportunities arising. For more information, you can contact Abel Camelo, Abel.Camelo@infosistema.com from Infosistema and Zoi Kioustelidou, zoi.k@paymentcomponents.com from PaymentComponents. About PaymentComponents PaymentComponents Ltd is a catalyst, empowering FinTech Innovation in Financial Institutions, Corporates and FinTechs. Operational since 2006 & incorporated in London in 2014, as a spinoff of a 25-year-old Financial Software development company (Datamation), PaymentComponents is a unique amalgam, bonding deep Financial Services understanding, expertise in developing mission critical Financial systems and the latest trends in FinTech innovation. Our aplonAPI ™ API Framework provides a complete, PSD2 compliant, solution for Financial Institutions, to actively participate in the FinTech (R)evolution. It empowers the creation, testing & growth of Platform Based services & fosters the collaboration with the rapidly growing FinTech community. Through treasury management systems, automated payments & reconciliation solutions, we provide a hassle-free path to FinTech benefits, for Corporates. Via software components, support and know-how, we enable Rapid & Agile development of SWIFT & SEPA compliant FinTech applications worldwide. We remain committed, to actively assisting our clients reap the benefits of the FinTech (R)evolution! We are trusted by Computer Associates, JPMorgan, Citigroup, Pictet, Credit Suisse, Bank of Cyprus, Hellenic Bank, CDB & Ancoria among others. For more information, http://www.paymentcomponents.com/ | Twitter @paymentcomp | LinkedIn PaymentComponents About Infosistema Infosistema acts in Technology and business consulting for Banking and Insurance sectors, Industry and public administration, developing Business Portals, BPM, Workflow and Integration solutions. With over 20 years of experience, projects in more than 8 countries and more than 120 Team members with more than 200 technical certifications, as in project management (PMP), we claim ourselves as an agile, flexible and innovative company capable of providing value to the most challenging and demanding needs of our customers. Infosistema is a member of the recently created Joyn Group. Joyn Group operates in IT Consultancy and Integration, Outsourcing, Service Design and foster innovation through Joyn Ventures. During the last three years the CAGR is over 50% and has now over 270 employees. For more information, http://www.infosistema.com/| Twitter @InfosistemaSA | Facebook Infosistema | LinkedIn Infosistema Contact Information Payment Components Zoi Kioustelidou +30 2106145058 Contact paymentcomponents.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Payment Components Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J P Morgan Chase & Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Imperva Inc (IMPV) to Sell Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Stake Boosted by Covington Capital Management February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Covington Capital Management raised its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) by 7.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 205,728 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 14,876 shares during the period. J P Morgan Chase & Co comprises about 1.3% of Covington Capital Management’s portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. Covington Capital Management’s holdings in J P Morgan Chase & Co were worth $13,699,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of JPM. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. boosted its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 0.7% in the second quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 2,014 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $125,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. CT Financial Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 4.2% in the third quarter. CT Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,187 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $146,000 after buying an additional 89 shares during the period. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 82.2% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 2,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. Hanson McClain Inc. boosted its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 1.3% in the second quarter. Hanson McClain Inc. now owns 2,384 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the period. Finally, Reilly Financial Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 13.0% in the third quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,444 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 281 shares during the period. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.00 on Monday. J P Morgan Chase & Co has a 52 week low of $54.33 and a 52 week high of $88.17. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $85.92 and its 200 day moving average is $74.65. The stock has a market cap of $310.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.05 and a beta of 1.49. J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) last announced its earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.42 by $0.29. The firm had revenue of $24.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.48 billion. J P Morgan Chase & Co had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.68 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that J P Morgan Chase & Co will post $6.55 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Investors of record on Friday, January 6th were paid a dividend of $0.48 per share. This represents a $1.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.21%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, January 4th. J P Morgan Chase & Co’s payout ratio is currently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Stake Boosted by Covington Capital Management” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/13/j-p-morgan-chase-co-jpm-stake-boosted-by-covington-capital-management.html. A number of analysts have commented on the stock. Vetr raised shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.89 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $88.00 price target (up previously from $77.00) on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. FBR & Co reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Macquarie reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $70.00 price target on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research report on Monday, October 17th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research report on Saturday, December 17th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and twenty have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $77.05. In related news, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $5,510,924.55. Following the sale, the insider now owns 237,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,868,780.22. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 21,532 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $1,801,582.44. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 86,338 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,223,900.46. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 202,699 shares of company stock worth $17,009,515 in the last three months. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About J P Morgan Chase & Co JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J P Morgan Chase & Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Imperva Inc (IMPV) to Sell Exelon Corporation (EXC) Raised to “Overweight” at KeyCorp Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Benchmark Co. Raises Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target to $160.00 Brokers Set Expectations for Exelon Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EXC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for DDR Corp. Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (DDR) Brokerages Set $20.00 Target Price for Entercom Communications Corporation (ETM) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Given $27.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target Raised to $42.00 CardConnect Corp. (CCN) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Citigroup Inc. Initiates Coverage on Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Guggenheim Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Aegis Initiates Coverage on Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) FBR & Co Upgrades PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) to Outperform American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Canaccord Genuity Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Director Purchases C$205,200.00 in Stock Patten Group Inc. Sells 48 Shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) February 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Patten Group Inc. decreased its position in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) by 0.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 33,272 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 48 shares during the period. J P Morgan Chase & Co makes up 1.1% of Patten Group Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Patten Group Inc.’s holdings in J P Morgan Chase & Co were worth $2,256,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. raised its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 0.7% in the second quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 2,014 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $125,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period. CT Financial Advisors LLC raised its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 4.2% in the third quarter. CT Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,187 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $146,000 after buying an additional 89 shares during the period. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC raised its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 82.2% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 2,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. Hanson McClain Inc. raised its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 1.3% in the second quarter. Hanson McClain Inc. now owns 2,384 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the period. Finally, Reilly Financial Advisors LLC raised its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 13.0% in the third quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,444 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 281 shares during the period. 73.65% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.00 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $310.65 billion, a PE ratio of 14.05 and a beta of 1.49. J P Morgan Chase & Co has a 12-month low of $54.33 and a 12-month high of $88.17. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $85.92 and a 200-day moving average price of $74.65. J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.42 by $0.29. The business had revenue of $24.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.48 billion. J P Morgan Chase & Co had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company’s revenue was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.68 earnings per share. Analysts expect that J P Morgan Chase & Co will post $6.55 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 6th were issued a $0.48 dividend. This represents a $1.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.21%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, January 4th. J P Morgan Chase & Co’s dividend payout ratio is presently 31.02%. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/12/patten-group-inc-sells-48-shares-of-j-p-morgan-chase-co-jpm.html. A number of analysts recently commented on JPM shares. FBR & Co reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Buckingham Research reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $74.00 price target on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Zacks Investment Research raised J P Morgan Chase & Co from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Citigroup Inc. reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $65.00 price target on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Vetr lowered J P Morgan Chase & Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $71.84 price target for the company. in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and twenty have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $77.05. In other news, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total value of $5,510,924.55. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 237,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,868,780.22. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 6,728 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total value of $566,228.48. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 115,938 shares in the company, valued at $9,757,342.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 202,699 shares of company stock worth $17,009,515 over the last three months. Corporate insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. J P Morgan Chase & Co Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
