msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Here's the cash buffer you need to survive an emergency CBS News Aimee Picchi 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL States where the middle class is being left behind Forbes 2017 billionaires list: Meet the richest people on the planet Click to expand Replay Video $1 billion in tax refunds is waiting to be claimed On Wednesday, the Internal Revenue Service said that the agency currently has $1B in unclaimed tax refunds. CNBC Sears, Kmart doubt they can stay in business Sears and Kmart warned investors that 'substantial doubt exits' over their future. Fox Business Debunked: Pretty people make more money While it may seem like all the good looking people get all the perks, especially at the office, it not looks that make the difference when it comes to your paycheck. Veuer's Nick Cardona (@nickcardona93) has that story. Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Tips to help you save money CBS News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next $1 billion in tax refunds is waiting to be claimed CNBC0:47 Sears, Kmart doubt they can stay in business Fox Business1:01 Debunked: Pretty people make more money Veuer1:18 Scottish economy: Will independence help or be a hindrance? Bloomberg3:23 Elon Musk says the recent NASA funding bill won't help get us to Mars CNBC0:47 How business benefits from clean water access The Wall Street Journal.5:21 Uber CEO says he's going to change Wochit Tech0:44 Most diamonds in the world are cut here CNN Money1:24 Why you shouldn't ignore income stocks The Wall Street Journal.4:08 Few choices for global beef buyers Reuters1:11 World's most expensive cities are in Asia Veuer1:05 Your local Target may be getting a makeover CNBC0:47 Chinese cash pours into US real estate Bloomberg5:03 Apple unveils new red iPhones CNN Money0:52 Basic solar panels are now about as good as they're going to get Newsy1:17 Writer's lawsuit says Disney copied his plans for 'Zootopia' Wochit Entertainment0:50 UP NEXT “Income volatility” and “unexpected expenses” are somewhat of an oxymoron -- they’ve become so commonplace it’s hard to consider them rare. Quotes in the article JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▲ 87.57 +0.02 +0.02% DOW $INDU ▼ 20,650.63 -10.67 -0.05% NASDAQ COMP ▼ 5,812.75 -8.89 -0.15% S&P 500 Index SPX ▲ 2,348.45 +4.43 +0.19% The financial ups and downs of American families are prompting new research into how households cope with these swings, as well as how they affect those who are unprepared to handle a sudden hit. Family income and spending fluctuate by about 30 percent from month to month, which translates into an unplanned expense of $1,300 for middle-income households, according to research from the JPMorgan Chase Institute.  Such swings can wreak havoc on family budgets, especially for those without a lot of wiggle room. Financial advisers typically recommend that Americans sock away about six months of income in case of a job loss or other emergency, but considering that most adults can’t afford a $500 emergency expense, that’s likely to be out of reach for many.  A smaller cash cushion can serve as a buffer for those times when a medical bill or dip in income stresses your budget, said Diana Farrell, chief executive officer of the JPMorgan Chase Institute. “You wouldn’t worry about it if it happened in a month where your income dips when you spend less, but they aren’t correlated,” Farrell said of income swings and expenses. “So we’re trying to understand how much cash you need in a buffer to cover that level of volatility.” © Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. image001-2.png The everyday cash buffer necessary to weather income volatility and unexpected expenses, by age group and income.   JPMorgan’s research is based on de-identified data from Chase customers, and it includes samples ranging from 100,000 to 1 million customers. The data provides insights into how consumers actually earn and spend, compared with self-reported survey data, which can be inaccurate because it’s based on memory and expectations. The everyday cash buffer needed by families peaks between the ages of 35 and 44, when it reaches $2,400 for middle-income families.  The highest-income families -- those who earn more than $104,600 per year -- need their largest buffer when they’re between the ages of 35 and 54. At at that point, they should have $5,300 on hand to cover the typical ebbs and flows of income and expenses.  Interestingly, young workers start their careers with fairly similar needs for their cash buffers, the research found. The lowest-income workers should have $1,400 in their everyday cash buffer, compared with $2,700 for the highest-income workers in the 18 to 24 age group. But by the time workers reach old age, the dispersion is far wider.  The reason? Young workers have more similar expenses, partly because they’re relatively healthy as a group and are also finding their first jobs and apartments. Older Americans are much less alike, given a wider variety of health issues and living arrangements.  “The experience of old people is much more dispersed,” Farrell said. “You have more variety in expenses and in income than you would have in any other age group. If you think about the experiences of old age, some people live in homes with their children, some in retirement homes.” Farrell recommends that households keep their everyday cash buffer in a savings account. She said households should still aim to have an emergency savings account of the three to six months of income recommended by financial experts. Those assets could be kept in money market funds, certificates of deposit or other vehicles that are slightly less liquid than a bank account.  What happens if a household doesn’t have the assets on hand to cover an emergency expense or income dip? It’s not always pretty, according to the bank’s data.  An emergency medical expense typically sets a household back by $2,089, and most families are still feeling the impact 12 months later, with liquid assets about 2 percent lower and credit card debt 9 percent higher.   “People scramble to pull together whatever they can, but they don’t recover for at least a year after,” Farrell said. “For those who don’t have the ability to pay, they in fact go into medical debt.” While it may seem impossible to save even the cash buffer that JPMorgan recommends, fintech services have sprung up that aim to help consumers understand their month-to-month volatility and sock away a little extra money. Those include Earn, which is a nonprofit service for working families that provides incentives for saving $20 per month, and Meet Albert, which analyzes financial data to provide recommendations for saving money.  “Between taxes, deductions, overtime and bonuses,” said Farrell, “most people are bouncing around, but they don’t necessarily have an understanding of that.”  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money AdChoices Tax Tips from TurboTax Where's My Refund:Top 5 Reasons It's Been Delayed Self-Employed Less Than a Year: How to Do Your Taxes Taxes for Grads: Do Scholarship Count as Taxable Income Year-Round Financial Tips To Make Taxes a Breeze Don't Fear the Tax Man: Handling IRS Letters Notices AdChoices More from CBS News 10 homes you can buy for $500,000 CBS News CBS News View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} views Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} Leadership Lessons From The CEO Of JPMorgan Chase {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By Jason Fell This story originally appeared on Entrepreneur.com as part of coverage of the 2016 Chase for Business Conference. Building and growing a successful business requires many different elements to come together. You need a great idea, financing, raving customers, passionate employees, and smart money management, just to name a few. JPMorgan Chase At a recent Chase for Business Conference in New York City, Jamie Dimon, Charman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, discussed what it takes to be a great leader. There's one thing all of these pieces require in order to come together and reach their fullest potential: exceptional leadership. Whether it's the entrepreneur him or herself, or an executive brought in to fuel growth, every company needs a thoughtful leader to steer it in the right direction. No one knows this better than Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase. At a recent Chase for Business Conference in New York City, Dimon discussed what it takes to be a great leader. Here, we highlight three of Dimon's best tips for anyone to become a better business leader today: 1. Always be transparent – about everything: Transparency from leadership is critical to building a culture of trust. "Share everything," Dimon said. "You never want someone to walk into a meeting thinking you're hiding information. You can't play that game." Sharing information such as strategy, new initiatives and financial performance can help your employees feel as though they're truly a part of your team and that they're trusted. The less "in the dark" employees feel, generally the happier and more engaged they will be. "You're not going to become better without sharing information," Dimon said. 2. Address conflicts immediately: "Don't avoid problems or confrontations," Dimon suggested. "Conflicts don't age well. Deal with issues sooner rather than later as they don't resolve themselves. They get worse." Dimon also advised that leaders should encourage open communication among employees at all times. No one should feel uncomfortable or unable to speak his or her mind at a meeting, he said. If someone tracks Dimon down after a meeting to tell him what he or she didn't care for or agree with, he doesn't tolerate it. If your employees don't speak up and contribute, then what's the sense in having a meeting in the first place? 3. Experience your business firsthand: As a business grows, leaders can become disconnected from the nuts and bolts that drive the organization. Dimon suggests connecting with employees at all levels of your organization often to see exactly what they do and welcome their feedback. "You don't sit in your office by yourself and somehow you make big decisions because you read something carefully," Dimon said. "Talk to your people. … Ask them what you can do better. Jason Fell is a Chase News contributor. He oversees Entrepreneur.com's Partner Studio, and previously served as the media outlet's managing editor. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} views Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} How A Good Reputation Can Advance Your Career {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon shares basic principles that will carry you a long way in career and life. JPMorgan Chase “A lot of your promotions, they’re not going to come because your boss anoints you to another job. They’re going to come because people want to have your services — they’ll start to compete for you because your reputation is so good.” -Jamie Dimon, Chairman & CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. How do you make a company with employees operating in over 100 countries around the world feel connected and empowered? Our Business Resource Groups (BRGs) aim to answer exactly that with inclusive groups of employees with common interests. BRGs bring employees together and also foster networking opportunities and a sense of camaraderie. These groups are defined by shared affinities, including race and cultural heritage, generation, gender, sexual orientation, military status and professional roles. Ranging from PRIDE (for LGBT employees) to BOLD (for colleagues of African descent), BRGs offer forums for thought leaders to share ideas and connect employees globally. In fact, Black Enterprise just recognized JPMorgan Chase as a top company for diversity based on its success in advancing and nurturing an inclusive environment. One such BRG is NextGen, focused on early career professionals who want to actively advance an inclusive workplace while developing personally and professionally. NextGen aims to empower employees across the globe to be successful and productive. Recently, this group was inspired to hear from our Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon. How to get ahead in career life is a question on a lot of people’s minds. One piece of simple advice from Dimon? Contrary to popular belief, earning a promotion is not about impressing your boss—it’s about creating a reputation for honesty, character and collegiality that transcends your immediate work group. Dimon advised NextGen members to keep it simple as they progress through their careers. “Do the right thing and explain it. Do not do the wrong thing because you’re afraid,” he said. “Do not do the easy thing just because it’s easier than the right thing.” “These are basic principles that will carry you a long way in life if you stick to them.” NextGen is a volunteer-led business resource group chaired by JPMorgan Chase Associate Katherine Relle, Executive Director Kristopher Cerciello and Vice President Nydia Diefenbach. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Portland General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Portland General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ag Growth International’s (AFN) Hold Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Issued By SunTrust Banks Bacanora Minerals Ltd Com (BCN) Insider Jamie Strauss Acquires 27,000 Shares Redrow plc (RDW) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 23rd Nuverra Environmental Solutions Inc (NESC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Zacks: Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Brokerages Enerplus Corp (ERF) Raised to C- at TheStreet Globant SA (GLOB) Upgraded at TheStreet Rice Energy Inc (RICE) PT Set at $31.00 by Scotiabank Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Cut by Seaport Global Securities salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Liberum Capital Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Real Estate Investors PLC. (RLE) Insider Buying: Creightons plc (CRL) Insider Acquires £11,730 in Stock Laurence Keen Purchases 7,000 Shares of Hollywood Bowl Group PLC (BOWL) Stock Investar Holding Corp (ISTR) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.02 on April 28th Computer Sciences Co. (CSC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 27th E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.70 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank AQR Capital Management LLC Has $5,823,000 Stake in Portland General Electric Company (POR) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AQR Capital Management LLC reduced its stake in shares of Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR) by 7.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 134,390 shares of the company’s stock after selling 11,109 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Portland General Electric Company were worth $5,823,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. UBS Group AG boosted its position in shares of Portland General Electric Company by 820.3% in the third quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 587,706 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25,030,000 after buying an additional 523,843 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Portland General Electric Company by 12.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,495,138 shares of the company’s stock valued at $148,857,000 after buying an additional 383,895 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Portland General Electric Company by 11.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,605,353 shares of the company’s stock valued at $110,962,000 after buying an additional 277,820 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Portland General Electric Company by 37.5% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 907,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $39,300,000 after buying an additional 247,400 shares during the period. Finally, Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Portland General Electric Company during the third quarter valued at about $9,729,000. 94.37% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR) opened at 45.00 on Monday. Portland General Electric Company has a 52-week low of $37.77 and a 52-week high of $46.05. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.00 billion, a PE ratio of 20.83 and a beta of 0.31. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $44.06 and its 200 day moving average is $42.95. Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 17th. The company reported $0.68 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.64 by $0.04. Portland General Electric Company had a net margin of 9.64% and a return on equity of 7.99%. The firm earned $524 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $529.73 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.57 earnings per share. Portland General Electric Company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Portland General Electric Company will post $2.26 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Investors of record on Monday, March 27th will be given a dividend of $0.32 per share. This represents a $1.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.84%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 23rd. Portland General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 62.44%. Your IP Address: POR has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Bank of America Corp cut shares of Portland General Electric Company from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $39.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Portland General Electric Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $44.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Portland General Electric Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, December 31st. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on shares of Portland General Electric Company from $39.00 to $41.00 and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Wolfe Research cut shares of Portland General Electric Company from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and four have assigned a hold rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Sell” and a consensus price target of $42.67. In related news, insider Maria M. Pope sold 10,838 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.07, for a total transaction of $477,630.66. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 11,425 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $503,499.75. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 0.47% of the company’s stock. Portland General Electric Company Company Profile Portland General Electric Company (PGE) is an electric utility company. The Company is engaged in the generation, wholesale purchase, transmission, distribution and retail sale of electricity in the state of Oregon. The Company also sells electricity and natural gas in the wholesale market to utilities, brokers and power marketers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding POR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR). Receive News & Ratings for Portland General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Portland General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBS This Morning What Fed rate hike means for consumers 60 Minutes - Entertainment New Kid on the Street 60 Minutes - Business You're Fired Newsmakers Fighting Famine CBS This Morning New info on London attack CBS This Morning Overnight raids after London attack CBS This Morning Investigation into London attack CBS This Morning GOP health care bill in jeopardy CBS This Morning New surveillance claims CBS This Morning Trump associates links to Russia? CBS This Morning JFK's fascination with Adolf Hitler CBS This Morning Stopping vehicle terror attacks CBS This Morning Closing the GOP health deal? CBS This Morning Gorsuch SCOTUS confirmation hearing CBS This Morning North Korea's latest missile test CBS This Morning Electronics ban on planes CBS This Morning Dramatic rescue in South CBS This Morning Fighting ISIS in western Mosul CBS This Morning Search for missing teen, ex-teacher CBS This Morning Cadillac subscription plan Health - Wednesday Tomb of Jesus restored CBS This Morning Rare color footage of Hoover family CBS This Morning Alphabet execs Schmidt & Rosenberg CBS This Morning #SunriseThisMorning photos CBS This Morning Sen. Graham on Judge Gorsuch CBS This Morning Matt Damon & Gary White on Water.org Health - Wednesday Clothing microfiber pollution Sunday Morning Remembering Chuck Berry Money 3 kinds of tax credits you could qualify for Money New rules could mean lower life insurance rates Money Most Americans die in debt -- $62K of it, on average Money Would the GOP health care plan increase out-of-pocket costs? Money Buying a home in 2017? Prepare for battle Money Sweet-spot cities for good pay and affordable homes Money David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Money Here's the cash buffer you need to survive Money Your wallet will suffer if this agency is gutted Money Not much saving going on in Health Savings Accounts Money Little-known tax credit can deliver a 60 percent return Money Trump's shift on auto-fuel rules hits more than your gas bill By Aimee Picchi MoneyWatch March 20, 2017, 6:00 AM Here's the cash buffer you need to survive Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email “Income volatility” and “unexpected expenses” are somewhat of an oxymoron -- they’ve become so commonplace it’s hard to consider them rare. The financial ups-and-downs of American families are prompting new research into how households cope with these swings, as well as how they affect those who are unprepared to handle a sudden hit. Family income and spending fluctuate by about 30 percent from month to month, which translates into an unplanned expense of $1,300 for middle-income households, according to research from the JPMorgan Chase Institute.  Such swings can wreak havoc on family budgets, especially for those without a lot of wiggle room. Financial advisers typically recommend that Americans sock away about six months of income in case of a job loss or other emergency, but considering that most adults can’t afford a $500 emergency expense, that’s likely to be out reach for many.  A smaller cash cushion can serve as a buffer for those times when a medical bill or dip in income stresses your budget, said Diana Farrell, chief executive officer of the JPMorgan Chase Institute. “You wouldn’t worry about it if it happened in a month where your income dips when you spend less, but they aren’t correlated,” Farrell said of income swings and expenses. “So we’re trying to understand how much cash you need in a buffer to cover that level of volatility.”  The everyday cash buffer necessary to weather income volatility and unexpected expenses, by age group and income.  JPMorgan Chase Institute JPMorgan’s research is based on de-identified data from Chase customers, and it includes samples ranging from 100,000 to 1 million customers. The data provides insights into how consumers actually earn and spend, compared with self-reported survey data, which can be inaccurate because it’s based on memory and expectations. The everyday cash buffer needed by families peaks between the ages of 35 to 44, when it reaches $2,400 for middle-income families.  The highest-income families -- those who earn more than $104,600 per year -- need their largest buffer when they’re between the ages of 35 to 54. At at that point, they should have $5,300 on hand to cover the typical ebbs and flows of income and expenses.  Interestingly, young workers start their careers with fairly similar needs for their cash buffers, the research found. The lowest-income workers should have $1,400 in their everyday cash buffer, compared with $2,700 for the highest-income workers in the 18 to 24 age group. But by the time workers reach old age, the dispersion is far wider.  The reason? Young workers have more similar expenses, partly because they’re relatively healthy as a group and are also finding their first jobs and apartments. Older Americans are much less alike, given a wider variety of health issues and living arrangements.  “The experience of old people is much more dispersed,” Farrell said. “You have more variety in expenses and in income than you would have in any other age group. If you think about the experiences of old age, some people live in homes with their children, some in retirement homes.” Play Video CBS Evening News Credit card agreements confusing customers The average American household has about $6,000 in credit card debt. Many people are getting hammered by high interest rates, partly because they... Farrell recommends that households keep their everyday cash buffer in a savings account. She said households should still aim to have an emergency savings account of the three to six months of income recommended by financial experts. Those assets could be kept in money market funds, certificates of deposit or other vehicles that are slightly less liquid than a bank account.  What happens if a household doesn’t have the assets on hand to cover an emergency expense or income dip? It’s not always pretty, according to the bank’s data.  An emergency medical expense typically sets a household back by $2,089, and most families are still feeling the impact 12 months later, with liquid assets about 2 percent lower and credit card debt 9 percent higher.   “People scramble to pull together whatever they can, but they don’t recover for at least a year after,” Farrell said. “For those who don’t have the ability to pay, they in fact go into medical debt.” While it may seem impossible to save even the cash buffer that JPMorgan recommends, fintech services have sprung up that aim to help consumers understand their month-to-month volatility and sock away a little extra money. Those include Earn, which is a nonprofit service for working families that provides incentives for saving $20 per month, and Meet Albert, which analyzes financial data to provide recommendations for saving money.  “Between taxes, deductions, overtime and bonuses,” said Farrell, “most people are bouncing around, but they don’t necessarily have an understanding of that.”  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Jobless claims jump but labor market stays strong Verizon, AT&T pull ads from Google over extremist videos Obamacare's uncertain future has hospitals on hold Live where Greta Garbo did in NYC, for $6 million Can Sears survive? Some experts are skeptical Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 10 homes you can buy for $500,000 5 cars that deliver the best value over 5 years 69348 Views 9 things to know about selling a home in spring 2017 2484 Views America's 11 highest paying careers in 2017 9 ways drones are changing real estate Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends 7 Inflation-Resistant High-Payout Stocks As inflation edges up, income investors should be aware of its effect on valuations. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography Updated March 18, 2017 1:22 a.m. ET For income investors, including those holding dividend-paying stocks, inflation can be a threat. That hasn’t been the case in recent years in the U.S., which has seen muted inflation, but it’s increasing. As of February, the consumer price index had risen 2.7% in the preceding 12 months, its fastest pace in five years. “We just haven’t... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gemfields PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gemfields PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Sprint Corp (S) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Gemfields PLC (GEM) PT Lowered to GBX 48 March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Gemfields PLC (LON:GEM) had its price target cut by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 53 ($0.65) to GBX 48 ($0.59) in a report released on Thursday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 5.21% from the stock’s current price. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Macquarie restated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 110 ($1.34) price target on shares of Gemfields PLC in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Peel Hunt raised their price target on Gemfields PLC from GBX 78 ($0.95) to GBX 93 ($1.14) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Panmure Gordon raised their price target on Gemfields PLC from GBX 61 ($0.75) to GBX 64 ($0.78) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. FinnCap reduced their price target on Gemfields PLC from GBX 100 ($1.22) to GBX 95 ($1.16) and set a “corporate” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 85 ($1.04) price target on shares of Gemfields PLC in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Gemfields PLC presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 77.75 ($0.95). Gemfields PLC (LON:GEM) opened at 45.3751 on Thursday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 247.72 million. Gemfields PLC has a one year low of GBX 31.00 and a one year high of GBX 57.50. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 46.37 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 48.03. Your IP Address: Gemfields PLC Company Profile Gemfields plc is a supplier of colored gemstones. The Company operates through five segments: Zambia, which includes emerald and beryl mining activities; Mozambique, which includes ruby and corundum mining activities; UK, which includes sales of cut and polished gemstones, marketing, technical and administrative services; Faberge, which includes wholesale and retail sales of jewelry and watches, and Other, which includes new projects and traded auctions. Receive News & Ratings for Gemfields PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gemfields PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cooper Tire & Rubber Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) Upgraded to “Overweight” by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research note released on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has $51.00 price target on the stock, up from their previous price target of $47.00. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. KeyCorp initiated coverage on Cooper Tire & Rubber Co in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. They issued an overweight rating for the company. Finally, FBR & Co reissued a positive rating and issued a $48.00 price objective on shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $39.80. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) opened at 43.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $39.20 and its 200-day moving average is $37.55. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co has a 1-year low of $29.29 and a 1-year high of $44.13. The stock has a market cap of $2.26 billion and a P/E ratio of 9.53. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, February 17th. The company reported $1.28 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.34. The company earned $783.89 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $767.36 million. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co had a return on equity of 23.13% and a net margin of 8.17%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.04 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Cooper Tire & Rubber Co will post $3.78 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be issued a dividend of $0.105 per share. This represents a $0.42 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.98%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 28th. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co’s dividend payout ratio is 9.86%. In other Cooper Tire & Rubber Co news, VP Stephen Zamansky sold 14,041 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.37, for a total transaction of $566,835.17. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 0.80% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Royce & Associates LP increased its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 156.4% in the fourth quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 1,860,142 shares of the company’s stock valued at $72,267,000 after buying an additional 1,134,598 shares in the last quarter. Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co during the third quarter valued at about $40,594,000. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $29,062,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 17.3% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,598,352 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,946,000 after buying an additional 382,459 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 90.3% in the third quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. now owns 719,513 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,356,000 after buying an additional 341,408 shares in the last quarter. 90.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Cooper Tire & Rubber Company is a manufacturer and marketer of replacement tires. The Company specializes in the design, manufacture, marketing and sales of passenger car, light truck, medium truck, motorcycle, and racing tires. The Company operates through four segments: North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia. Receive News & Ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Thursday, March 23, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search Chicago's 12 best new event spaces and party spots Could these promising possibilities lessen Chicago's pain? Like craft beer? You're in the right city If it seems like airline systems are down more often, it's because they are What will Zell do with $2.1 billion in cash? No one thinks the GOP health bill is a good idea for Illinois Here's exactly how not to reform Obamacare A sports museum for Chicago? A power struggle emerges within Tribune parent's boardroom Meet the local firm that signed off on Cat's tax plan × Chicago's 12 best new event spaces and party spots Could these promising possibilities lessen Chicago's pain? Like craft beer? You're in the right city If it seems like airline systems are down more often, it's because they are What will Zell do with $2.1 billion in cash? No one thinks the GOP health bill is a good idea for Illinois Here's exactly how not to reform Obamacare A sports museum for Chicago? A power struggle emerges within Tribune parent's boardroom Meet the local firm that signed off on Cat's tax plan × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move March 20, 2017 By: BROOKE SUTHERLAND Taking the pulse of GE Healthcare General Electric Co. doesn't like to be called a conglomerate and its frenzied pace of divestitures over the past few years has made the term less and less appropriate. But there's an outlier to its rediscovered industrial roots, and that's the health-care division, which is headquartered in Chicago. GE Healthcare is a massive business with about $18 billion in annual revenue. And it's a fairly good one, with leading market share in imaging, a growing life-sciences arm and intriguing digital possibilities around data-based health-care facility management and virtual-reality exams that can help improve diagnoses. It's just not very industrial, especially in the modern sense of the word.With Siemens AG, Danaher Corp. and Royal Philips NV taking steps to isolate their health-care businesses from more traditionally industrial operations, a number of analysts and investors have questioned whether GE needs to do the same. Just last week at a JPMorgan Chase & Co. conference, Richard Laxer, who heads up what remains of GE Capital, was asked how that business' equipment-financing strategy would change in the event health care is no longer part of the company's core industrial operations. Hint hint... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business It's kitchens only as the restaurant industry seeks to shake off property-driven expansions Clockjack Chicken has been among those leading the charge on delivery-only restaurants Credit: Rii Schroer Bradley Gerrard 20 March 2017 • 9:43pm Innovative young restaurant brands are shunning the conventional and costly growth strategy of multiple bricks-and-mortar sites in favour delivery-only kitchens and pop-up stands. The move is aimed at harnessing the rapidly growing trend of food-on-the-go and delivery meals and could signal the burgeoning of what is being dubbed the "restaurant-less restaurant". It is also a business-savvy way of swerving some of the increasingly punitive costs associated with a large physical estates and often leads to capital expenditure being more rapidly recouped. Clockjack Chicken was an early adopter of launching a delivery-only site. Co-founder Jerry Goldberg said he saw the food delivery market start to take off in 2013 and was one of the first restaurants to sign up to Deliveroo, dealing with orders from its Soho restaurant. But Mr Goldberg and his team soon realised the pressure the Soho restaurant’s kitchen staff were under dealing with in-house and takeaway orders as well as the negative effect on ambience a flurry of delivery drivers trapsing through the restaurant was having on diners. “When we started investigating this and found out more we decided it was attractive,” he said. “The property costs for a kitchen are significantly lower than a restaurant as you don’t have to have a prime location for a delivery site.” Michael Deacon's latest restaurant reviews Mr Goldberg said the rent on the basement kitchen the business has had near London’s Monument since June 2016 is a quarter of that of his Soho restaurant in spite of it being the same size. “The revenue potential was higher than Soho too because the restaurant is limited to 50 covers but the kitchen-only site could do twice or three times the revenue if the demand was there,” he added. Mr Goldberg said it would be difficult to open even one small restaurant for less than £500,000 whereas a delivery kitchen could be leased and fitted for around £100,000. Farmstand is another brand at the vanguard of this business model with only one of its 12 stands being a regular restaurant. The company signed a lease last year for a 2,000 square foot kitchen in Deptford which acts as the cooking hub from which all of its food is made and then sent to its desired locations. Farmstand's food is prepared at its kitchen-only site in Deptford and then sent to its stands Founder Steven Novick said much of his company’s growth had come from having stands located within third-party premises. This includes a stand once a week at JP Morgan’s Canary Wharf offices and by the end of the month a mini-stand in each of upmarket organic food store Planet Organic’s seven locations in London. The Deptford kitchen also deals with any orders the company receives through online delivery company Deliveroo and Seamless, which deals with corporate food orders. “I hope we see more of this,” Mr Novick said. “It is a capital-light and efficient model. I would like to see more brands doing it - being copied is the highest form of flattery. “With business rates going up it can be expensive for businesses to operate and you can get a lot of independents going out of business.” Mr Novick has also struck an agreement with PerformancePro gym in London’s Soho and expects to have a pop-up stand in JP Morgan’s Victoria Embankment office soon. Meatliquor has taken up a delivery-only site owned by Deliveroo He said such stands moved into profit - on an operating profit level - within 45 days and even the Covent Garden restaurant was earnings positive in its first three months, partly because the Deptford kitchen meant a smaller space was needed and so rent costs are less than they might have been with an on-site kitchen. The popularity of delivered food to homes and offices has caught many people’s attention but Clockjack’s Mr Goldberg said the vast majority of restaurants were still working out how to capitalise from it. “The supply side, that being restaurants, has not caught up with what delivery customers want,” he said. Clockjack Chicken adapted its menu to make it more delivery friendly, meaning it is not as simple as just deciding to deliver you dishes if you’re a restaurateur. Delivery-only restaurants have not been lost on one of food delivery’s giants, either. Deliveroo recently launched Roobox, a kitchen-only concept which allows restaurants it works with to take up a site to help them better deal with takeaway orders or test a concept in a less capital-intensive way. Compared | UberEats vs Deliveroo One chain to sign up to this recently was burger and chicken eatery Meatliquor, taking advantage of Deliveroo’s Roobox in Blackwall to help it better serve Canary Wharf’s thousands of office workers keen for hot food delivered to their desks and meetings. Peter Martin, vice-president of CGA Peach, a specialist data and insight business covering the eating and drinking market, said growth via pop-up stands and serving the delivery market were front of mind among the 250 food industry senior executives recently polled at an event his company hosted. “The industry as a whole sees it as a big opportunity,” he said. “It fits in with people’s changing lifestyle and so I think there’s more to come here.” Mr Martin cited the rise of pop-up restaurant locations, including Dinerama in London’s Shoreditch, which hosts nine young food and drink brands at any one time, as an example of the importance of flexible, temporary sites for young brands. Dinerama in London's Shoreditch is a home for pop-up stands “You could argue Dinerama is the biggest pub in London and it is being used by people to build a business,”  he said. He added even Transport for London saw the attraction of offering pop-up spaces to young restaurant brands having recently leased out its retail space in Old Street station to such businesses. While the delivery market is an attractive one, Bob Silk, part of the hospitality and leisure team at Barclays, said established brands with bricks-and-mortar sites needed to be wary about how they deal serving the take-away market. “For some it will work but for others there is a concern it could cannibalise sales because while delivery orders rise, on-site dining declines, and the former does not make quite as high a contribution towards a company’s fixed costs,” he said. The reason for this is, usually, the commission taken by delivery companies such as Deliveroo and Just Eat on takeaway orders made through their sites. 17 ridiculous restaurant menus from the Far East “But there will be new entrants to the delivery market and as it becomes more competitive for the likes of Deliveroo, it will be better for the average restaurant operator,” Mr Silk said. On delivery-only sites, Mr Silk acknowledged a scheme such as Roobox could be useful for a brand looking to expand to new towns and cities as it enables a company to test its concept in a capital light way. He added pop-ups were a proven route so establishing a presence and could be a springboard to having a prominent takeaway business or a retail presence. He cited the likes of Vietnamese chain Pho and Pizza Pilgrims, which started out in a van and now boasts six London sites. Clockjack’s Mr Goldberg said he intended to have more delivery-only sites to keep up with demand. “The rules have not been written - they are being written as we speak but customers are saying they want delivered restaurant food,” he said. “People are working out how to satisfy that demand and we have taken the bull by the horns. We are trying to be at the front of this as it is not a fad, it’s a long-term trend.” Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn READ MORE ABOUT: Retail and Consumer industry Deliveroo Show more Business latest 23 Mar 2017, 1:15pm City regulator reopens probe into Qatar's crisis-era rescue of Barclays 23 Mar 2017, 1:08pm Profits rise at construction group Kier despite fears of rising costs 23 Mar 2017, 12:40pm Eddie Stobart trucks back to the stock market with £550m Aim float 23 Mar 2017, 11:52am Twitter brings IBM's AI machine Watson on board to fight abuse 23 Mar 2017, 11:38am Exporters enjoying Brexit ‘sweet spot’ from weak pound, says Bank of England deputy Governor 23 Mar 2017, 10:00am Retail sales bounce back as British shoppers return to the high street 23 Mar 2017, 9:38am Next shares soar despite first drop in profits for eight years 23 Mar 2017, 9:29am When does the old £5 note expire and should you spend them now? 23 Mar 2017, 8:28am Ted Baker defies retail gloom with rising sales and profits 23 Mar 2017, 6:52am Questor: Anthony Bolton’s old trust has doubled in three years but the discount is still 14pc Premium 01:15 23 Mar 2017, 6:00am How the value of the pound affects you 23 Mar 2017, 6:00am Comment: American strategic decline is a myth Donald Trump continues to peddle Ambrose Evans-Pritchard Premium 23 Mar 2017, 12:01am First Utility branches into broadband as multi-utility market heats up 23 Mar 2017, 12:01am MPs warn system for preventing cyber attacks against banks needs to be overhauled in wake of Tesco hack 22 Mar 2017, 10:00pm Business that aims to make a lasting difference 22 Mar 2017, 9:00pm Comment: We must resist the temptation to intervene on energy prices  Stephen Littlechild Premium 22 Mar 2017, 9:00pm Government's pledge to cut energy prices risks leaving consumers worse off, ex-regulators warn 22 Mar 2017, 8:14pm Comment: Theresa May's Tories are the real centrists that a new age SDP could never defeat  Allister Heath Premium 22 Mar 2017, 6:57pm Comment: Kingfisher turnaround plan lost in translation Ashley Armstrong Premium 22 Mar 2017, 6:38pm Guardian to press ahead with compulsory redundancies for first time amid continued losses 22 Mar 2017, 6:28pm Pelvic floor exercise device maker Elvie receives £6m funding to launch more products If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esperion Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 2,600 Shares in UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC A.R.T. Advisors LLC Takes Position in Mantech International Corp (MANT) 7,500 Shares in ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 137,920 Shares of Harman International Industries Inc (HAR) Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Bonds Drop 1.5% During Trading FY2017 EPS Estimates for TESARO Inc Cut by Wedbush (TSRO) Valeura Energy Inc Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (VLE) New York State Teachers Retirement System Buys 200 Shares of Career Education Corp. (CECO) GoPro Inc (GPRO) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Citigroup Inc Guess?, Inc. (GES) Price Target Lowered to $12.00 at Telsey Advisory Group Quantum Capital Management Maintains Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) 25,815 Shares in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Acquired by Cpcm LLC Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC Lowers Stake in Celgene Co. (CELG) New York State Teachers Retirement System Increases Stake in KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Cintas Co. (CTAS) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Sunshine Bancorp Inc (SBCP) Coverage Initiated at Sandler O’Neill Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Has $295,000 Position in Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Employees Retirement System of Texas Has $33,731,000 Position in Visa Inc (V) Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Reaches New 1-Year High After Analyst Upgrade March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Shares of Esperion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ESPR) hit a new 52-week high during trading on Monday after Needham & Company raised their price target on the stock to $58.00. The company traded as high as $37.07 and last traded at $37.07, with a volume of 14,983,230 shares. The stock had previously closed at $23.67. A number of other analysts have also commented on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG raised Esperion Therapeutics from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday. Citigroup Inc set a $39.00 price target on Esperion Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised Esperion Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating and issued a $30.00 price target (up previously from $20.00) on shares of Esperion Therapeutics in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $28.24. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL bought a new position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at $242,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 27.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 181,400 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,512,000 after buying an additional 39,239 shares during the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 0.6% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 14,437 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $200,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the last quarter. BB Biotech AG increased its position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 29.7% in the third quarter. BB Biotech AG now owns 1,308,542 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $18,123,000 after buying an additional 300,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 54.9% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 40,220 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $504,000 after buying an additional 14,257 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 64.65% of the company’s stock. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $23.80 and its 200 day moving average is $15.00. The company’s market capitalization is $847.17 million. Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.29) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.24) by $0.05. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.58) earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Esperion Therapeutics Inc will post ($6.04) EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: About Esperion Therapeutics Esperion Therapeutics, Inc is a lipid management company. The Company is a late-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing once-daily, oral therapies for the treatment of patients with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). With a targeted mechanism of action, bempedoic acid, the Company’s lead product candidate, is an orally available, once-daily adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-citrate lyase (ACL) inhibitor that reduces cholesterol biosynthesis and lowers elevated levels of LDL-C by up-regulating the LDL receptor, but with reduced potential for muscle-related side effects. Receive News & Ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Landstar System Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Landstar System Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 2,098 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 3,278 Shares of Stock KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Director Karen A. Twitchell Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Curtis Darrell Bartlett Sells 16,834 Shares of Stock Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) SVP Jacob J. Schatz Sells 2,200 Shares of Stock PVH Corp (PVH) Releases FY18 Earnings Guidance Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CEO Marcus Ryu Sells 8,294 Shares of Stock Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research 3,700 Shares in Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Acquired by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tudor Investment Corp Et Al purchased a new stake in shares of Landstar System, Inc. (NASDAQ:LSTR) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm purchased 3,700 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $316,000. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in LSTR. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Landstar System by 9.1% in the third quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 2,970,180 shares of the company’s stock valued at $202,210,000 after buying an additional 247,642 shares during the period. FMR LLC raised its position in shares of Landstar System by 42.6% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 804,065 shares of the company’s stock valued at $68,587,000 after buying an additional 240,340 shares during the period. Martingale Asset Management L P raised its position in shares of Landstar System by 2,110.6% in the fourth quarter. Martingale Asset Management L P now owns 248,917 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,233,000 after buying an additional 237,657 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Landstar System by 19.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,241,402 shares of the company’s stock valued at $84,515,000 after buying an additional 202,690 shares during the period. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Landstar System during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $16,488,000. 99.73% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Landstar System, Inc. (NASDAQ:LSTR) opened at 85.30 on Monday. Landstar System, Inc. has a 12-month low of $62.38 and a 12-month high of $90.80. The stock has a market cap of $3.57 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.25 and a beta of 0.74. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $86.05 and a 200 day moving average price of $79.04. Landstar System (NASDAQ:LSTR) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.94 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.07. The company earned $893 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $830.16 million. Landstar System had a return on equity of 27.08% and a net margin of 4.34%. Landstar System’s revenue was up 5.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.88 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Landstar System, Inc. will post $3.47 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Monday, February 20th were given a dividend of $0.09 per share. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.42%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 15th. Landstar System’s payout ratio is 11.08%. Your IP Address: Several equities analysts have recently commented on LSTR shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Landstar System from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, November 25th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered Landstar System from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Cowen and Company upped their price target on Landstar System from $70.00 to $76.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $72.00 price target (up previously from $70.00) on shares of Landstar System in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Finally, KeyCorp raised Landstar System from a “sector weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.94. In other Landstar System news, CFO L Kevin Stout sold 5,448 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.65, for a total transaction of $466,621.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 30,397 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,603,503.05. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Company insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. Landstar System Company Profile Landstar System, Inc (Landstar) is an asset-light provider of integrated transportation management solutions. The Company offers services to its customers across multiple transportation modes, with the ability to arrange for individual shipments of freight to enterprise solutions to manage customer’s transportation needs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LSTR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Landstar System, Inc. (NASDAQ:LSTR). Receive News & Ratings for Landstar System Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Landstar System Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Affiliated Managers Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Affiliated Managers Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Norges Bank Takes Position in Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (NYSE:AMG) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor bought 356,869 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $51,853,000. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of Affiliated Managers Group by 9.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,380,265 shares of the company’s stock valued at $345,865,000 after buying an additional 206,539 shares during the period. Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C boosted its stake in shares of Affiliated Managers Group by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C now owns 1,913,190 shares of the company’s stock valued at $277,987,000 after buying an additional 24,133 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Affiliated Managers Group by 1.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,393,889 shares of the company’s stock valued at $201,696,000 after buying an additional 13,644 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Affiliated Managers Group by 3.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,252,544 shares of the company’s stock valued at $181,244,000 after buying an additional 36,345 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Affiliated Managers Group by 4.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 908,109 shares of the company’s stock valued at $131,403,000 after buying an additional 40,449 shares during the period. 98.85% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (NYSE:AMG) opened at 162.94 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $9.24 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.02 and a beta of 1.59. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $164.10 and its 200 day moving average price is $149.69. Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. has a one year low of $130.48 and a one year high of $179.85. Affiliated Managers Group (NYSE:AMG) last announced its earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The company reported $3.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $3.70 by $0.10. The company had revenue of $550.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $563.42 million. Affiliated Managers Group had a return on equity of 17.65% and a net margin of 21.48%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 6.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $3.61 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. will post $14.77 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, February 23rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 9th were given a $0.20 dividend. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.49%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 7th. Affiliated Managers Group’s payout ratio is 9.35%. Your IP Address: Several analysts have issued reports on AMG shares. Citigroup Inc dropped their target price on Affiliated Managers Group from $185.00 to $175.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Affiliated Managers Group in a research report on Saturday, December 10th. Zacks Investment Research cut Affiliated Managers Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Jefferies Group LLC increased their target price on Affiliated Managers Group from $191.00 to $195.00 and gave the company a “positive” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered Affiliated Managers Group from a “conviction-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $190.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $167.90. Affiliated Managers Group Company Profile Affiliated Managers Group, Inc is an asset management company with equity investments in boutique investment management firms (Affiliates). The Company is focused on investing in the boutique investment management firms globally, including traditional, alternative and wealth management firms, specializing in an array of active return-oriented investment strategies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AMG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (NYSE:AMG). Receive News & Ratings for Affiliated Managers Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Affiliated Managers Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Don't Miss: How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Sharky's true tales of Shark Tank Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Windows Server on ARM laptops is for Azure only The ultimate guide to strategic tech partners Vendor health check: Salesforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Vertical IT Retail IT IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? The Zen of Retail Tech By Evan Schuman, star Influencer, Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | Mar 20, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinion Chase's MCX tech buy will take time to pay off — time that it may never get MCX had to be a bargain for Chase, but a bargain is a bargain only if the value is greater than the cost, no matter how low that cost Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: JP Morgan Chase More like this Walmart Pay vs. Apple Pay: Hardware age dictates all Isis CTO accuses retailers of turning off NFC and smartcard payment tech Merchant sites open door to Visa fraud Video MWC 2017: Top phones get a new lease on life When JPMorgan Chase on March 10 acquired MCX’s payment technology to help with Chase Pay, it likely received a bargain. After all, it’s hard to envision an entity in a weaker negotiating position these days than MCX, which has already surrendered on delivering its own payment system. But a bargain is a bargain only if the value is greater than the cost, no matter how low that cost. The MCX technology is based on QR codes, and even Walmart’s Walmart Pay is struggling with the same issues that have routinely plagued not-so-easy-to-scan-the-first-time QR codes. But it’s not the technology that attracted Chase. It’s the customers that are already prepared to accept it as payment. The only thing that MCX did well was to corral some of the nation’s largest retailers into becoming members. Walmart led off, followed by Target, 7-Eleven, Kohl’s, ShopRite, Publix, Wendy’s, Wawa, CVS, Meijer, Michael’s, Dunkin’ Donuts, Lowe’s, Sunoco, Best Buy, Mobil and quite a few more. Granted, just because most of those chains were ready to accept MCX doesn’t mean they still are. But it’s a start, and the one thing that Chase Pay needs more than anything else right now is merchants accepting it. Apple was smart to launch Apple Pay only after it had a decent number of major brands willing to accept it for payments. Shoppers with the latest iPhones wanted to at least try this new NFC payment method. If they hadn't been able to find any local merchants that accepted it, the momentum would have been halted before it began. With Chase Pay, which launched about four months ago, many Chase shoppers across the country struggle to find any physical store where it is accepted. Its “available now” merchant list is short. It claims Best Buy and Starbucks, but it appears to be only at select stores, and calls to stores in several states couldn’t find one where it was accepted. To be precise, I couldn’t find one where a store associate — the people at the POS — thought they could accept Chase Pay. And without associate training and awareness, few customers will be able to successfully use it. Chase Pay also theoretically will be accepted at LevelUp merchants, but only in three cities: Dallas, Denver and Boston. Chase spokesperson Maribel Ferrer added in an email that "other places we have announced and are in different stages are Atom Tickets, Parkmobile, HMS Host, Shell, Phillips 66, Walmart, ShopRite and The Fresh Grocer stores — supermarkets that are part of the Wakefern cooperative." In other words, none of those places accept Chase Pay yet. Chase Pay also says that it is accepted on various online sites. But the value-add in online is very different. The advantage for the customer is mostly found using the payment method in-store. Online payments today are fairly effortless, especially after the initial setup. And therein lies the problem. Shoppers who saw the MCX technology announcement and thought it meant that they could suddenly use Chase Pay in that rich list of retail chains that were once active with MCX will find themselves disappointed. Oddly, Chase Pay doesn't even embrace all Chase cards. Limiting itself to every card issued from just Chase would be restrictive, but doable. Given that only some Chase payment cards are payment options for Chase Pay further limits its viability. Don't forget that shoppers want something as close to "one payment method for all merchants" as possible. Having to use Walmart Pay in Walmart and Target Pay in Target is bad enough, but using Chase Pay only for some of its payment cards is frustrating. To be fair, none of these payment options is effective today. Apple Pay accepts far more cards and is accepted at a decent sliver of merchants, but can only be used with one brand of phone — iPhones, and only iPhones new enough to support NFC. Walmart Pay will work on a far larger number of phones from any handset maker, merely requiring the ability to host apps and have a decent camera to shoot the QR code. But it's restricted to just one merchant. In theory, Chase Pay could deliver the best of both worlds, offering itself for almost all phones and all merchants who accept Chase payment cards. But I'd argue that it launched far too soon, long before it could deliver either — including even supporting all of its own payment cards. The ability to be accepted at that wonderful list of MCX member retailers is intriguing, but only on paper. Chase Pay may have the best potential today, but it also has the worst immediate reality. Given that it was announced last year, that's remarkably far from good. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Retail IT Mobile & Wireless Evan Schuman has covered IT issues for a lot longer than he'll ever admit. The founding editor of retail technology site StorefrontBacktalk, he's been a columnist for CBSNews.com, RetailWeek, Computerworld and eWeek. Evan can be reached at eschuman@thecontentfirm.com and he can be followed at twitter.com/eschuman. Follow Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources Benchmark Tool Sponsored BitSight Interactive Benchmark White Paper Connecting Financial Services' Hybrid IT Infrastructure Solution Center Sponsored Connect, Protect, and Manage Your Mobile Fleet Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Lake: Harnessing the Power of Unstructured Data White Paper Optimize Your Enterprise Data Warehouse with Hadoop Go Top Stories Wozniak on robots, design and Apple's origins More than 40 years after founding Apple Computer, Steve Wozniak has a lot to say about the early days... iPhone, Mac owners: How to stymie hackers threatening to wipe devices Hackers claiming to have hundreds of millions of iCloud credentials have threatened to wipe date from... Mingis on Tech: A dive into Windows 10 Creators Edition and the future of OSes Coming soon to a PC near you: Windows 10 Creators Edition. But what comes after that in the years ahead... Microsoft is playing Windows hardball Lucky us. Microsoft will no longer be supporting older Windows on newer processors. Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. It’s hard to be great when your computer isn’t Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inteliquent Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inteliquent Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Public Sector Pension Investment Board Has $550,000 Stake in Inteliquent Inc (IQNT) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Public Sector Pension Investment Board held its position in Inteliquent Inc (NASDAQ:IQNT) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 24,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Public Sector Pension Investment Board owned about 0.07% of Inteliquent worth $550,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Inteliquent by 8.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,541,459 shares of the company’s stock valued at $41,019,000 after buying an additional 196,105 shares in the last quarter. Intrust Bank NA acquired a new position in Inteliquent during the third quarter valued at $171,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Inteliquent by 2.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,264,913 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,416,000 after buying an additional 33,331 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in Inteliquent by 7.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 735,345 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,870,000 after buying an additional 52,675 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Inteliquent by 23.6% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 18,732 shares of the company’s stock valued at $302,000 after buying an additional 3,575 shares in the last quarter. 87.97% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Inteliquent Inc (NASDAQ:IQNT) opened at 22.90 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $22.90 and a 200 day moving average price of $20.76. Inteliquent Inc has a 52-week low of $14.56 and a 52-week high of $23.67. Your IP Address: Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut Inteliquent from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Inteliquent presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $22.67. Inteliquent Company Profile Inteliquent, Inc is a provider of voice telecommunications services primarily on a wholesale basis. The Company offers its services using an all-Internet Protocol (IP) network, which enables to deliver connectivity for a range of media, including voice, and data and video. The Company’s solutions enable carriers and other providers to deliver voice traffic or other services where they do not have their own network. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IQNT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Inteliquent Inc (NASDAQ:IQNT). Receive News & Ratings for Inteliquent Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inteliquent Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Two Harbors Investment Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Two Harbors Investment Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock State Street Corp Buys 107,660 Shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp (TWO) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp (NYSE:TWO) by 2.0% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 5,361,504 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 107,660 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Two Harbors Investment Corp were worth $46,750,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $28,407,000. Citadel Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp by 126.4% in the third quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC now owns 2,059,973 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $17,572,000 after buying an additional 1,149,912 shares in the last quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc raised its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp by 37.6% in the third quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc now owns 1,960,000 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $16,719,000 after buying an additional 535,600 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp by 30.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,244,717 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $19,147,000 after buying an additional 518,917 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp by 8.2% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 6,313,469 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $53,854,000 after buying an additional 478,897 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 70.02% of the company’s stock. Two Harbors Investment Corp (NYSE:TWO) opened at 9.63 on Monday. Two Harbors Investment Corp has a 52 week low of $7.56 and a 52 week high of $9.66. The stock has a market cap of $3.36 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.53 and a beta of 0.56. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $9.11 and a 200 day moving average price of $8.76. Two Harbors Investment Corp (NYSE:TWO) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.24. Two Harbors Investment Corp had a net margin of 55.77% and a return on equity of 9.19%. The company earned $112.87 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $104.14 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.20 earnings per share. Two Harbors Investment Corp’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Two Harbors Investment Corp will post $0.99 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 27th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.25 dividend. This represents a $1.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 10.38%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This is an increase from Two Harbors Investment Corp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.24. Two Harbors Investment Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 105.49%. Your IP Address: Several equities analysts recently weighed in on TWO shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Two Harbors Investment Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. FBR & Co restated a “hold” rating and issued a $9.00 price target on shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $9.54. In other Two Harbors Investment Corp news, CFO Brad Farrell sold 28,901 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.58, for a total value of $247,970.58. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 446,327 shares in the company, valued at $3,829,485.66. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Mary Kathryn Riskey sold 3,190 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.61, for a total transaction of $27,465.90. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 56,229 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $484,131.69. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 65,696 shares of company stock valued at $569,368 in the last 90 days. 0.96% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Two Harbors Investment Corp Company Profile Two Harbors Investment Corp. is a real estate investment trust. The Company is focused on investing in, financing and managing residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS), residential mortgage loans, mortgage servicing rights (MSR), commercial real estate and other financial assets. The Company’s target asset classes include Agency RMBS collateralized by fixed rate mortgage loans, adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) loans or hybrid mortgage loans, including mortgage pass-through certificates, collateralized mortgage obligations, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation gold certificates, the Federal National Mortgage Association certificates, the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae) certificates, to-be-announced forward contracts, and interest-only and inverse interest-only securities; Non-Agency RMBS, including both senior and mezzanine RMBS, and floating and fixed rate commercial real estate loans. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TWO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Two Harbors Investment Corp (NYSE:TWO). Receive News & Ratings for Two Harbors Investment Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Two Harbors Investment Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Thursday 23 March 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Finance & Capital Market   » Story Cunha (left) and Sattout celebrate the landmark transaction. Asar helps Kuwait set up debut $8bn issue KUWAIT, 3 days ago Al Ruwayeh & Partners (Asar), a leading corporate law firm said it had acted as law counsel to Kuwait, acting through the Ministry of Finance and represented by the Kuwait Investment Authority, for the establishment of its Global Medium Term Note (GMTN) Programme and Kuwait's inaugural dual-tranche $8-billion issuance. One of the region’s top tier law firms, Asar said the Notes were offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A and Regulation S and were admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange. According to Asar, the proceeds from the issuance will be utilized for Kuwait’s expected funding needs for this fiscal year. Citigroup Global Markets, HSBC Bank and JP Morgan Securities acted as the arrangers and joint lead managers, while Citigroup Global Markets, Deutsche Bank, London Branch, HSBC Bank, JP Morgan Securities, Standard Chartered Bank and Watani Investment Company (NBK Capital) acted as dealers. Clifford Chance advised Kuwait as to English law and United States law. Ibrahim Sattout, a partner at Asar, said: "We are delighted to have been involved in the establishment of Kuwait’s GMTN Programme and its dual-tranche inaugural issuance thereunder." "We have a long and established history of acting as Kuwait law counsel in high quality debt capital market transactions, and this sovereign bond issuance is no exception," he stated. John Cunha, a partner at Asar, dubbed it as a landmark transaction in Kuwait. "We are particularly happy to see that it was so well received by global investors. Asar has a long established history of acting on precedent setting bond issuance transactions and this current transaction is no exception," he observed. With dedicated offices in Kuwait and Bahrain coupled with its associated offices and relationships, Asar provides clients across an extensive range of industry sectors with bespoke, practical legal advice and support for their business activities in Kuwait, Bahrain, across the GCC and beyond. The firm has been consistently rated as the leading corporate and commercial law firm in Kuwait by reputable legal guides such as the International Financial Law Review (IFLR), Chambers Global Guide, and the Legal 500. In 2016, Asar was awarded with the IFLR National Law Firm of the Year Award; an award which Asar has been delighted to receive for the 8th consecutive year.-TradeArabia News Service Tags: Kuwait | issue | Asar | More Finance & Capital Market Stories Oman rating balances assets against oil reliance IDB urges adoption of its PPP model Falcon names new chairman, board members UAE’s Beehive enlists SRB for Sharia functions EFG Hermes concludes advisory on $105m IPO Bahraini firm eyes BMB stake Dubai Ruler launches UAE Centennial 2071 plan Euromoney to launch first Emirates Conference in Sharjah New CEO for Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia ADIB launches new class of branch DIFC issues public consultation on new companies law UAE personal loans increase to $95.27bn in Feb Lankan group secures $35m funding from ME banks Etisalat Academy hosts seminar on Blockchain technology UAE is new hub for entrepreneurs says report Alkhabeer Capital posts 6pc growth in net income Kuwait’s Warba Bank lists sukuk on Nasdaq Dubai Instability, oil price main concern for HNWIs PwC welcomes Jackson as region’s deals leader Insurance premiums set to grow in GCC: report Shaikh Ahmed named new GFH chairman Qinvest, ex-Barclays CEO to buy oldest UK stock broker Dubai Chamber to open India office in Mumbai Dubai non-oil foreign trade hits $347bn in 2016 Emirates NBD unit launches India equity fund Gulf sovereign Eurobonds to hit $33bn in 2017 UAE launches VAT, excise awareness sessions Sico UAE becomes Nasdaq Dubai member UAE non-oil exports hits $35bn in nine months FGB, NBAD directors discuss key merger issues Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Berkeley Group Holdings PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Monday. BKG has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Peel Hunt dropped their price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 4,580 ($56.00) to GBX 4,370 ($53.43) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Shore Capital restated a “hold” rating on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a research report on Friday. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 2,790 ($34.11) to GBX 3,175 ($38.82) and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,559 ($43.51) price target (down previously from GBX 3,876 ($47.39)) on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity boosted their price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 2,750 ($33.62) to GBX 3,170 ($38.76) and gave the stock a ” buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. Berkeley Group Holdings PLC presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 3,232.82 ($39.53). Shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG) opened at 3144.00 on Monday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 4.33 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 2,913.95 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 2,703.44. Berkeley Group Holdings PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 2,015.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 3,390.00. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 24th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be paid a GBX 85.24 ($1.04) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a dividend yield of 2.96%. Your IP Address: Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Company Profile The Berkeley Group Holdings plc is a holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in residential-led, mixed-use property development. Its segments include Residential-led mixed-use development and Other activities. Its brands include Berkeley, which creates medium to large-scale developments in towns, cities and the countryside, encompassing executive homes, mixed use schemes, riverside apartments, refurbished historic buildings and urban loft spaces; St George, which is involved in mixed use sustainable regeneration in London; St James, which handles projects that embrace private residential development, commercial property, recreational and community facilities; St Edward, which offers residentially led developments, and St William. Receive News & Ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Alimentation Couche Tard Inc (ATD.B) PT Lowered to C$76.00 at Scotiabank Next » Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) PT Lowered to C$62.00 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Mon, Mar 20 2017. 01 00 PM IST World’s biggest hedge fund joins pivot to local emerging bonds Local debt has turned a corner this year, providing more than double the returns of dollar-denominated developing-country bonds Subscribe to our newsletter. Lianting TuCarrie HongNarae Kim Investors have pumped $4.5 billion into domestic debt this year, EPFR Global data show, as they look past the threat of US policy tightening and President Donald Trump’s protectionist rhetoric. Photo: Reuters Hong Kong: The world’s largest publicly traded hedge fund is finding better value in local-currency bonds compared with their hard-currency equivalents, which have become a crowded trade. Local debt has turned a corner in 2017, providing more than double the returns of dollar-denominated developing-country bonds after delivering losses over the past three years, Bloomberg Barclays indexes show. “On the hard currency side, we think there is a lot of complacency,” said Lisa Chua, portfolio manager for emerging-market debt for Man GLG, a unit of London-based Man Group. “On the local-currency side, medium term we think there is value there. We think a lot of risk around Trump has been priced in over the medium term.” Man Group joins BNP Paribas Investment Partners and JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s private bank division in turning bullish on local-currency credit. Investors have pumped $4.5 billion into domestic debt this year, EPFR Global data show, as they look past the threat of US policy tightening and President Donald Trump’s protectionist rhetoric. Overseas funds have rapidly boosted their overweight positions in Brazil and Russia the past six months amid gradual gains for Indonesia, according to a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. survey. Analysts are forecasting gains for more than half of the emerging-market currencies tracked by Bloomberg by the end of this year, and BNP Paribas Investment Partners also predicts the dollar will depreciate against most of the developing-nation currencies in 2017. The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark lending rate a quarter percentage point last week, without accelerating the timetable for future increases. The “Fed’s rates hikes are already priced in, so there’s no additional strength for the dollar, and emerging-market currencies look very cheap at the moment,” said Jean-Charles Sambor, deputy head of emerging-market fixed income at BNP Paribas Investment Partners. “The bull run of the dollar for the last couple of years—this trend might have been over at the end of 2016.” In Asia, BNP Paribas Investment Partners likes Indonesian and Indian local sovereign credits, as well as some local-currency bonds from banks or quasi sovereigns, such as in Russia. Sambor also expects Brazil’s real and the Mexican peso will appreciate further and lure inflows into those markets in the longer run. “EM has been sold off for many years and people have very light positions on EM bonds,” Ben Sy, head of fixed income, currencies and commodities at JPMorgan’s private-banking unit in Asia. “I am sure some funds will go to local currency because it is still one of the less crowded asset classes and the carry is still very decent.” Bloomberg Lianting TuCarrie HongNarae Kim Topics: bonds hedge funds Donald Trump Federal Reserve More From Livemint READ MORE Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade First Published: Mon, Mar 20 2017. 01 00 PM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Man Group Joins Pivot to Local-Currency Emerging Market Debt by Lianting Tu More stories by Lianting Tu , Carrie Hong More stories by Carrie Hong , and Narae Kim @nkim132 More stories by Narae Kim March 20, 2017, 1:24 AM EDT March 20, 2017, 6:18 AM EDT Trump risk priced in to developing-nation debt: Man Group BNP Paribas Investment likes Indonesian and Indian notes When it comes to emerging-market sovereign debt, Man Group Plc is going local. The world’s largest publicly traded hedge fund is finding better value in local-currency bonds compared with their hard-currency equivalents, which have become a crowded trade. Local debt has turned a corner in 2017, providing more than double the returns of dollar-denominated developing-country bonds after delivering losses over the past three years, Bloomberg Barclays indexes show. “On the hard currency side, we think there is a lot of complacency,” said Lisa Chua, portfolio manager for emerging-market debt for Man GLG, a unit of London-based Man Group. “On the local-currency side, medium term we think there is value there. We think a lot of risk around Trump has been priced in over the medium term.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Man Group joins BNP Paribas Investment Partners and JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s private bank division in turning bullish on local-currency credit. Investors have pumped $4.5 billion into domestic debt this year, EPFR Global data show, as they look past the threat of U.S. policy tightening and President Donald Trump’s protectionist rhetoric. Overseas funds have rapidly boosted their overweight positions in Brazil and Russia the past six months amid gradual gains for Indonesia, according to a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. survey.   Analysts are forecasting gains for more than half of the emerging-market currencies tracked by Bloomberg by the end of this year, and BNP Paribas Investment Partners also predicts the dollar will depreciate against most of the developing-nation currencies in 2017. The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark lending rate a quarter percentage point last week, without accelerating the timetable for future increases. The “Fed’s rates hikes are already priced in, so there’s no additional strength for the dollar, and emerging-market currencies look very cheap at the moment,” said Jean-Charles Sambor, deputy head of emerging-market fixed income at BNP Paribas Investment Partners. “The bull run of the dollar for the last couple of years -- this trend might have been over at the end of 2016.” In Asia, BNP Paribas Investment Partners likes Indonesian and Indian local sovereign credits, as well as some local-currency bonds from banks or quasi sovereigns, such as in Russia. Sambor also expects Brazil’s real and the Mexican peso will appreciate further and lure inflows into those markets in the longer run. He believes the risk of the Fed being seen as hawkish is limited. On China, the world’s biggest emerging market, Man Group’s Chua expects the nation’s currency “will probably need to continue to depreciate,” but it’s unlikely to be extreme. “EM has been sold off for many years and people have very light positions on EM bonds,” Ben Sy, head of fixed income, currencies and commodities at JPMorgan’s private-banking unit in Asia. “I am sure some funds will go to local currency because it is still one of the less crowded asset classes and the carry is still very decent.” (Updates with Sambor’s view on the Fed in seventh paragraph.) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help

SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Brazilian airline Azul sets IPO pricing terms March 17, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Brazilian airline Azul has priced its IPO of 72 million shares at between $18.02 and $21.81 per share. Azul plans on listing the stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “AZUL.” Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Bradesco Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James & Associates Inc and Santander Investment Securities Inc will serve international underwriters. Azul’s backers include include TPG Growth. PRESS RELEASE SÃO PAULO –(BUSINESS WIRE) Azul S.A., or Azul, announced today that it has commenced an initial public offering pursuant to which Azul is offering 63,000,000 preferred shares and certain selling shareholders are offering 9,000,000 preferred shares, for a total of 72,000,000 preferred shares, in a global offering consisting of (i) an offering of preferred shares in Brazil by the Brazilian underwriters, and (ii) a concurrent international offering of preferred shares, including in the form of American depositary shares, or ADSs, in the United States and elsewhere outside of Brazil by the international underwriters. Each ADS represents three preferred shares. The selling shareholders intend to grant the international underwriters and Brazilian underwriters an option to purchase for a period of 30 days beginning on the date hereof up to the first day of trading of the preferred shares on the BM&FBOVESPA for 10,800,000 additional preferred shares at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discount to cover options to purchase additional preferred shares. The total amount of preferred shares offered in the global offering, including preferred shares represented by ADSs (but excluding preferred shares that may be sold pursuant to the underwriters’ option described above), may be increased by up to 20%, representing 14,400,000 additional preferred shares, including in the form of ADSs to be sold by the selling shareholders upon the agreement of the selling shareholders, Brazilian underwriters and the international underwriters. We anticipate that the initial public offering price will be between R$19.00 and R$23.00 per preferred share and between US$18.02 and US$21.81 per ADS, calculated at the exchange rate of R$3.1636 per US$1.00 at March 14, 2017. The international offering is made in the United States pursuant to registration statements filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Preferred shares are being offered in Brazil in a public offering expected to be authorized by the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários). The closings of the international and Brazilian offerings are conditioned upon each other. Application has been made to list the ADSs on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “AZUL” and to list the preferred shares on the Level 2 (Nível 2) segment of the São Paulo Stock Exchange (BM&FBOVESPA S.A.—Bolsa de Valores Mercadorias e Futuros) under the symbol “AZUL4.” Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Bradesco Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Santander Investment Securities Inc., will collectively act as international underwriters with respect to the offering of the ADSs and, together with Safra Securities LLC, as agents on behalf of the Brazilian underwriters with respect to the offering of preferred shares sold outside of Brazil not in the form of ADSs. A copy of the preliminary prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: +1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free); Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, by telephone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at [email protected] ; and Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Attention: Steven M. Hurwitz, 767 Fifth Avenue 50th Floor, New York, NY 10153, by telephone at + 1 (212) 710-6734, or by email at [email protected] Banco Itaú BBA S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Brasil, Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., Deutsche Bank S.A. – Banco Alemão, BB – Banco de Investimento S.A., Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Banco J.P. Morgan S.A., Banco J. Safra S.A. and Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. will act collectively as Brazilian underwriters with respect to the sale of preferred shares in the public offering in Brazil. About Azul Azul is the largest airline in Brazil in terms of departures and cities served, with 784 daily departures serving 102 destinations, creating a network of 203 non-stop routes as of December 31, 2016. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, BBH Capital, Morgan Stanley are hiring by Eamon Murphy Sealed Air nears sale of Diversey Care to Bain Capital, say sources: Reuters by Reuters News B Capital hires five and promotes one by Iris Dorbian CD&R-backed Brand and Odyssey-backed Safway to merge by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: IAC, StepStone, Barings are hiring by Eamon Murphy Flow raises $13 mln from Bain Capital Ventures by Luisa Beltran Platinum Equity to acquire Staples’ Australia and New Zealand business by Iris Dorbian Marlin Equity racks up $3.25 bln for two funds by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China's HNA Is Buying a NYC Office Tower for $2.21 Billion by David M Levitt @dmlevitt More stories by David M Levitt March 20, 2017, 7:48 PM EDT Purchase of 245 Park Ave. would be one of Manhattan’s priciest Sellers are Brookfield Property, New York teachers pension Chinese conglomerate HNA Group Co. is leading a deal to acquire Manhattan’s 245 Park Ave. for $2.21 billion, one of the highest prices ever paid for a New York skyscraper, two people with knowledge of the negotiations said. HNA may be involved with at least one partner on the purchase, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the transaction is private. The 1.7 million-square-foot (158,000-square-meter) office tower, with tenants including JPMorgan Chase & Co., is being sold by Brookfield Property Partners LP and its 49 percent partner in the property, the New York State Teachers’ Retirement System. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The deal, should it be completed, would bring Chinese ownership to the heart of midtown Manhattan’s financial core: the towers just north of Grand Central Terminal along Park Avenue. JPMorgan’s principal executive office is at 270 Park, diagonally across East 47th Street from 245 Park. Three blocks to the north is the Waldorf Astoria hotel, which China’s Anbang Insurance Group Co., acquired for $1.95 billion in 2015 and is now converting to mostly condominiums. Clement Wei, a spokesman for HNA, didn’t immediately reply to an email sent before regular business hours in Haikou, where the company is based. HNA has made a string of acquisitions lately, totaling more than $30 billion since last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Its targets have included hotel operator Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., technology company Ingram Micro Inc., asset manager SkyBridge Capital and earlier this month the company that runs Caijing magazine’s website. The 245 Park Ave. purchase was reported earlier Monday on the website of The Real Deal, a publication that covers New York real estate. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe What the Biggest Banks Are Planning Once Brexit Starts by Gavin Finch @GavinFinchBBG More stories by Gavin Finch March 20, 2017, 8:01 PM EDT Frankfurt, Dublin favorites for U.K.-based banks after Brexit Firms steeling for no access to EU market once U.K. leaves Banks Plan Post-Brexit Employee Re-Deployment Big investment banks will begin the process of moving some London-based operations into new hubs inside the European Union within weeks after U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May set a date to trigger the formal mechanism for quitting the bloc. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners. Bank of America Corp., Standard Chartered Plc and Barclays Plc are considering Ireland’s capital for their EU base to ensure continued access to the single market, said people familiar with the plans, asking not to be named because the plans aren’t public. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc. are among banks eyeing Frankfurt, other people said. With banks increasingly expecting a so-called hard Brexit -- the loss of their right to sell services freely around the EU from London -- executives want to have new or expanded offices up and running inside the bloc before the U.K. departs in 2019. Frankfurt is a natural pick given a financial ecosystem featuring Deutsche Bank AG, the European Central Bank and BaFin. Dublin shares similar laws and regulations as its U.K. neighbor and is the only other English-speaking hub in the EU. May will file divorce papers to leave the EU on March 29, launching two years of complex negotiations that will pit the U.K.’s need for a trade deal against the bloc’s view that Britain shouldn’t benefit from Brexit. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and 20,000 roles in financial services as clients move 1.8 trillion euros ($1.9 trillion) of assets out of the U.K. after Brexit, according to think tank Bruegel. Other estimates range from as much as 232,000 jobs to as few as 4,000. Bloomberg News conducted interviews and reviewed public statements to discover what each major bank is planning. Bank of America  Bank of America views Dublin as its default destination for a new EU hub if the U.K. loses easy access to the single market, one of the firm’s top executives in Germany said earlier this month. The bank will likely move some jobs to other cities across the region, including Frankfurt, Madrid, Luxembourg and Amsterdam, said Nikolaus Naerger, Bank of America’s head of corporate banking in Germany, Switzerland and Austria. No final decisions have been made. "You’ve got to get your legal entity structure correct so you can operate in two different environments: one inside the U.K. and one outside,” Bank of America President Brian Moynihan said in Davos, Switzerland, in January. “We already have a lot of that structure set up. Then you have to start to think about where locations are." Goldman Sachs The Wall Street firm is considering making Frankfurt its hub inside the EU and could move as many as 1,000 employees, including traders and senior managers, according to a person familiar with the matter. Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein has publicly said the bank has shelved plans to move more key operations to the U.K. Read more: Will Brexit trigger exodus of banks from London? -- Q&A Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up “We were on track to move more and more of our global activities, so global ops, global tech -- all those things made more and more sense to operate out of the U.K.,” because of the time zone, Blankfein said in a Bloomberg interview in Davos. “Now, we’re slowing down that decision, and only moving there what we have to move there. We don’t value doing things twice; moving them there and then moving them away from there.” JPMorgan JPMorgan Chase & Co. has scouted for office space in both Dublin and Frankfurt, people with knowledge of the matter said this month. Before the referendum, CEO Jamie Dimon said as many as 4,000 of its 16,000 U.K. employees could be moved to the continent after Brexit. “We have to accommodate the laws of the land in both Britain and the EU, and that will determine how many jobs and how many people you have to move,” Dimon said in January. “It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for.” UBS Chairman Axel Weber said this month that the bank will make a final decision on whether to move as many as 1,500 of about 5,000 U.K. investment banking staff soon after Brexit is triggered. “Yes, we will have to move bankers -- we have an SE in Frankfurt, we have an appropriate setup in Spain,” Andrea Orcel, head of UBS Group AG’s investment bank, said in Davos, referring to the Swiss bank’s German subsidiary, which is licensed to do investment banking. “We still have flexibility to decide where to go, but we will definitely have to move.” HSBC HSBC Holdings Plc CEO Stuart Gulliver said in January that staff generating about 20 percent of its London investment-banking revenue may move to Paris, where it acquired a French commercial bank more than a decade ago. “Activities specifically covered by EU legislation will move,” he said. Before the June referendum, Gulliver said a Brexit vote would likely result in about 1,000 of the bank’s 5,000 London-based staff relocating to the French capital. Barclays The U.K. bank has settled on Dublin for its main hub inside the EU and is planning to add about 150 staff there, people with knowledge of the decision said earlier this year. Barclays CEO Jes Staley has struck a different tone to other bank bosses. He said in Davos that it would be “very difficult” to dislodge a financial center like London. If needed, Barclays may reassign its Frankfurt branch to its Irish subsidiary, he said. “Same people, same traders, you have to book a trade in Ireland as opposed to London, but that’s not a wholesale move of our capability from London to Ireland,” he said. Standard Chartered The bank approached Irish officials about making Dublin its legal base inside the EU, people familiar with the discussions said in December. No final decision has been taken, and the firm is also in talks with Germany’s regulator about choosing Frankfurt. Citigroup Citigroup is evaluating locations for parts of its London broker-dealer business, including Ireland, Spain, Italy, Germany, France, and the Netherlands, Jim Cowles, the bank’s top executive for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said at a conference in Dublin on Jan. 24. Cowles said he expected the bank would make a final decision by the end of the first half. Bloomberg News reported in November that the firm was in discussions with BaFin about moving some of its London-based equity and interest-rate derivatives traders to Frankfurt. Citigroup is also in discussions with the ECB and regulators in EU nations including Ireland about relocating other parts of its operations. Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is scouting for office space in Frankfurt and Dublin for their enlarged EU hub, people with knowledge the matter said in February. The bank may initially move about 300 workers to one of the cities. Before the vote, Bloomberg News reported that the firm would likely move 1,000 of about 6,000 U.K. employees out of the country in the event of Brexit. Morgan Stanley President Colm Kelleher said the firm would likely move its local headquarters to Dublin or Frankfurt. Morgan Stanley executives said New York would likely be the big winner from Brexit as U.S. firms would probably allocate headcount away from Europe altogether. Daiwa Daiwa Securities Group Inc. CEO Takashi Hibino said the Japanese brokerage is considering Frankfurt and Dublin among candidate cities to host European operations it moves out of London. The firm, the majority of whose 450 European staff work in London, has yet to establish a licensed entity in the EU, and is running simulations with consultants. Lloyds Banking Group The U.K. bank plans to convert its Berlin branch into a subsidiary, making that its base inside the EU, a person with knowledge of the matter said last month. A small number of people would move from London. The bank has yet to apply for an extension of its German banking licence. Credit Suisse Credit Suisse is exploring options for expanding in Dublin after Brexit, two people with knowledge of their plans said in January. Chief Financial Officer David Mathers said in February that losing access to the EU would endanger 10 percent to 15 percent of income at its two U.K. subsidiaries, which have a revenue base of $4 billion to $5 billion. Bank of China Bank of China Ltd. is in talks with Irish officials about potentially moving some of its U.K. operations to the country after Brexit, Ireland’s Sunday Independent newspaper reported in January. Sumitomo Mitsui Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. is also eyeing moving some of its U.K. employees to Ireland and has held a series of meetings with local regulators, the Sunday Independent reported. Mitsubishi UFJ Japan’s biggest bank is increasing the size of its Amsterdam office, though the lender has yet to decide on where to base its securities operation after Brexit, Bloomberg reported earlier this month. Mizuho Mizuho Financial Group Inc. is considering Amsterdam and Dublin among potential locations to base its brokerage unit if it’s impacted by a “heavy Brexit,” President Yasuhiro Sato said in January. Mizuho changed the name of its Netherlands unit to Mizuho Bank Europe on Jan. 1, reflecting its role as a subsidiary overseeing a number of countries in the region, including Belgium, Austria and Spain. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper China's HNA said in US$2.21b deal to buy New York office tower The lower Manhattan skyline on a cloudy day as seen from the borough of Brooklyn in New York City. PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedMar 21, 2017, 8:34 am SGT UpdatedMar 21, 2017, 9:05 am More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/477a Copy NEW YORK (BLOOMBERG) - Chinese conglomerate HNA Group is leading a deal to acquire Manhattan's 245 Park Ave for US$2.21 billion (S$3.09 billion), one of the highest prices ever paid for a New York skyscraper, two people with knowledge of the negotiations said. HNA may be involved with at least one partner on the purchase, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the transaction is private. The 1.7 million-square-foot (158,000-square-metre) office tower, with tenants including JPMorgan Chase & Co, is being sold by Brookfield Property Partners and its 49 per cent partner in the property, the New York State Teachers' Retirement System. The deal, should it be completed, would bring Chinese ownership to the heart of midtown Manhattan's financial core: the towers just north of Grand Central Terminal along Park Avenue. JPMorgan's principal executive office is at 270 Park, diagonally across East 47th Street from 245 Park. Three blocks to the north is the Waldorf Astoria hotel, which China's Anbang Insurance Group, acquired for US$1.95 billion in 2015 and is now converting to mostly condominiums. HNA has made a string of acquisitions lately, totaling more than US$30 billion since last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Its targets have included hotel operator Hilton Worldwide Holdings, technology company Ingram Micro, asset manager SkyBridge Capital and earlier this month the company that runs Caijing magazine's website. The 245 Park Ave purchase was reported earlier Monday on the website of The Real Deal, a publication that covers New York real estate. Topics:  NEW YORK PROPERTY INVESTMENTS CHINA More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/477a Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles suo_st-nr_300x200.jpg Connected city fringe living cc_a125543_2017mar08_300x200_article2.jpg 5 reasons to drive a hybrid car in Singapore Shopping Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Rehoming Your Preloved Items? Come To Qsquare market Now! Check Out Super Sales @ Qsquare Market Now! Road Safety Is #1 Important! Get Car Camera Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Instructure Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Instructure Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Instructure Inc (INST) EVP Marc T. Maloy Sells 2,000 Shares Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Instructure Inc (NYSE:INST) EVP Marc T. Maloy sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.03, for a total transaction of $50,060.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 11,614 shares in the company, valued at $290,698.42. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Shares of Instructure Inc (NYSE:INST) traded up 0.20% on Monday, hitting $25.05. 197,500 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $23.10 and a 200 day moving average price of $22.33. The firm’s market cap is $717.88 million. Instructure Inc has a 52-week low of $16.03 and a 52-week high of $26.92. Instructure (NYSE:INST) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported ($0.35) EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.43) by $0.08. Instructure had a negative return on equity of 208.06% and a negative net margin of 48.31%. The company had revenue of $31.55 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $30.77 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.43) EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 44.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Instructure Inc will post ($1.31) EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in Instructure by 8.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 237,260 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,020,000 after buying an additional 18,950 shares in the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. acquired a new position in Instructure during the third quarter worth approximately $110,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Instructure by 16.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,806,228 shares of the company’s stock worth $45,825,000 after buying an additional 260,990 shares in the last quarter. Monashee Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in Instructure during the third quarter worth approximately $507,000. Finally, Ardsley Advisory Partners acquired a new position in Instructure during the third quarter worth approximately $5,226,000. 50.60% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. A number of brokerages have commented on INST. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Instructure from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Needham & Company LLC upgraded shares of Instructure from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $28.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded shares of Instructure from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and increased their price target for the company from $28.00 to $29.00 in a research report on Thursday. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $27.00 price target on shares of Instructure in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $27.33. About Instructure Instructure, Inc provides cloud-based learning management platform for academic institutions and companies across the world. The Company operates in the cloud-based learning management systems segment. The Company builds its learning management applications, Canvas for the education market and Bridge for the corporate market, to enable its customers to develop, deliver and manage face-to-face and online learning experiences. Receive News & Ratings for Instructure Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Instructure Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) CFO Sells $396,000.00 in Stock Next » Insider Selling: Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Director Sells 744 Shares of Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Hello, Friends, Right now as we start our annual NCPR Spring Fundraiser, Congress is reviewing the President's budget which includes the elimination of federal funding for public media. If you're one of the people who understands not only how essential NCPR is to our region, but also the importance of federal investment in America's public media, we need you to please do two things to help out: Make a donation to NCPR and help us reach our Spring Fundraiser goal Learn more about how you can weigh in on federal funding for public media These two simple acts CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE. You can help ensure that NCPR and public media are here to stay. Thank you so much for your support, Bill Haenel, Director of Digital Services Please help public radio now - it's time to give! Donate Now So far we've raised $66,189 of our $300,000 goal! Podcasts Schedule LISTEN LISTEN On now: Loading program data... News Latest News NCPR Special Series NCPR News Blog: Inbox The Eight O'Clock Hour Shows Music Topics Agriculture Crime and Punishment Economic and Business Education Environmental News Food and Hunger Gardening Health History of the Region Homefront: Fort Drum Immigration Music & Arts Outdoor Recreation Politics and Government Science & Technology The First 100 Days UpNorth Gallery of Art More Support NCPR Today's Photo Weather Calendar Listen Live NCPR News Blog: Inbox NCPR Variety Blog: All In About NCPR DONATE news from npr News: RSS Email Podcast Help us keep public radio strong in the North Country. NCPR is supported by your donations. We've raised $66,189 of our $300,000 goal! The Two-Way David Rockefeller — Philanthropist, Banker And Collector — Dies At 101 The grandson of an oil baron, Rockefeller made his own name as the chief of Chase... by Colin Dwyer David Rockefeller, then chairman of Chase Manhattan Bank, speaks at the Chase Investment Forum in London in 1963. Mar, 20 2017 — — David Rockefeller, who died Monday morning at the age of 101, leaves a legacy that eludes a simple description. At once the grandchild and heir of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller and a globe-trotting billionaire banker in his own right, Rockefeller also earned a reputation as a prodigious patron of the arts. Rockefeller died of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, N.Y., family spokesman Fraser P. Seitel confirmed to NPR. In a statement released Monday, former President George W. Bush commended Rockefeller as "one of the most generous philanthropists — and brightest Points of Light — whose caring and commitment to the widest range of worthy causes touched and lifted innumerable lives." "David's Bank" At the time of his death, Forbes estimates, Rockefeller's net worth was $3.3 billion — a fortune he inherited and built upon as a longtime executive at Chase Manhattan Bank. For roughly two decades, according to the family's statement, Rockefeller occupied the lofty heights of the bank's management — serving as chairman of the board and co-chief executive beginning in 1961 and ultimately taking the reins as sole CEO in 1969. He would eventually step down from that position in 1980, retiring entirely about a year later. During that time, Rockefeller's leadership — and internationally oriented policies — became synonymous with Chase Manhattan, an institution so shaped by his reputation and vision it was occasionally tagged with the moniker "David's Bank." As Reuters reports, that could be a double-edged sword: "Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co." "From 1974 to 1976 its earnings fell 36 percent, while those of its biggest rivals — Bank of America, Citibank, Manufacturers Hanover and J.P. Morgan — rose 12 to 31 percent," the New York Times notes, adding that a scandal in the mid-1970s led the Federal Reserve and the comptroller to term Chase a "problem" bank. Rockefeller took an intensive interest in foreign relations during this time — again, for better and for worse. His frequent meetings with world leaders helped Chase Manhattan "become the first American bank with operations in those countries," says the Times. As he told NPR's Scott Simon in 2002, he even debated Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev on the merits of capitalism in the mid-1960s. "It was quite fascinating," Rockefeller recalled. "We went at one another with strong views each on our own side, yet throughout I think we did respect one another and it was never a hostile debate." At the same time, he earned his fair share of bad press for meeting with dictators such as Iraq's Saddam Hussein, Chile's Augusto Pinochet and Cuba's Fidel Castro. In fact, it was partly on the basis of his and former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger's urging that President Jimmy Carter allowed the deposed Shah of Iran to enter the U.S. for medical treatment in 1979 — a decision that Bloomberg reports led to "the seizure of American hostages in Tehran from 1979 to 1981." Still, Rockefeller retained the respect of politicians from both sides of the U.S. political spectrum. As the Times reports, both Carter and President Richard Nixon asked him to serve as their Treasury secretary. He turned down both offers. He "would like to be thought of as having seen that there was an important role for the private sector in world affairs and cooperating with governments for the benefit of both sides," Rockefeller told the Times in 1995. "Other things which ... bring much greater satisfaction" Despite his long tenure at the top of the banking world, Rockefeller crafted a legacy as much from his philanthropy as from his time in the office. To say that Rockefeller was well off while growing up would be a remarkable understatement. In his 2002 memoir, the first such autobiography to be published by a member of his family, Rockefeller recounted a gilded youth — one in which he delivered food to the poor with the help of a chauffeur, roller-skated along Fifth Avenue tailed by a limousine in case he should grow tired, and attended dinner with a father and mother who ate every night in their formal wear. But he said he also aimed to emulate aspects of his grandfather, the founder of Standard Oil — a man who "along with Andrew Carnegie, [was] the father of philanthropy in this country," he told NPR — and his mother, Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, who helped found New York City's Museum of Modern Art. David Rockefeller gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, Reuters reports, and in 2010 he declared he would donate even more, signing a pledge with 39 other American billionaires to give at least half their wealth to charity during their lifetimes or after their death. On the occasion of his 100th birthday in 2015, the BBC reports, he donated 1,000 acres of land to the state of Maine. And he never forgot the institution his mother had a hand in creating, serving as its chairman for many years and leaving it a $100 million bequest in 2005, according to the Times. As much as he gave, Rockefeller had nearly the same propensity for collecting. At one point, his private art collection was valued at $500 million, and his famously vast collection of contacts — which the Times says had roughly 150,000 names in it — needed a whole room to house it. Still, his longest-running collection was significantly less ostentatious: his beetle collection. From a young age until his death, the unlikely amateur entomologist avidly collected just about as many beetles as he could find. "It's nice to live well and eat well and own things, but there comes a time, if you have enough money, when you just can't enjoy them all," Rockefeller told NPR in 2002. "And there are other things which I think can bring much greater satisfaction — and that's doing things for others." Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. Missing some content? Care to comment? Check the source: NPR Copyright(c) 2017, NPR on: NCPR would like to thank: and: for their underwriting support. More from NPR Westminster Attacker Was 'Peripheral Figure' In Earlier Investigation, May Says "Some years ago, he was once investigated by MI5 in relation to concerns about violent extremism," Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May says. Mar 23, 2017 In Final Hours, GOP Leaders Scramble For Votes On Bill To Gut 'Obamacare' House Republicans are poised to vote on legislation to repeal and replace key parts of the Affordable Care Act, despite ongoing opposition from hard-line conservatives. Mar 23, 2017 Team USA Finally Proves World's Best, Crushing Puerto Rico 8-0 In Classic Final It may be considered the national pastime, but in the first three World Baseball Classics the United States was far from dominant. That changed Wednesday night in a lopsided title win. Mar 23, 2017 British Police Arrest 8 In Investigation Into London Attack That Left 4 Dead Police believe the attacker who killed three people before being shot to death acted alone and was "inspired by international terrorism." Mar 22, 2017 School Suspensions Have Plunged: We Don't Yet Know If That's Good News A controversial new paper suggests schools in New York City are less safe now that fewer students are being suspended. Mar 23, 2017 Doctor Turns Up Possible Treatment For Deadly Sepsis Research hasn't yet confirmed the early hints that a mix of IV vitamins and steroids might stop the fatal organ failure of sepsis. But an effective treatment for sepsis would be a really big deal. Mar 23, 2017 Trump Surveillance Flap Throws Monkey Wrench Into House Russia Investigation The top Republican and Democrat on the House committee investigating Russia's election meddling traded charges about snooping and partisan bias — threatening its nascent investigation. Mar 22, 2017 Dozens Of Civilians Killed Near Raqqa In Airstrike Activists Blame On Coalition Monitor groups allege a strike by U.S.-led forces leveled a school near ISIS' de facto capital in Syria. The coalition says there's no indication it was responsible but it will investigate. Mar 22, 2017 Breast Implants Linked To Rare Blood Cancer In Small Proportion Of Women The FDA says breast implants with textured surfaces are linked to at least 203 cancer cases, and that nine women have died. Nearly 300,000 people get breast implants each year in the U.S. Mar 22, 2017 IMDb Adopts F-Rating Of Women's Contributions To Movies The online database has embraced the rating intended to highlight directing, writing and other aspects of filmmaking by women. This expands the rating's reach to the site's more than 4 million titles. Mar 22, 2017 Congress Rolls Back Obama-Era Rule On Hunting Bears And Wolves In Alaska The Senate voted Tuesday to lift a 2016 ban on certain hunting practices — like trapping and aerial shooting — on national wildlife refuges there. Now the bill heads to President Trump to be signed. Mar 22, 2017 Can Sears Survive? Maybe Not, Company Admits In Financial Filings Shares of the company's stock tumbled 12 percent today after the company acknowledged Tuesday that its future viability is not a sure thing. The company lost $2 billion last year. Mar 22, 2017 Contact NCPR North Country Public Radio St. Lawrence University Canton, New York 13617 1-877-388-6277  radio@ncpr.org NCPR is a proud affiliate of: National Public Radio American Public Media Public Radio International Public Radio Exchange © 2017 North Country Public Radio Radio Schedule FM Frequencies NCPR Shows News/Talk Music/Arts Podcasts About Award-winning NCPR Our Staff News Team Contact NCPR Comments Submissions Subscriptions Jobs at NCPR Community Advisory Board (NCPR Executive Council) Support NCPR Donate Donate via PayPal MemberCard Underwriting Planned Giving Endowment NCPR Funders Vehicle Donation
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WellCare Health Plans Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WellCare Health Plans Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Director Roel C. Campos Sells 6,000 Shares March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (NYSE:WCG) Director Roel C. Campos sold 6,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $143.41, for a total value of $860,460.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 9,861 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,414,166.01. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (NYSE:WCG) traded down 2.54% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $141.05. The company had a trading volume of 283,609 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $143.18 and its 200 day moving average is $131.00. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. has a 12 month low of $86.75 and a 12 month high of $151.93. The company has a market capitalization of $6.25 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.98 and a beta of 1.00. WellCare Health Plans (NYSE:WCG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.52 by $0.51. WellCare Health Plans had a return on equity of 14.01% and a net margin of 1.70%. The firm had revenue of $3.52 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.56 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.64 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that WellCare Health Plans, Inc. will post $6.31 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in WellCare Health Plans by 53.2% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 266,516 shares of the company’s stock valued at $31,206,000 after buying an additional 92,598 shares in the last quarter. DIAM Co. Ltd. increased its stake in WellCare Health Plans by 56.7% in the third quarter. DIAM Co. Ltd. now owns 94,117 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,020,000 after buying an additional 34,065 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in WellCare Health Plans during the fourth quarter valued at about $67,350,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in WellCare Health Plans by 30.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,988,127 shares of the company’s stock valued at $232,789,000 after buying an additional 462,749 shares in the last quarter. Finally, California State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in WellCare Health Plans by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 94,618 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,079,000 after buying an additional 800 shares in the last quarter. Several analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded WellCare Health Plans from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $146.00 price target on shares of WellCare Health Plans in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $137.00 price target (up previously from $134.00) on shares of WellCare Health Plans in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded WellCare Health Plans from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Leerink Swann upped their price target on WellCare Health Plans from $160.00 to $170.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $132.18. About WellCare Health Plans WellCare Health Plans, Inc is a managed care company. The Company focuses on government-sponsored managed care services, primarily through Medicaid, Medicare Advantage (MA) and Medicare Prescription Drug Plans (PDPs), to families, children, seniors and individuals with medical needs. The Company operates through three segments: Medicaid Health Plans, Medicare Health Plans and Medicare PDPs. Receive News & Ratings for WellCare Health Plans Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WellCare Health Plans Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ConvaTec Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Trading Down 9% Following Weak Earnings ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet ConvaTec Group PLC (LON: CTEC) recently received a number of ratings updates from brokerages and research firms: 3/7/2017 – ConvaTec Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 300 ($3.71) to GBX 310 ($3.83). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – ConvaTec Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 275 ($3.40) to GBX 300 ($3.71). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/3/2017 – ConvaTec Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 250 ($3.09) to GBX 275 ($3.40). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/3/2017 – ConvaTec Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 271 ($3.35) to GBX 305 ($3.77). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 3/2/2017 – ConvaTec Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 300 ($3.71) price target on the stock. 2/27/2017 – ConvaTec Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. 2/24/2017 – ConvaTec Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 300 ($3.71) price target on the stock. 1/19/2017 – ConvaTec Group PLC is now covered by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They set a “buy” rating and a GBX 310 ($3.83) price target on the stock. ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) traded down 0.42% during midday trading on Monday, hitting GBX 259.70. The stock had a trading volume of 2,069,410 shares. The firm’s market cap is GBX 3.57 billion. ConvaTec Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 213.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 263.50. The stock has a 50-day moving average of GBX 245.79 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 241.65. ConvaTec Group Plc is a medical product and technology company. The Company focuses on therapies for the management of chronic conditions, including products used for advanced chronic and acute wound care, ostomy care, continence and critical care and infusion devices used in the treatment of diabetes and other conditions. Receive News & Ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
23/03/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live 1 Latest Live Coverage Live United Kingdom 22/03/2017 Car attacker mows down crowds and stabs policeman outside UK parliament Live - Tv Live Broadcast Watch Euronews live stream Bulletin Weather All views World 23/03/2017 Theresa May tells MPs 'acts of normality' will defy terrorism Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism" World 22/03/2017 Eurozone is still fragile and uninsured against another crisis Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Despite recently experiencing an overall economic uptick, the eurozone remains fragile and uninsured against the risk of another crisis" Benedicta Marzinotto Lecturer in Political Economy World 22/03/2017 Erdogan's rhetoric threatens Turkey's future relations with EU Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 22/03/2017 The religious strike back: French election View Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "There has been an unholy alliance between the Catholic right and the non-religious left" Lecturer in political and soci Charles Devellennes World 22/03/2017 Sturgeon claims London left her no choice but to go for independence Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 22/03/2017 Calls for Eurogroup President to resign after 'drinks and women' outrage Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "You cannot spend all the money on spirits and women and then ask for help" Jeroen Dijsselbloem Eurogroup President World 22/03/2017 'I'll criticise judges': Trump defiant after Gorsuch rebuke Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I find that disheartening, I find that demoralising, because I know the truth" Neil Gorsuch US Supreme Court nominee World 21/03/2017 North Korea has "nothing to fear" from more sanctions Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The existing sanctions are heinous and inhumane" Choe Myong Nam Deputy Ambassador, DPRK UN mission, Geneva more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > World > Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 Now Reading: Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 USA 20/03/2017 Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 Today's Top Stories United Kingdom 23/03/2017 London terrorist "acted alone" as police arrest eight BREAKING NEWS United Kingdom 23/03/2017 Islamic State Group claims responsibility for Westminster attack world news 22/03/2017 London terrorist attack: What we know Aa Aa Editor's choice Belgium 20/03/2017 Reliving the pain 'every single day' - Brussels attacks one year on world news 22/03/2017 How new one-stop shops are making crime pay for would-be cyber crooks View 22/03/2017 The religious strike back: French election View last updated: 20/03/2017 Euronews Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller has died at the age of 101. He passed away in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, a spokesperson said. He was the last of his generation in the famous family, heading the fortune at the helm of Chase Manhattan bank, later JP Morgan Chase, and his influence could be felt from Washington to foreign capitals around the world. He was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York’s Rockefeller Center, and the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. His philanthropic gestures were almost as vast as his art collection. He donated tens of millions of dollars to Harvard, the Rockefeller University and the Museum of Modern Art in New York. In his lifetime he reportedly gave away two billion dollars in total. On his 100th birthday he gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. When asked why he chose to write his memoirs in 2002, he said it occured to him that he had led ‘a rather interesting life’. Share this article: More about: Banking USA Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Le milliardaire et philanthrope américain David Rockfeller est décédé See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Patriarch und Milliardär David Rockefeller gestorben See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Addio a David Rockefeller, aveva 101 anni. Fondò Bilderberg See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español Muere David Rockefeller, el último representante de la dinastía See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português David Rockefeller: Morreu o magnata mais velho do mundo See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Ünlü milyarder David Rockefeller 101 yaşında öldü See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Помер мільярдер Девід Рокфеллер See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Скончался глобалист и филантроп Дэвид Рокфеллер See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية وفاة المليادير الأمريكي ديفيد روكفيلر See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی دیوید راکفلر، میلیاردر آمریکایی درگذشت See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Σε ηλικία 101 ετών έφυγε από τη ζωή ο Ντέιβιντ Ροκφέλερ See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Elhunyt David Rockefeller See translation Auto-Translated Most viewed United Kingdom 23/03/2017 London terrorist "acted alone" as police arrest eight United Kingdom 22/03/2017 British PM: "We will never give in to terror" United Kingdom 22/03/2017 Minister who lost brother in Bali bombing tried to save policeman world news 22/03/2017 'We are not afraid': Londoners defiant after parliament attack world news 22/03/2017 London terrorist attack: What we know Flashback: one year ago Argentina 23/03/2016 Obama adds Argentina to South America reset list Belgium 23/03/2016 Europe tightens airport security as fresh attacks feared Belgium 23/03/2016 Brussels travellers struggle with security checks Sport 23/03/2016 No bombing,no ducking, no doping Russian swimmers under the microscope Turkey 23/03/2016 Najim Laachraoui reported to be second Brussels airport bomber Editor's choice Belgium 20/03/2017 Reliving the pain 'every single day' - Brussels attacks one year on world news 22/03/2017 How new one-stop shops are making crime pay for would-be cyber crooks View 22/03/2017 The religious strike back: French election View world news 22/03/2017 Earthquakes shake Groningen into innovative economy world news 17/03/2017 Svalbard Seed Vault - banking on the future United Kingdom 21/03/2017 Martin McGuinness: the armalite to the ballot box world news 20/03/2017 Everything you need to know about Nowruz, the New Year for many Sci-tech 23/03/2017 Targeting small business at CeBIT no comment 21/03/2017 Merkel and Abe celebrate all things digital at CeBIT See more Russia 20/03/2017 Green liquid attack does not deter Putin opponent Navalny Today's Top Stories United Kingdom 23/03/2017 London terrorist "acted alone" as police arrest eight BREAKING NEWS United Kingdom 23/03/2017 Islamic State Group claims responsibility for Westminster attack world news 22/03/2017 London terrorist attack: What we know 1 Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Latest Live Live United Kingdom 22/03/2017 Car attacker mows down crowds and stabs policeman outside UK parliament Live - Tv Watch Euronews live stream Browse today's tags London Terrorism Attack United Kingdom Theresa May Victims Security European Union Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Obituaries SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories The kids are far right My two weeks as America’s No. 1 middle-aged loser The biggest threat facing middle-age men isn’t smoking or obesity. It’s loneliness. UMass Boston was warned of financial crisis years earlier Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In David Rockefeller, ‘business statesman’ and former Chase Manhattan chairman; at 101 E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Eddie Hausner/New York Times/File Mr. Rockefeller headed uptown from his office in Manhattan in a Cadillac limousine to a private luncheon in 1973. By Mark Feeney Globe Staff  March 20, 2017 David Rockefeller, the former chairman of the Chase Manhattan Bank, whose perhaps-unrivaled range of business relationships, institutional affiliations, and personal connections, as well as membership in one of the nation’s best-known families, earned him the unofficial title “chairman of the American establishment,” died Monday morning at his home in Pocantico Hills, N.Y. He was 101. His death was confirmed by a family spokesman, Fraser P. Seidel. Advertisement How well connected was Mr. Rockefeller? In an alcove off his Rockefeller Center office, he kept a spinet-sized Rolodex with the names of about 150,000 people he’d had dealings with over the years. “In a surprising number of countries,” he once wrote, “I’ve met every head of state since World War II.” It was no hyperbole when Fortune magazine described him in 1977 as “the nation’s leading business statesman.” Mr. Rockefeller’s reach extended far beyond business. A nephew, former US Senator Jay Rockefeller, a West Virginia Democrat, once called him “probably the most powerful man in America.” Mr. Rockefeller scoffed at the title, but the perception that he presided over the intersection of financial and political influence in this country, if not the world, made him a favorite target of conspiracy theorists at both ends of the political spectrum. Get Today's Headlines in your inbox: The day's top stories delivered every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Mr. Rockefeller’s vigorous and longstanding advocacy of globalization (he visited 103 countries and traveled 5 million air miles during his 35 years at Chase, which became JPMorgan Chase, in 2000) added fuel to the fire. Seeing internationalization in economic rather than political terms, Mr. Rockefeller never disguised the fact that his interest in making business deals was not limited to democracies. The accusation “David Rockefeller has never met a dictator he didn’t like” was frequently heard. While Mr. Rockefeller’s reserved, bankerly nature made him an unlikely object of demonization, it ideally suited him for service on institutional boards. At various times he was chairman of New York’s Museum of Modern Art, the Council on Foreign Relations, Harvard University’s board of overseers, the Japan Society, and the Trilateral Commission. The commission, of which he was cofounder, was a special bugbear of the far left and right: No fewer than 15 members held positions of influence in the Carter administration, including the president and vice president, as well as the secretaries of state, defense, and treasury. Mr. Rockefeller never ventured out of the private sector. When his brother Nelson was governor of New York, there was talk of Mr. Rockefeller running for mayor of New York. Richard Nixon twice asked him to be secretary of the treasury. Jimmy Carter did so once, also seeking him as chairman of the Federal Reserve. Mr. Rockefeller declined all four offers, instead preferring, as he put it in his “Memoirs” (2002), “the fascinating and personally rewarding life of a commercial banker.” His closest brush with politics came in 1979 when Mr. Rockefeller’s efforts to gain the exiled shah of Iran admittance into the United States became a cause celebre. Advertisement Only part of Mr. Rockefeller’s influence stemmed from his wealth and position. Forbes magazine stated his worth as being $3.1 billion in 2016. Yet that sum placed him only 214th on its list of the richest Americans. Mr. Rockefeller owed fame even more to his surname. So much of the Rockefellers’ unique status had to do with its great ongoing commitment to philanthropy. The list of institutions the Rockefellers either founded or notably assisted includes the University of Chicago, Rockefeller University, the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, Brown University, Spelman College, the Museum of Modern Art, to name just the best-known examples. Mr. Rockefeller was very much aware of that legacy and worked to advance it. Calling philanthropy “a tradition in our family,” Mr. Rockefeller was brought up to believe that “with opportunities go obligations,” he said in a 2002 Boston Globe interview. “It seems to me that’s a pretty simple but basic lesson for just about anybody,” he said. “It would be a sad waste of one’s life if one didn’t use those opportunities to do things that are constructive for society as a whole.” Besides those institutions and causes already noted, Mr. Rockefeller involved himself with numerous others. He took a great interest in Latin America, one result of which is the David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies at Harvard. As president of Morningside Heights Inc., he helped build middle-class housing in New York near Columbia University in the late ‘40s and ‘50s. He was instrumental in the redevelopment of lower Manhattan, with the siting of Chase’s 60-story headquarters there in the late ‘50s; and, as chairman of the Downtown-Lower Manhattan Association, with the building of the World Trade Center. Famous for his energy, Mr. Rockefeller never let it go to waste. Asked in that 2002 interview why he waited until he was 87 to publish his autobiography, Mr. Rockefeller replied, “Maybe I was just too busy.” The son of John D. Rockefeller Jr. and Abby Greene (Aldrich) Rockefeller, he was born on June 12, 1915, in New York City. David Rockefeller was the favorite of his grandfather, the founder of the family fortune — and the grandchild John D. Rockefeller felt was most like himself. Mr. Rockefeller had five siblings: John D. III; Abby; Nelson; Laurance, a pioneering venture capitalist and leading environmentalist; and Winthrop, the two-term governor of Arkansas. All predeceased him. Mr. Rockefeller was considered the “serious” one among his generation of the family. “I don’t think I had the typical childhood,” he said with characteristic (if also extreme) understatement in the 2002 interview. The nine-floor Rockefeller home was the largest private residence in New York; and his father wore black tie to dinner every evening, his mother a gown. Like many boys, Mr. Rockefeller collected bugs (in his case beetles) — only his collection grew to 2000 species and 150,000 specimens. He was so serious about the subject that two species are named for him. The family spent summers at Seal Harbor, Maine. There Mr. Rockefeller developed a lifelong love of sailing. In celebration of his 100th birthday, he donated 1,000 acres of adjacent land to the Mount Desert Island & Garden Preserve, as a “gfit to all the people of Maine.” Graduating from Harvard in 1936, Mr. Rockefeller did graduate work there with the economist Joseph Schumpeter, then studied with the economist Friedrich von Hayek at the London School of Economics. He earned a doctorate in economics at the University of Chicago in 1940, publishing his dissertation a year later as “Unused Resources and Economic Waste.” Mr. Rockefeller spent a year and a half as an unpaid aide to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia, then worked for six months in New York’s federal defense preparedness office. Enlisting in the Army in 1942, he served in military intelligence in North Africa and France, rising to the rank of captain. Upon leaving the army, Mr. Rockefeller joined what was then the Chase National Bank; his maternal uncle was chairman. “I didn’t want to be given jobs and opportunities because of my name. I wanted to feel that I had done things on my own,” he said in 2002. “I think, to a considerable extent, getting a PhD was an indication that I had earned something on my own. Therefore, when I got a job at the bank I didn’t have to be embarrassed about it.” Mr. Rockefeller rose from assistant manager in the foreign department (starting at $3,500 a year) to assistant cashier to second vice president, then vice president. He became vice chairman in 1957, and chief executive officer and chairman in 1969. He retired in 1981. His first 12 years at the bank he rode the subway to work. During Mr. Rockefeller’s chairmanship, Chase was the nation’s third largest bank. He emphasized its foreign business, greatly raising its global profile. In 1998, President Clinton awarded Mr. Rockefeller the nation’s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Asked in 2002 if being a Rockefeller had been more blessing or burden, he answered without hesitation. “The benefits have far outweighed the disadvantages.” Mark Feeney can be reached at mfeeney@globe.com. Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Distribution Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise US police probe apparent gang rape streamed on Facebook Mexico threatens to ditch US corn imports US bans laptops, tablets on flights from Turkey and Arab world Modi party picks firebrand to head India’s biggest state Home » News » National » US stocks mostly fall as bank shares retreat US stocks mostly fall as bank shares retreat US stocks were under pressure Monday, with banking shares in retreat on doubts Washington will be able to enact regulatory relief for the sector anytime soon. Banks have been among the biggest beneficiaries of the post-election stock rally due to expectations President Donald Trump will pull back on tough new rules planned or implemented after the 2008 financial crisis. But shares JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and others all fell Monday. “The banks are under pressure because regulatory reform is not moving quickly and the banks are having a tough quarter,” said Chris Low, chief economist at FTN Financial. Wells Fargo was among the hardest hit, losing 1.8 percent after disclosing that new credit-card applications in February fell 55 percent from the year-ago period, the latest drag from a fake accounts scandal that has roiled the bank. The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost less than 0.1 percent to close the trading session at 20,905.86. The broad-based S&P 500 dipped 0.2 percent to end at 2,373.47, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index rose a hair to 5,901.31. Caterpillar jumped 2.7 percent after disclosing that machine sales in Asia-Pacific jumped 39 percent over the last three months compared with the year-ago period. Worldwide machine sales dropped one percent over that period. Advanced Micro Devices jumped 6.8 percent after a note from Jefferies investment bank lifted its sales estimate for the company in anticipation of new product launch. Dow Jones President Donald Trump Stocks US stocks More news Washington signals about-face on globalization » 21 March, 2017 // National Top senators: No evidence Trump Tower bugged by Obama » 17 March, 2017 // National US industrial output in February flat, manufacturing gains » 17 March, 2017 // National Trump slashes foreign aid in ‘hard power’ budget blueprint » 16 March, 2017 // National, News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories India jails Hindu radicals for life over shrine blast Fire destroys THREE butcher shops in Uttar Pradesh as police say they can’t rule out arson amid crackdown on beef Ex-WWE wrestlers to brawl in Pakistan as security improves Voice of Asia Promo Video Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
   Search  Subscribe menu Home NEWS Close National features Africa World Eish! Multimedia Close Business Close Business News Personal Finance My Small Business Analysis & Profiles Glacier by Sanlam promo Close SPORT Close Soccer Cricket Rugby Golf Other Columns Close PHAKAAATHI Close LOCAL NEWS international news EDITOR’S BLOG FAN ZONE African News PSL Mgosi African News Nedbank Cup Close YOUR LIFE Close Celebrities Fitness and Health – The Citizen shares health and fitness tips and news Food Entertainment Soapies Friday feeling Close MOTORING Close News Motor Sport NEW CAR PRICE GUIDE Close HORSES Close news Columns Close OPINION Close Columns Editorials Today’s cartoon Cartoons Talking Point – The Citizen’s readers weigh in on issues affecting us all Ghost Cartoonist Close Buy Close auctions classifieds buy in bulk Close Rewards Close Subscribers Competitions Close World 20.3.2017 11:10 pm David, last grandchild of John D. Rockefeller, dies AFP David Rockefeller. Image by www.philanthropy.com He died in his sleep due to congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, just north of New York City, spokesman Fraser Seitel said. Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and a luminary in political circles, died Monday at the age of 101, a spokesman said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, Forbes magazine ranked  David Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires released Monday, estimating his fortune of $3.3 billion. He led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s, and his accomplishments included opening the first Moscow offices of an American bank and the first in mainland China after President Richard Nixon’s 1972 visit there. He also oversaw the growth of Chase Manhattan’s operations in the Middle East, Latin America and Japan, Seitel said. Rockefeller also was well known in political circles in the United States and overseas, where he encountered heads of states from close to 100 countries and was known as an outspoken champion of American capitalism. He was offered the post of Treasury secretary by presidents Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon, but turned both men down, the New York Times reported. Rockefeller famously helped persuade then-president Carter to allow the shah of Iran into the United States for cancer treatment in 1979. The move was widely seen as spurring the Iranian revolution led by the Islamic fundamentalist Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. – Family tradition of philanthropy – Born in 1915, Rockefeller grew up in a mansion in Manhattan and attended Harvard College and then the University of Chicago, where he received a Ph.D. in Economics. He enlisted in the Army and served during World War II in North Africa and Southwestern France. The French government awarded him the Legion of Honor with the rank of Chevalier in 1945. Rockefeller joined Chase National Bank in 1946 as an assistant manager in the foreign department before subsequently overseeing the bank’s business in Latin America. He became co-chief executive in 1961 and later sole chief executive before retiring in 1981. Rockefeller, along with brother Nelson, who was governor of New York state and later vice president under Gerald Ford, helped lead the development of the World Trade Center in the 1960s and 1970s in lower Manhattan. The Twin Towers were dubbed in the press “David” and “Nelson.” The move continued a family tradition that had included the family’s efforts to spur the building of Rockefeller Center during the Great Depression. Among his other most important civic roles, Rockefeller served as chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations and executive committee chair of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother founded. Rockefeller Foundation President Rajiv Shah said in a statement “the world has lost a great man and philanthropist.” Former president George H.W. Bush praised Rockefeller as “one of the most generous philanthropists” whose “keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable advisor to Presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included.” Former president Bill Clinton hailed Rockefeller as “a consummate businessman, a great humanitarian, and a serious scholar.” Rockefeller’s grandfather was one of the original American “robber baron” tycoons of the 19th and early 20th centuries, employing brass-knuckles business tactics to build his oil empire before the US Supreme Court ruled in 1911 that his Standard Oil company should be broken up. Today’s oil giants, including ExxonMobil and Chevron, are descendants of Standard Oil. Ironically, Rockefeller philanthropic organizations have strongly supported action on climate change policy, putting them at odds with oil companies like ExxonMobil. They also provide financing to research and journalism groups that accused the oil giant of knowingly supporting propaganda questioning the science of climate change. The Rockefeller family has been active in philanthropy since patriarch John D. Rockefeller, who funded medical research and higher education programs. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller University and Harvard are each expected to receive some $100 million upon the death of David Rockefeller, according to the magazine Inside Philanthropy. For more news your way, follow The Citizen on Facebook and Twitter. Related Stories In all honesty I wish I was Rockefeller 17.2.2017 Rajiv Shah to lead Rockefeller Foundation 6.1.2017 JSE Currencies Commodities what's hot Eish! Mbalula is the ‘inspiration behind cops with umkhaba’ National WATCH: How the man ‘aggressively’ grabbed Mabuya’s child at Spur National What you need to do to earn Malema’s respect Cricket Viva national pride! Is the Proteas culture ditching the IPL? National Grace Bible Church ‘ridiculous’ for ‘R89K’ to host Joe Mafela memorial readers' choice National WATCH: Woman ‘wearing nothing’ kicked out of Menlyn Mall Eish! PIC: ‘Dudu Myeni’ kneels at Zuma’s feet National Spur incident: Eyewitness explains what happened before cameras rolled National Grace Bible Church ‘ridiculous’ for ‘R89K’ to host Joe Mafela memorial National She would be bleeding if I were that man, says white man on Spur incident poll Do you agree with Mcebisi Jonas’ claim that the ANC’s stance on radical economic transformation championed by President Jacob Zuma, is just another slogan by the ruling party which will never result in any meaningful change? Yes No today in print menu Contact us About us Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Advertising Rate Card News menu National Africa World Load Shedding Eish! Opinion menu Columns Editorials Cartoons Talking Point Sport menu Columns Cricket Other Rugby Soccer Golf Horses menu Columnists Racing News Your life menu Celebrities Food style Entertainment Soapies Motoring menu Motoring News features Motorsport new price guide top tips Other menu Auctions buy in bulk Classifieds Competitions Connect About us Code of Conduct Contact us Privacy Policy Jobs at The Citizen Advertising Rate Card News Business Sport Phakaaathi Opinion Motoring Your life Horses Multimedia   The Citizen. All rights reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US stocks mostly fall as bank shares retreat News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US stocks mostly fall as bank shares retreat US stocks were under pressure on Monday, with banking shares in retreat on doubts Washington will be able to enact regulatory relief for the sector anytime soon. Posted 21 Mar 2017 04:37 Updated 21 Mar 2017 04:40 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: US stocks were under pressure on Monday (Mar 20), with banking shares in retreat on doubts Washington will be able to enact regulatory relief for the sector anytime soon. Banks have been among the biggest beneficiaries of the post-election stock rally due to expectations President Donald Trump will pull back on tough new rules planned or implemented after the 2008 financial crisis. But shares JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and others all fell on Monday. "The banks are under pressure because regulatory reform is not moving quickly and the banks are having a tough quarter," said Chris Low, chief economist at FTN Financial. Wells Fargo was among the hardest hit, losing 1.8 per cent after disclosing that new credit-card applications in February fell 55 per cent from the year-ago period, the latest drag from a fake accounts scandal that has roiled the bank. The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 8.76 points (0.04 per cent) to close the trading session at 20,905.86. The broad-based S&P 500 dipped 4.78 points (0.20 per cent) to end at 2,373.47, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.53 points (0.01 per cent) to 5,901.31. Caterpillar jumped 2.7 per cent after disclosing that machine sales in Asia-Pacific jumped 39 per cent over the last three months compared with the year-ago period. Worldwide machine sales dropped one percent over that period. Advanced Micro Devices jumped 6.8 per cent after a note from Jefferies investment bank lifted its sales estimate for the company in anticipation of new product launch. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jensyn Acquisition Corp (JSYNU) Stake Owned by Jensyn Capital, LLC Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Stake Held by Integrated Core Strategies (Us) LLC Insider Selling: Ebix Inc (EBIX) Director Sells 2,675 Shares of Stock Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 25,000 Shares of Stock Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Raises Dividend to $0.13 Per Share U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (GROW) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.00 Investors Buy Prologis Inc (PLD) on Weakness After Insider Selling Repligen Co. (RGEN) CFO Jon Snodgres Sells 1,909 Shares of Stock Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Joseph David Stilwell Purchases 4,700 Shares of Stock Viveve Medical Inc (VIVE) CEO Patricia Scheller Purchases 12,500 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) Insider Carissa Lynn Rodeheaver Acquires 2,873 Shares Bacanora Minerals Ltd (BCN) Director James Digby Ronald Strauss Acquires 27,000 Shares of Stock Belden Inc. (BDC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Monday. According to Zacks, “Belden Inc is engaged in the design, manufacture and retail of cable, connectivity, and networking products in markets including industrial automation, enterprise, transportation, infrastructure, and consumer electronics. The Company’s products find its application in the industrial automation, enterprise, education, healthcare, entertainment and broadcast, sound and security, transportation, infrastructure, consumer electronics and other industries. Belden has manufacturing capabilities in North America, Europe, and Asia, and a market presence in nearly every region of the world. Belden Inc is based in St. Louis, Missouri. “ BDC has been the subject of a number of other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Monday, February 13th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 price target for the company. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and set a $83.00 price target on shares of Belden in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Seaport Global Securities started coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target for the company. Deutsche Bank AG started coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Thursday, December 15th. They set a “buy” rating and a $85.00 price target for the company. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus cut their price target on shares of Belden from $86.00 to $80.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $81.71. Shares of Belden (NYSE:BDC) traded down 0.27% during trading on Monday, reaching $69.92. 386,282 shares of the company were exchanged. Belden has a 1-year low of $54.97 and a 1-year high of $81.33. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.38 and a beta of 2.24. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $73.24 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.90. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.42 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.40 by $0.02. The business earned $612.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $616.10 million. Belden had a net margin of 5.43% and a return on equity of 20.29%. The business’s revenue was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.63 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Belden will post $5.07 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 16th will be given a dividend of $0.05 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, March 14th. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.29%. Belden’s payout ratio is currently 7.58%. Your IP Address: In related news, Director Judy L. Brown sold 9,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $76.50, for a total transaction of $688,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 13,268 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,015,002. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP Glenn Pennycook sold 6,306 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.86, for a total transaction of $459,455.16. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 18,343 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,336,470.98. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.37% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its position in Belden by 0.8% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 3,178 shares of the company’s stock worth $219,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. HM Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Belden by 1.0% in the third quarter. HM Capital Management LLC now owns 3,555 shares of the company’s stock valued at $245,000 after buying an additional 34 shares in the last quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan boosted its position in shares of Belden by 0.6% in the third quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 17,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,173,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Belden by 7.1% in the third quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 2,489 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 165 shares in the last quarter. Finally, LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Belden by 6.9% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,696 shares of the company’s stock valued at $186,000 after buying an additional 174 shares in the last quarter. Belden Company Profile Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Belden (BDC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat Former Head of Chase Manhattan Bank David Rockefeller Dies at 101 - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Turkey Arrests Lebanese-German Linked to Berlin Ramp Attack 5th Round of UN-led Syrian Talks Kicks off in Geneva Libya: HRW Hints to Possibility of Haftar Forces Involvement in War Crimes 10 Egyptian Soldiers Killed in Central Sinai Fighting Mosul: ISIS’ Random Shelling on Liberated Areas Injures Dozens of Civilians Fight in Syria more Costly for Russians than Kremlin has Disclosed World World Ex-Russian Lawmaker Killed in Kiev as Ukraine Probes Arms Depot Blast Rouhani Warms Up to Khamenei, Reassuring Commitment to ‘Resistive Economy’ Germany to Deport Two Native-Born Terror Suspects Ban of Electronics on Flights Bewilders Companies, Travelers Terrorism Hits the Heart of London on 1st Anniversary of Brussels Attacks Death Toll of UK Parliament ‘Terrorist Incident’ Rises to Four Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia King Salman Chairs Saudi National Cabinet Session King Salman: Economic Transformation in Saudi Arabia, China Fortifies Cooperation Saudi Arabia, US Agree on Dangers of Iranian Expansionism Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Meets US President Trump Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Arrives in Washington for Meeting with Trump Yemeni Officer: 4 Lebanese ‘Hezbollah’ Members Caught in Ma’rib | Opinion Opinion ‘JASTA,’ 9/11 Allegations…The Legal Battle Things to Know About the Market Reaction to the Fed The Future of the Human Race Getting Through the Long Post-Crisis Hangover Political Changes Reflect on Yemen War in Space Is Becoming a Real Threat Features Features Uprooted by War, Threatened by Boko Haram and Desperate to Go Home The Options Facing the Trump Administration’s War on ISIS Bilal Abdul Kareem: An ‘Extremist Propagandist’ Reporting from Syria Hamas Seeks New Political Era to Resolve Problems Citizenship and Diversity: Modern Tools in Combatting Terror Terrorist Attacks in Kabul…Violence, Endless War Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports The Making of Gareth Southgate: from Crystal Palace Captain to England Boss Romelu Lukaku’s Ambition is the Same as Ronald Koeman’s Kasper Schmeichel’s Champions League Brilliance Confirms His Rise to the Elite Raheem Sterling in Shape to Show Liverpool he Made the Right Move Entertainment Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters The End of In-Flight Entertainment? The Best New Podcasts of 2016 Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 World Former Head of Chase Manhattan Bank David Rockefeller Dies at 101 Asharq Al-Awsat English3 days agoMarch 20, 2017 202 The late David Rockefeller arriving at the funeral service for New York socialite and philanthropist Brooke Astor at St. Thomas Church in New York, August 17, 2007. REUTERS/Jeff Zelevansky/File Photo Turkey Arrests Lebanese-German Linked to Berlin Ramp Attack - Twitter Shuts Down over 600,000 Accounts Linked to ‘Violent Extremism’ - 5th Round of UN-led Syrian Talks Kicks off in Geneva - Libya: HRW Hints to Possibility of Haftar Forces Involvement in War Crimes - Ex-Russian Lawmaker Killed in Kiev as Ukraine Probes Arms Depot Blast - People's Movement Leader: Ennahdha-Social Liberal Coalition Threatens Democracy in Tunisia - Rouhani Warms Up to Khamenei, Reassuring Commitment to ‘Resistive Economy’ - Germany to Deport Two Native-Born Terror Suspects - 10 Egyptian Soldiers Killed in Central Sinai Fighting - Fire Damages Historic Mosque in Greece David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and luminary in political and philanthropic circles, died Monday at the age of 101, a spokesman said. He died in his sleep due to congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, just north of New York City, spokesman Fraser Seitel said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, he led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s. Forbes magazine ranked Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires released Monday with a fortune of $3.3 billion. His accomplishments in finance included opening the first Moscow offices of an American bank and the first in mainland China after President Richard Nixon’s 1972 visit there. He also oversaw the growth of Chase Manhattan’s operations in the Middle East, Latin America and Japan, Seitel said.He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world’s most powerful politicians. Rockefeller was also well known in political circles in the United States and overseas, where he encountered heads of states from close to 100 countries and was known as an outspoken champion of American capitalism. He famously helped persuade then-President Jimmy Carter to allow the shah of Iran into the United States for cancer treatment in 1979. The move was widely seen as spurring the Iranian revolution led by the fundamentalist Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. Among his most important civic roles, Rockefeller served as chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations and executive committee chair of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother founded. The Rockefeller Foundation mourned “the loss of great man and philanthropist,” president Rajiv Shah said in a statement. “David was one of the world’s foremost advocates for the power of partnership and collaboration,” he said. “Long before it became popular wisdom, he believed effective partnerships across sectors and geographies was the only way to affect lasting change.” Rockefeller’s grandfather was one of the original American “robber baron” tycoons of the 19th and early 20th centuries, employing brass-knuckles business tactics to build his oil empire before the US Supreme Court ruled in 1911 that his Standard Oil company should be broken up. Today’s oil giants, including ExxonMobil and Chevron, are descendants of Standard Oil. However, Rockefeller family philanthropic organizations have strongly supported action on climate change policy, sparring with ExxonMobil and providing financing to research and journalism groups that accused the oil giant of knowingly supporting propaganda questioning the science of climate change. Asharq Al-Awsat English Asharq Al-Awsat is the world’s premier pan-Arab daily newspaper, printed simultaneously each day on four continents in 14 cities. Launched in London in 1978, Asharq Al-Awsat has established itself as the decisive publication on pan-Arab and international affairs, offering its readers in-depth analysis and exclusive editorials, as well as the most comprehensive coverage of the entire Arab world. More Posts - Twitter - Facebook - Google Plus - YouTube Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related Chase Manhattan bankDavid RockefellerExxonMobilPocantico Hills Previous ArticleRussia Denies Plans for New Military Bases in SyriaNext ArticleRussia Challenges US in Training Kurds What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 36926 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 27288 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 23627 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 22076 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 21540 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 229Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated March 23, 2017 1:32 pm Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Developing news UK terror police begin investigation of Westminster Attack Latest developments and live stream David Rockefeller, last grandchild of John D. Rockefeller, dies John BIERS AFP20 March 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share  More Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and a luminary in political circles, died Monday at the age of 101, a spokesman said. He died in his sleep due to congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, just north of New York City, spokesman Fraser Seitel said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, Forbes magazine ranked David Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires released Monday, estimating his fortune of $3.3 billion. He led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase (Swiss: JPM-USD.SW - news) , in the 1960s and 1970s, and his accomplishments included opening the first Moscow offices of an American bank and the first in mainland China after President Richard Nixon's 1972 visit there. He also oversaw the growth of Chase Manhattan's operations in the Middle East, Latin America and Japan, Seitel said. Rockefeller also was well known in political circles in the United States and overseas, where he encountered heads of states from close to 100 countries and was known as an outspoken champion of American capitalism. He was offered the post of Treasury secretary by presidents Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon, but turned both men down, the New York Times reported. Rockefeller famously helped persuade then-president Carter (Stuttgart: 1504916.SG - news) to allow the shah of Iran into the United States for cancer treatment in 1979. The move was widely seen as spurring the Iranian revolution led by the Islamic fundamentalist Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. - Family tradition of philanthropy - Born in 1915, Rockefeller grew up in a mansion in Manhattan and attended Harvard College and then the University of Chicago, where he received a Ph.D. in Economics. He enlisted in the Army and served during World War II in North Africa and Southwestern France. The French government awarded him the Legion of Honor with the rank of Chevalier in 1945. Rockefeller joined Chase National Bank in 1946 as an assistant manager in the foreign department before subsequently overseeing the bank's business in Latin America. He became co-chief executive in 1961 and later sole chief executive before retiring in 1981. Rockefeller, along with brother Nelson, who was governor of New York state and later vice president under Gerald Ford, helped lead the development of the World Trade Center in the 1960s and 1970s in lower Manhattan. The Twin Towers were dubbed in the press "David" and "Nelson." The move continued a family tradition that had included the family's efforts to spur the building of Rockefeller Center during the Great Depression. Among his other most important civic roles, Rockefeller served as chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations and executive committee chair of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother founded. Rockefeller Foundation President Rajiv Shah said in a statement "the world has lost a great man and philanthropist." Former president George H.W. Bush praised Rockefeller as "one of the most generous philanthropists" whose "keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable advisor to Presidents of both parties -- yours truly certainly included." Former president Bill Clinton hailed Rockefeller as "a consummate businessman, a great humanitarian, and a serious scholar." Rockefeller's grandfather was one of the original American "robber baron" tycoons of the 19th and early 20th centuries, employing brass-knuckles business tactics to build his oil empire before the US Supreme Court ruled in 1911 that his Standard Oil company should be broken up. Today's oil giants, including ExxonMobil and Chevron (Euronext: CHTEX.NX - news) , are descendants of Standard Oil. Ironically, Rockefeller philanthropic organizations have strongly supported action on climate change policy, putting them at odds with oil companies like ExxonMobil. They also provide financing to research and journalism groups that accused the oil giant of knowingly supporting propaganda questioning the science of climate change. The Rockefeller family has been active in philanthropy since patriarch John D. Rockefeller, who funded medical research and higher education programs. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller University and Harvard are each expected to receive some $100 million upon the death of David Rockefeller, according to the magazine Inside Philanthropy. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next 'You're a disgrace': Donald Trump Jr slammed for criticising Sadiq Khan only hours after London attack Yahoo News UK Cheeky toddler pinches Pope's hat KameraOne Westminster terror attack: A defiant London goes back to work London terror attack live: Isis claims responsibility for atrocity Yahoo News UK London Parliament attack: Pictures show confusion after Westminster terror shootings Westminster terror attack: Timeline of events Press Association video London Slams Donald Trump Jr. Tweet About Sadiq Khan After London Attack Newsweek Rain, rain won't go away! The 10 wettest cities in the UK Donald Trump Jr sparks storm over terror comments made by London Mayor Sadiq Khan International Business Times London attack: Isil claims responsibility as Theresa May reveals terrorist was British citizen who had been investigated by MI5 The Telegraph The stars who have died in 2017 Police confirm they've made seven arrests overnight ITN Katie Hopkins sparks outrage with her 'shocking' views on the London terror attack Yahoo Celebrity UK These are the happiest countries in the world Mother on her way to pick up children from school named as victim of the London terror attack Yahoo News UK London terror attack: Isis claims responsibility for Westminster atrocity Yahoo News UK By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest David Rockefeller, banker, philanthropist, heir, dies at 101 Morning Scan Feds finger North Korea in hack; Deutsche's next chief? U.S. banks brace for possible trade war with Mexico JPMorgan Chase names new head of business banking Research Report Index of Banking Activity: February IBA at 58.0 search goes here David Rockefeller, banker, philanthropist, heir, dies at 101 Published March 20 2017, 2:43pm EDT More in Commercial banking Commercial real estate lending JPMorgan Chase Print Email Share Share on David Rockefeller, the U.S. banker, philanthropist, presidential adviser and heir to one of history’s most fabled fortunes, has died. At 101, he was the world’s oldest billionaire. He died Monday at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, according to an emailed statement from Fraser P. Seitel, a family spokesman. The cause was congestive heart failure. Rockefeller was the youngest and last-surviving grandson of Standard Oil founder John D. Rockefeller, the nation’s first billionaire. He was the only one of John D. Rockefeller Jr.’s five sons who spent his entire professional career in the corporate world, rising to chief executive officer of Chase Manhattan Bank during his 35 years at the company. David Rockefeller, the U.S. banker, philanthropist, presidential adviser and heir to one of history’s most fabled fortunes, has died. Bloomberg News He was also a confidant of world leaders, from Deng Xiaoping in China to Nelson Mandela in South Africa, from the shah of Iran to Henry Kissinger. Rockefeller famously asked President Jimmy Carter to let the deposed shah come to the U.S. for medical treatment, leading to the seizure of American hostages in Tehran from 1979 to 1981. Rockefeller was equally well known for his philanthropy. In 2006, he bequeathed $225 million to the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, which he and his brothers established in 1940 to promote social change worldwide. The year before, he donated $100 million each to two New York institutions: the Museum of Modern Art, which was co-founded by his mother, and Rockefeller University, a medical-research school started by his grandfather. “No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller,” former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a statement. “During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called,” said Bloomberg, the founder and majority owner of Bloomberg News parent Bloomberg LP. In 2008 Rockefeller gave $100 million to his alma mater, Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts. “The range of David Rockefeller’s business and philanthropic and political connections is perhaps unequaled,” said Ron Chernow, the author of “Titan,” a 1998 biography of John D. Rockefeller. David Rockefeller’s death closes a chapter in the family’s storied history. Known simply as “The Brothers,” David, Laurance, John, Nelson and Winthrop traversed the intersecting worlds of business, politics, philanthropy and the arts as no other U.S. family had ever done. Laurance, who died in 2004, was a venture capitalist, environmentalist and adviser to five U.S. presidents on conservation. Nelson, who died in 1979, was the four-term New York governor and U.S. vice president under President Gerald Ford. John D. Rockefeller III, the oldest brother who was killed in a 1978 automobile accident, led the fundraising effort to develop New York’s Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. Winthrop, who died in 1973, was the former governor of Arkansas. Their sister, Abby Rockefeller Mauze, known as “Babs,” died in 1976. Once the nation’s wealthiest family, the Rockefellers today pale in comparison with 21st century tycoons such as Microsoft Corp. co-founder Bill Gates or investor Warren Buffett. Rockefeller once joked that he was the only Rockefeller of his generation who had to “work for a living.” He was either chairman, president or CEO of Chase from 1957 to 1981, creating a global financial institution, traveling to 103 countries and meeting with dozens of presidents, kings and prime ministers. He accumulated about 150,000 names in an electronic Rolodex. “Because I started sooner, I think I probably knew more heads of state than anyone else, possibly with the exception of Henry Kissinger, but maybe even including” him, Rockefeller said in a December 2003 interview. Rockefeller was criticized for meeting with dictators including Cuba’s Fidel Castro and Iraq’s Saddam Hussein. A member of the Council on Foreign Relations for more than 60 years and its chairman for 15, Rockefeller was also a frequent target of conspiracy theorists because of his membership in secretive international policy groups such as the Trilateral Commission and the Bilderberg Group. “Maybe in another 20 years I’ll outlive all my bad press,” Rockefeller said in the interview. At Chase, he outlasted rivals, scandals, operational problems and board pressure to retire on schedule at age 65. Today, Chase is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co., the biggest U.S. bank by assets, after Chemical Banking Corp. acquired Chase in 1995. The combined company added J.P. Morgan & Co. five years later and Bank One Corp. in 2004. Rockefeller said he was shocked by the merger with J.P. Morgan, which united the Rockefellers’ bank with the legendary bank of their only true early 20th-century rival for financial power, J. Pierpont Morgan. Rockefeller, as chairman of the Downtown-Lower Manhattan Association, and his brother Nelson, as governor, played key roles in developing the World Trade Center and the Wall Street financial district in the 1960s and 1970s. They sought to boost the lower Manhattan office market as their father had, at their urging, worked to shore up Midtown during the Great Depression by building the Rockefeller Center complex. During their construction, the Twin Towers were often dubbed “David” and “Nelson” by the press. Rockefeller, who watched the twin towers burn from his 56th-floor Rockefeller Center office on Sept. 11, 2001, was an honorary member of the panel to design a memorial to the victims of the terrorist attacks. In 2002, David Rockefeller published “Memoirs,” the first autobiography by a member of his family since his grandfather’s “Reminiscences of Men and Events” in 1909. Reviewers described the book as a rare candid view of a private family, with discussions of fraternal schisms and his wife’s depression, though they said it lacked sensationalism and soul-baring. Rockefeller wrote of his grandfather with reverence, parrying old depictions of John D. Rockefeller Sr. as a greedy, ruthless robber baron. He defended Standard Oil’s industry monopoly. “That was Grandfather’s greatest achievement: building the petroleum industry and, in the process, creating the modern corporation,” he wrote. “It was an organizational triumph that transformed the business world.” David was the first Rockefeller to unite the more than 100 descendants of John Sr. He was the organizer of annual family meetings at the Rockefeller estate at Pocantico Hills, which overlooks the Hudson River north of New York City. He encouraged his relatives’ philanthropic and educational efforts, such as his son David’s role as chairman of the National Parks Foundation. None of the fourth-generation Rockefellers are likely to replace David as the family’s standard-bearer. “No one can step into his shoes,” said Warren T. “Lindy” Lindquist, Rockefeller’s World War II buddy and business associate, in a 1995 interview with The New York Times. “Not because they aren’t good, smart, talented people but because it’s just a different world, and they have different interests.” Lindquist died in 2003. David Rockefeller was born on June 12, 1915, in New York, the youngest child of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who spent most of his time preserving John Sr.’s philanthropy, and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller. Rockefeller attended the experimental Lincoln School of Columbia University’s Teachers College in Manhattan and graduated from Harvard College in 1936. He studied at the London School of Economics and received a Ph.D. in economics in 1940 from the University of Chicago, which his family had founded. His thesis, “Unused Resources and Economic Waste,” argued that capitalists seek not only to make money but also to serve their employees and society. Also in 1940, he married Margaret “Peggy” McGrath, who died in 1996. They had two sons and four daughters. In his first job, Rockefeller drafted replies to letters sent to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia for $1 a year. When World War II broke out, he resisted signing up for service until his mother urged him to do his military duty. Rockefeller declined to use his father’s influence to secure an officer’s commission, enlisting as an Army private. He served from 1942 until 1945, rising to captain.He joined Chase National Bank, where his uncle, Winthrop Aldrich, was chairman, in 1946 at the age of 30. Rockefeller’s father -- and before that, his grandfather -- had long been the bank’s biggest individual shareholders, and the family held two board seats. Though tagged as a spoiled rich kid by Aldrich’s successor, John J. McCloy, Rockefeller rode the subway to work for a decade and worked his way up through various departments, including a stint overseeing the Latin America business, to become co-CEO after McCloy retired in 1960. McCloy, Rockefeller wrote, was indecisive about a successor. Rockefeller threatened to quit when board members discussed having George Champion, who was 11 years older and had been with the bank two decades longer, as sole CEO for a time. Instead, Rockefeller shared power for eight years with Champion before he was named the sole CEO in 1969. During the 1960s, Rockefeller used his family name and global contacts to increase foreign branches to 73 from 11. Chase was the first Western bank to open branches in Moscow and Beijing, and it made loans in Africa, Asia and Latin America. Rockefeller also hired management professor Peter Drucker as a consultant and created human resources, marketing and planning departments. Critics said Rockefeller’s international focus led to the neglect of Chase’s everyday operations. By the early 1970s, the bank had suffered shaky real estate investments, bond losses that forced it to restate earnings, bad loans and technological problems. Citibank, which would become Citigroup Inc., was closing in on Chase’s market share. Rockefeller was forced to focus simultaneously on the bank’s internal deficiencies and global expansion. In “Memoirs,” he said he had to fight to keep his job in 1975, with director and family adviser J. Richardson Dilworth telling him during a helicopter flight up the Hudson River that he had limited time to turn the bank around. A week later, the board gave him another year, and after restructuring management and the way the bank made loans, he was able to continue until his retirement in 1981, just before he turned 66. Foremost a financier, Rockefeller was often a conduit for high-level diplomacy on his Chase trips, flying more than 5 million miles and meeting 200 heads of state in 35 years. He developed a close relationship with then-Secretary of State Kissinger, a longtime adviser to his brother Nelson, and argued for President Richard Nixon’s overtures to Communist China in the early 1970s. In the 1960s and early 1970s, protesters targeted him as a power behind U.S. foreign policy, including the Vietnam War. Some of his own children then in college opposed his politics, and he wrote about heated dinner table arguments with his daughter Abby, a draft-resistance counselor drawn to Marxism. Rockefeller focused on managing family affairs after his Chase retirement. Since the 1940s the brothers held formal meetings, with David serving as secretary, that continued until the late 1970s. “The five of us had had widely diverging and, in some ways, conflicting interests,” he wrote, “but largely because of these regular get-togethers we maintained a basic respect and affection for one another, something that has not always been the case with other wealthy families.” In 1979, David, Laurance, and the widows of John and Nelson organized Rockefeller & Co., an outgrowth of the family office started by their grandfather when he moved to New York from Cleveland a century earlier. The firm has since branched out as a wealth manager for clients not affiliated with the family. David Rockefeller estimated that his father lost $110 million in 20 years on his stake in Rockefeller Center, which was started in 1932 as a show of faith in the U.S. economy. David later served as chairman of Rockefeller Center Properties Inc., which held the mortgage, and worked to avert a mid-1990s financial collapse after its purchase by Japan’s Mitsubishi Estate Corp. In January 1995, the 79-year-old Rockefeller flew to Japan to try to persuade Mitsubishi not to put the property in bankruptcy. He broke his leg walking into Mitsubishi’s offices, then stayed to plead his case before heading to the hospital for treatment. Three months later, the filing occurred anyway. A year later, Rockefeller bought the center back in partnership with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. In 2001, the group sold it to New York developer Tishman Speyer Properties at a profit, ending seven decades of family control. Rockefeller upheld the family’s philanthropic tradition, giving away more than $900 million during his lifetime. In 1940, he joined the board of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, established in 1901 by his grandfather, and a decade later succeeded his father as board chairman, serving for 25 years. The Institute was renamed Rockefeller University in 1965. He endowed the David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies at Harvard and was chairman of the school’s board of overseers. Inheriting a love of art from his mother, Rockefeller amassed a collection of modern and impressionist works valued at more than $500 million in the early 1990s. After his mother’s death in 1948, he took her seat on the board of the Museum of Modern Art, serving more than 16 years as chairman between 1958 and 1993. Rockefeller remained sharp and agile into his 90s, going to the office daily at 10 a.m. and leaving at 5 p.m. He exercised before work, and sometimes drank a glass of white wine with lunch. Leadership of the family now falls upon the generation known as “The Cousins,” the great-grandchildren of John D. Rockefeller. David Rockefeller said he was confident his six children and grandchildren would carry on the philanthropic and activist legacy of the family’s century-old fortune. “If they will have learned the important things about life and how to lead it, that could be my greatest contribution,” Rockefeller said in a May 2007 interview. “I have reason to think that they will.” � Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: George HW Bush: Rockefeller was valuable adviser By Associated Press Published: 14:34 EDT, 20 March 2017 | Updated: 14:34 EDT, 20 March 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on the death of billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller (all times local): 2:25 p.m. Former President George H.W. Bush says David Rockefeller's connections and "keen aptitude for issues" made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties. FILE - In this May 8, 1984 file photo, David Rockefeller, left, chairman of the Council Americas, shakes hands with President Ronald Reagan at the State Department in Washington. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/Ira Schwarz, File) Bush says in a statement that he and his wife, Barbara, are "deeply saddened" by the death of their "wonderful friend." He calls Rockefeller one of the "brightest Points of Light." A spokesman says Rockefeller died in his sleep Monday morning at his home in Pocantico (poh-KAN'-tih-koh) Hills, New York. He was 101. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of six children born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. ___ 10:40 a.m. A billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family has died. David Rockefeller was 101 years old. Rockefeller's spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel (sy-TEHL'), says he died peacefully in his sleep Monday morning at his home in Pocantico (poh-KAN'-tih-koh) Hills, New York. Rockefeller was the sixth child of John D. Rockefeller Jr. and the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller. With the passing of his elder siblings, Rockefeller was at the head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that range from environmental conservation to the arts. He also headed what is now JP Morgan Chase bank. To mark his 100th birthday in 2015, he gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to Maine. FILE - In this May 15, 2007, file photo, David Rockefeller participates in the C40 Large Cities Climate Summit in New York. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. He was 101 years old. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) FILE - In this June 1973, file photo, David Rockefeller, left, meets with with Chinese Premier Chou En-lai in Peking. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/File) FILE - In this June 16, 1982, file photo, David Rockefeller, second left, Rockefeller Center chairman and Center President Richard H. Voell, left, and New York City Board of Education President Joseph Barker, right, begin to slice up an eight-foot-tall culinary replica of Rockefeller Center in New York. The occasion marked the 50th birthday celebration of the midtown building complex. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/Ray Howard, File) FILE - In this March 10, 1971, file photo, David Rockefeller, left, chairman of the Chase Manhattan Bank, talks with Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir after his arrival in Israel. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/File) FILE - In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/D. Pickoff, File) FILE - In this Nov. 28, 1967, file photo, the five Rockefeller Brothers pose for photos in New York as they gather to receive gold medals from the National Institute of social sciences. From left are: David Rockefeller, President of the Chase Manhattan Bank; Winthrop Rockefeller, Governor of Arkansas; Frank Pace, President of the NISS; John D. Rockefeller 3rd, Chairman of the Rockefeller Foundation; Nelson Rockefeller, Governor of New York; and Laurence Rockefeller, a conservation adviser to President Johnson. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died. David Rockefeller was 101 years old. (AP Photo/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  'We're sending all our prayers': Duchess of Cambridge pays tribute to victims of the London terrorist attack as she shrugs off security fears to launch a mental health campaign  Flustered Holly Willoughby is forced to address pregnancy rumours as cheeky Keith Lemon demands to know if she's expecting Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... as love interest Amber shows him what he's missing in bikini selfie Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday 'I've flashed my my spanx, my KNICKERS!' Adele gives audiences an eyeful as she slumps on stage after a BUG crawls into her shoe during Auckland concert Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Home News Deals People Research Property Types Property Types Market Rate Luxury Affordable Student Housing Military Housing Senior Housing Condo RRA Sells 2 Philadelphia Assets for $13M Market Rate RRA Sells 2 Philadelphia Assets for $13M Berkadia Arranges Sale of Arizona Community Slideshow Berkadia Arranges Sale of Arizona Community Atlanta, Louisville Properties Trade for $74M Slideshow 23 March 2017 09:56 Greysteel Leads Sale of DC Affordable Community Affordable 22 March 2017 18:57 Nevada Apartment Community Breaks Ground Slideshow 22 March 2017 18:42 Abro Secures 2 Brooklyn Assets for $47M Luxury 22 March 2017 16:16 Class A Multifamily Community Breaks Ground in Austin Market Rate 22 March 2017 14:38 Business Specialties Business Specialties Finance & Investment Development Architecture & Design Operations Marketing Video: Blackfin on Establishing a New Investment Firm Video Video: Blackfin on Establishing a New Investment Firm Product Spotlight: Schlage LE Series Lock Video Product Spotlight: Schlage LE Series Lock Gateway Procures Suburban St. Louis Apartments Finance & Investment 23 March 2017 08:04 Avanath Secures Hudson Valley Workforce Property Development 22 March 2017 14:05 Slideshow: Peak Campus Wins UNH Housing Management Slideshow 22 March 2017 10:46 Mesa West Enters Nashville with $88M Refi Finance & Investment 22 March 2017 08:31 Awards Polls Multimedia Multimedia Videos Podcasts Slideshows Q&A: The Rise of Urbanization Video Slideshow: Muse Luxury Tower Reaches Completion Slideshow KFA Completes The Micropolitan At Larchmont Village Slideshow HFF Facilitates $65M Financing for CityCentre by Anca Gagiuc Mar 20, 2017 Houston South Finance & Investment More News Mar202017 CityCentre consists of retail, office, hotel and residential space. CityCentre, Houston, Texas Houston—HFF arranged $65 million in interim financing for the retail component of CityCentre, a mixed-use urban development near Houston’s Energy Corridor. The borrower is a partnership between Midway and L&B Realty Advisors. HFF secured financing through JPMorgan and First Tennessee Bank. Executive Managing Director Scott Galloway and Managing Director Colby Mueck led the debt placement team representing the borrower. CityCentre was developed by the borrower in 2007 and consists of retail, office, hotel and residential space surrounded by European-style, open-air plazas and green spaces. Located at 800 Town and Country Blvd., at the southeastern corner of Interstate 10 and Beltway 8, the retail center is situated in one of the wealthiest ZIP codes in Texas. Here, more than 10,800 residents who earn an average annual household income of more than $169,800 live within one-mile radius of the property. The 307,509-square-foot retail element is leased to high-national and regional retailers and restaurants such as Studio Movie Grill, west elm, Sur La Table, Eddie V’s, BRIO Tuscan Grille, Charming Charlie, H&M, Urban Outfitters and Anthropologie. Image courtesy of CityCentre Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email First Tennessee Bank HFF L&B Realty Advisors Midway Companies Related Posts Matrix Monthly: February Rent Growth Scores Love-Love 21 March 2017 08:11 Preiss Adds to Its Student Housing Portfolio 09 March 2017 08:34 Capital One Closes $28M Refi Loan for Houston Community 28 February 2017 14:58 Peak Campus Awarded 2 Texas Student Housing Communities 22 February 2017 17:48 Hunt Mortgage Group Finances the Acquisition of Houston Community 20 February 2017 16:33 Top Stories Abro Secures 2 Brooklyn Assets for $47M… 22 March 2017 16:16 Class A Multifamily Community Breaks Ground in Austin… 22 March 2017 14:38 Avanath Secures Poughkeepsie Workforce Property… 22 March 2017 14:05 Yardi Matrix: Fever Pitch—Atlanta Demand Heats Up… 22 March 2017 13:18 Economy Watch: More Than One-Third of Millennials Live with P… 22 March 2017 12:59 More Top Stories About Us Contact Advertising Editorial Guidelines Industry Links Archive Tags Subscribe to MHN News by City Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Baton Rouge Boston Charleston Charlotte Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Columbia Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit Durham Hampton Roads Honolulu Houston Indianapolis Jacksonville Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New Orleans New York Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Portland Providence Raleigh Richmond Salt Lake City San Antonio San Diego San Francisco Seattle St. Louis Tampa Tucson Tulsa Washington DC Connect with MHN Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Yardi Companies and Affiliates Point2 Point2 Homes PropertyShark YES Energy Management MCEnergy Yardi Matrix Yardi Marketplace Commercial Property Executive Optimus RENTCafé Digital Editions Magazine Archive © 2017 - Multi-Housing News Online
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad David Rockefeller, last grandchild of John D. Rockefeller, dies By Afp Published: 13:38 EDT, 20 March 2017 | Updated: 16:13 EDT, 20 March 2017 e-mail 152 shares David Rockefeller, pictured in 2010, a former chief executive of Chase Manhattan bank, was an outspoken champion of American capitalism Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and a luminary in political circles, died Monday at the age of 101, a spokesman said. He died in his sleep due to congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, just north of New York City, spokesman Fraser Seitel said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, Forbes magazine ranked David Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires released Monday, estimating his fortune of $3.3 billion. He led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s, and his accomplishments included opening the first Moscow offices of an American bank and the first in mainland China after President Richard Nixon's 1972 visit there. He also oversaw the growth of Chase Manhattan's operations in the Middle East, Latin America and Japan, Seitel said. Rockefeller also was well known in political circles in the United States and overseas, where he encountered heads of states from close to 100 countries and was known as an outspoken champion of American capitalism. He was offered the post of Treasury secretary by presidents Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon, but turned both men down, the New York Times reported. Rockefeller famously helped persuade then-president Carter to allow the shah of Iran into the United States for cancer treatment in 1979. The move was widely seen as spurring the Iranian revolution led by the Islamic fundamentalist Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. - Family tradition of philanthropy - Born in 1915, Rockefeller grew up in a mansion in Manhattan and attended Harvard College and then the University of Chicago, where he received a Ph.D. in Economics. He enlisted in the Army and served during World War II in North Africa and Southwestern France. The French government awarded him the Legion of Honor with the rank of Chevalier in 1945. Rockefeller joined Chase National Bank in 1946 as an assistant manager in the foreign department before subsequently overseeing the bank's business in Latin America. He became co-chief executive in 1961 and later sole chief executive before retiring in 1981. Rockefeller, along with brother Nelson, who was governor of New York state and later vice president under Gerald Ford, helped lead the development of the World Trade Center in the 1960s and 1970s in lower Manhattan. The Twin Towers were dubbed in the press "David" and "Nelson." The move continued a family tradition that had included the family's efforts to spur the building of Rockefeller Center during the Great Depression. Among his other most important civic roles, Rockefeller served as chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations and executive committee chair of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother founded. Rockefeller Foundation President Rajiv Shah said in a statement "the world has lost a great man and philanthropist." Former president George H.W. Bush praised Rockefeller as "one of the most generous philanthropists" whose "keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable advisor to Presidents of both parties -- yours truly certainly included." Former president Bill Clinton hailed Rockefeller as "a consummate businessman, a great humanitarian, and a serious scholar." Rockefeller's grandfather was one of the original American "robber baron" tycoons of the 19th and early 20th centuries, employing brass-knuckles business tactics to build his oil empire before the US Supreme Court ruled in 1911 that his Standard Oil company should be broken up. Today's oil giants, including ExxonMobil and Chevron, are descendants of Standard Oil. Ironically, Rockefeller philanthropic organizations have strongly supported action on climate change policy, putting them at odds with oil companies like ExxonMobil. They also provide financing to research and journalism groups that accused the oil giant of knowingly supporting propaganda questioning the science of climate change. The Rockefeller family has been active in philanthropy since patriarch John D. Rockefeller, who funded medical research and higher education programs. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller University and Harvard are each expected to receive some $100 million upon the death of David Rockefeller, according to the magazine Inside Philanthropy. Share or comment on this article e-mail 152 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ 'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
seqvytvtc Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 2 + 2? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 2 + 2? Email for new password What is 2 + 2? Home » Financial Advisor » FA Online » A Six-Figure Income May Not Shield You From a Shock March 23, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2016 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share A Six-Figure Income May Not Shield You From a Shock March 20, 2017 • Suzanne Woolley Loading Other Articles... Here's a question, as Congress thrashes out the health-care bill: How well prepared are you for a sudden spike in expenses from a medical emergency? Or, for that matter, for a lost job or surprise tax bill? When your cash flow is strong, it's easy to skate along without paying much attention to how your monthly income and spending bounce around. As long as the checking account looks good, you're good—until you're not, because an unexpected expense or drop in income, perhaps at the same time, makes what seemed a perfectly fine cash cushion look alarmingly thin.  It happens to all of us, even those making six-figure incomes, according to a new report from the JPMorgan Chase Institute, a think tank the bank launched in 2015 to do deep-dive economic analysis drawing on its proprietary customer transaction database.  The database shows about a 30 percent median fluctuation in levels of both family income and spending from month to month across income brackets. That determined the amount of cash a household would need to weather typical swings in income and spending. The greatest amount turned out to be a $5,300 monthly variation, for households of people between the ages of 35 and 54 with household income above $104,600. The $5,300 is the cash that household would need to have on hand if its income declined by 30 percent and its spending increased by 30 percent in the same month. Most of the volatility in take-home pay (86 percent) is tied to fluctuation in paycheck amounts and how many paychecks come in a month—anyone paid weekly or biweekly on Fridays gets an extra paycheck in some months of the year. The other 14 percent is tied to job loss. Health care, auto expenses, and taxes were often behind the spikes the analysts found in spending data. The report notes that "four in 10 families make an extraordinary payment of roughly $1,500 related to medical services, auto repair, or taxes in a given year." The money for that may come from tax refunds: The think tank found that April is when medical bills were paid most frequently. To judge whether the various households had the liquid assets to cover their fluctuations, the think tank used data from the U.S. census (which don't match up perfectly with its own age and income ranges). One conclusion: The $5,300 wouldn't be a big issue for the households with income above $104,600. The institute also measured for an even worse storm, to see if households had liquid assets to meet the challenges posed by the 90 percentile of  "adverse income and spending fluctuations" measured. The high-earning households could meet that demand, too, but they'd be covering that extreme exposure by a thin margin. The cash cushion needed was $13,800; the liquid assets on hand, $13,500. That $13,800 is what a relatively well-heeled Chase client would need if he or she got hit with a double whammy in one month, with income going down as expenses rise. The institute measured that after finding that within a given month, there was very little correlation between income and spending. So the chances of income going down while spending went up became part of the "stress test" the institute ran on household finances. First « 1 2 » Next To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you think comprehensive tax reform will be passed in 2017? Yes No View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Non-Standard Finance PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Receives “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shore Capital reiterated their buy rating on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC (LON:NSF) in a report published on Friday morning. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 92 ($1.14) price target on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Peel Hunt reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 106 ($1.31) price target on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Non-Standard Finance PLC (LON:NSF) traded up 1.116% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting GBX 56.625. 73,529 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 60.99 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 63.26. The stock’s market cap is GBX 179.53 million. Non-Standard Finance PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 51.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 77.00. Your IP Address: The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 20th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a GBX 0.90 ($0.01) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.5%. This is a positive change from Non-Standard Finance PLC’s previous dividend of $0.30. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. Non-Standard Finance PLC Company Profile Non-Standard Finance plc operates in the United-Kindom’s non-standard consumer finance sector. The Company operates through four divisions: Central, Loans at Home, Everyday Loans and Trusttwo. The Company has Home Credit Division of S&U plc (S&U), which trades as Loans at Home. Loans at Home provides home credit and serves approximately 98,000 customers. Receive News & Ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Fevertree Drinks PLC (FEVR) Given Hold Rating at Whitman Howard Next » Sidoti Upgrades Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) to “Buy” Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nestle SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NCR Co. (NCR) Major Shareholder Holdings L.P. Blackstone III Sells 3,002,753 Shares of Stock Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Director Frank R. Martire Sells 305,500 Shares of Stock International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Major Shareholder Winder Investment Pte Ltd Buys 100,000 Shares of Stock Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) CEO Mary Dillon Sells 33,955 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Williams Capital Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Mizuho Carnival Corp (CCL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Greif, Inc. (GEF) Price Target Increased to $53.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Receives Outperform Rating from JMP Securities Toro Co (TTC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Given New C$20.00 Price Target at CIBC Target Co. (TGT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” BCE’s (BCE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities Chromadex Corp (CDXC) Given a $6.00 Price Target by HC Wainwright Analysts American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII) Upgraded to Outperform at Cowen and Company Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) PT Lowered to C$1.40 Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Nestle SA (NESN) Given a CHF 81 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a CHF 81 price objective on Nestle SA (VTX:NESN) in a research report released on Friday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on NESN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a CHF 78 price objective on Nestle SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Kepler Capital Markets set a CHF 83 price objective on Nestle SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Baader Bank set a CHF 79 price objective on Nestle SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Deutsche Bank AG set a CHF 85 price objective on Nestle SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a CHF 73.50 price objective on Nestle SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Nestle SA presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of CHF 81.08. Shares of Nestle SA (VTX:NESN) traded up 0.13% during midday trading on Friday, reaching CHK 77.30. The company had a trading volume of 4,164,565 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of CHK 74.17 and a 200 day moving average of CHK 73.55. Nestle SA has a 12-month low of CHK 67.00 and a 12-month high of CHK 80.05. Your IP Address: Nestle SA Company Profile Nestle SA is a nutrition, health and wellness company. The Company’s segments are Zone Europe, Middle East and North Africa (EMENA); Zone Americas (AMS); Zone Asia, Oceania and sub-Saharan Africa (AOA); Nestle Waters; Nestle Nutrition, and Other Businesses. The Company operates in the United States, Greater China Region, Switzerland and Rest of the World. Receive News & Ratings for Nestle SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Same-old-same-old pay raise?•VA's hiring problem•Military's backbone•ICE needs 10K agents Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By master and The Associated Press March 20, 2017 1:03 pm 6 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS US stocks drift in midday trade; tech gains while banks fall NEW YORK (AP) — Major U.S. indexes are little changed today as technology and basic materials companies rise but energy and bank stocks fall. Stocks in Europe fell after the British government said it will formally begin the process of leaving the European Union next week. Online Chat: Beth Killoran, deputy assistant secretary for Information Technology and chief information officer at HHS, on March 28. At 12:46 p.m. Eastern Time, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 32 points, to 20,947. The S&P 500 index was flat at 2,338. And the Nasdaq composite added 8 points, to 5,909. Advertisement The Nasdaq Small-company stocks fell. The Russell 2000 was down 7 points, to 1,384. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. BRITAIN-BREXIT EU chief promises quick movement on Brexit talks LONDON (AP) — European Council President Donald Tusk says he will present draft guidelines for the negotiations on Britain’s departure from the EU within two days of London notifying its intention to leave on March 29. Tusk says in a tweet that “within 48 hours of the UK triggering Article 50, I will present the draft Brexit guidelines to the EU 27 member states.” By triggering Article 50 of the EU’s governing treaty, Britain will set in a motion a process that is expected to see it officially leave in early 2019. Once the draft negotiating guidelines have been accepted, the European Commission will legally recommend the starting of talks. The remaining 27 EU member states would then have to sign off on that move and formally give a mandate to French politician Michel Barnier to conduct the negotiations on their behalf. That process is likely to take at least a month, as a summit of EU leaders must be called. OBIT-DAVID ROCKEFELLER Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 NEW YORK (AP) — A billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family has died. David Rockefeller was 101 years old. Rockefeller’s spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel (sy-TEHL’), says he died peacefully in his sleep this morning at his home in Pocantico (poh-KAN’-tih-koh) Hills, New York. Rockefeller was the sixth child of John D. Rockefeller Jr. and the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller. With the passing of his elder siblings, Rockefeller was at the head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that range from environmental conservation to the arts. He also headed what is now JP Morgan Chase bank. To mark his 100th birthday in 2015, he gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to Maine. TRUMP-GATES Billionaire Gates meets with Trump to talk foreign aid WASHINGTON (AP) — Tech billionaire Bill Gates is meeting with President Donald Trump today to discuss progress in programs for global health and development as well as domestic education. Gates’ foundation says in a statement that the co-founder of Microsoft is highlighting the “indispensable role that the United States has played in achieving these gains.” Just days ago, the Trump administration submitted a budget blueprint that cuts foreign aid. The Trump administration’s budget message said it was time “to prioritize the security and well-being of Americans” and “ask the rest of the world to step up and pay its fair share.” YOUTUBE LGBTQ CONTENT YouTubers claim restrictions targeting gay-themed content UNDATED (AP) — YouTube is explaining why some gay-themed content is being restricted following complaints from users. Several uploaders have reported on Twitter that their videos had been filtered out for those browsing YouTube under its “restricted” setting. The complaints spawned the hashtag #YouTubeIsOverParty. One creator made a video to voice her complaints last week. YouTube says its restricted mode uses “community flagging, age-restrictions, and other signals to identify and filter out potentially inappropriate content.” YouTube further explained in a tweet Sunday that “LGBTQ+ videos are available in Restricted Mode, but videos that discuss more sensitive issues may not be.” YouTube says it regrets any confusion over the policy and says it’s looking into concerns. COMCAST CABLE-CEO Leadership change at Comcast cable as CEO Smit changes role NEW YORK (AP) — Comcast’s cable unit is switching up its leadership ranks, with longtime executive Dave Watson taking over for Neil Smit as CEO. Smit will become vice chairman of Comcast Corp. at the start of next month. Comcast says he’ll work with Watson on the transition for a few months, and then will work part time for the company. Watson, who has worked at Comcast for more than 25 years, has been chief operating officer of Comcast’s cable unit since 2010. Besides providing cable service, the Philadelphia cable giant also owns the NBCUniversal media conglomerate. GERMANY-EUROWINGS Eurowings entering arbitration on cabin crew labor dispute BERLIN (AP) — A union representing cabin crews working for Lufthansa’s budget unit Eurowings says it has agreed to open an arbitration process with the airline to resolve a long-standing dispute over pay and conditions. The UFO union says both sides had agreed on entering a binding process, and would hold talks over the coming days to decide upon an arbitrator. A rival union representing other cabin crew at Eurowings came to an agreement in December for a raise package over three years. The two unions have staged several strikes in the long-running dispute. Separately, Lufthansa reached a preliminary agreement on a labor deal with its pilots last week after a series of strikes that had repeatedly paralyzed the airline’s fleet. AUSTRALIA-GROUNDED PLANES Sydney airline grounds 5 planes after propeller drops off CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — In Australia, five Regional Express Airlines passenger planes have been grounded as a precaution after a near disaster in which a propeller fell off an airliner as it approached Sydney Airport. The Sydney-based airline, also known as Rex, says it’s grounded another five of its fleet of 55 Saab 340s because their propeller gear boxes and shafts were from the same series as the defective propeller. GENERAL ELECTRIC-LM WIND POWER EU clears General Electric acquisition of LM Wind Power BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union has cleared General Electric’s planned $1.65 billion acquisition of LM Wind Power, a Denmark-based manufacturer of rotor blades for wind turbines. The EU’s executive Commission says the takeover was approved unconditionally because the combined company “would continue to face effective competition in Europe.” It said that GE has a relatively small market share in onshore and offshore wind turbines and that LM, although it has a significant market share, has seen its market position decline over recent years. The planned acquisition was announced in October. IDEXX Maine-based Idexx Laboratories joins NASDAQ-100 Index WESTBROOK, Maine (AP) — Maine-based Idexx Laboratories Inc. is being added to the NASDAQ-100 Index, months after being added to the Standard and Poor’s 500. Idexx has more than 7,000 workers and is a major producer of pet diagnostic tests and other products for veterinarians. Its products are sold in 175 countries. CEO Jonathan Ayers says he’s pleased Idexx is on the NASDAQ list alongside growth-oriented companies that are “innovators of the modern economy.” GEORGIA PORTS Georgia ports report 2nd straight month of record growth SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) — The Georgia Ports Authority is reporting its second consecutive month of record growth, saying an expanded Panama Canal is driving up cargo volumes more rapidly than expected. The state’s seaports in Savannah and Brunswick handled 2.94 million tons of imports and exports in February, up nearly 10 percent from the same month last year. It was also the Georgia ports’ second-highest monthly tonnage ever, just shy of the record 3.02 million tons recorded in January. Topics: All News Business News Government News Media News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1983: Reagan calls for new antimissile technology Federal News Radio presents a daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Photo of the Day Gary Sinise receives award at USO awards dinner Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Top Stories Workforce 'horror stories' leave jobs unfilled, CBP, ICE tell Senate Top Story Air Force and Army will be hit hard by yearlong CR Defense Will Trump follow longstanding tradition for adjusting federal pay in 2018? Pay Why some lawmakers are making recruitment calls to get new talent into the VA Hearings/Oversight 10 years later, State better equipped for anticipated flood of passport applications Exclusive THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 22, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6847 0.0055 1.39% L 2020 25.0854 0.0102 2.42% L 2030 27.7720 0.0142 3.47% L 2040 29.8109 0.0167 3.99% L 2050 17.0466 0.0098 4.47% G Fund 15.2672 0.0010 0.38% F Fund 17.5956 0.0360 0.94% C Fund 32.5407 0.0620 5.95% S Fund 41.8781 0.0222 4.66% I Fund 26.2056 -0.0460 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Federal News Radio Featured Events, Partnerships, and Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe The Four Biggest U.S. Banks Top $1 Trillion by Lee J Miller More stories by Lee J Miller March 20, 2017, 12:01 PM EDT The four biggest U.S. banks were worth the most on record versus China’s "Big Four" this month, as JPMorgan Chase & Co., Wells Fargo & Co., Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup Inc. rallied 30 percent since Donald Trump was elected president. The American quartet’s combined market value closed above $1 trillion for the first time last month, a milestone Industrial & Commercial Bank Ltd., China Construction Bank Corp., Bank of China Ltd. and Agricultural Bank of China Ltd. surpassed in 2015. The four Chinese banks, the world’s most profitable, were worth about the same as the U.S. foursome as recently as June. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} views Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} 4 Tips To Help Your Business Flourish On Social Media {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By Jason Fell Hear tips from LinkedIn and Twitter experts at the recent Chase for Business Conference. This story originally appeared on Entrepreneur.com as part of coverage of the 2016 Chase for Business Conference. Social media is one of the biggest opportunities to market your business. Research shows that people spend nearly a quarter of their total time online surfing social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. JPMorgan Chase Whether you're new to social media or simply wondering how you can do it better, here are some helpful reminders. Your customers are on social media. That means you should be, too. But marketing over social isn't simply about creating a page or a profile, posting once every few months and expecting magic to happen. Social-media marketing requires time, attention and strategy. This was the topic of discussion during a session at the Chase for Business Conference in New York City, featuring Jia Hyun, Head of North American Marketing Solutions at LinkedIn, and Jeff Melei, Director of Sales at Twitter. Whether you're new to social media or simply wondering how you can do it better, here are some helpful reminders Hyun and Melei shared in order to maximize the power of social for business. 1. Be human: One trap that business owners commonly fall into is posting content that seems robotic. For example, simply posting headlines and links without reacting to or engaging with customers. Highlighting your brand's voice or your values through social is critical. "Your tone and interactions on social should be the same as any other real-world communication you'd have with a human," Hyun said. "Be thoughtful. Be real." Your brand is more than just your product or service. It's your story, your voice and how you communicate with your customers. The same goes over social media. One of the biggest things to keep in mind is the "tone" of your brand, Melei, said. "Are you funny? Witty? Sarcastic? A thought leader," he asked. "You need to know your tone and what you're providing." 2. Post consistently: Don't go dark over social media. Come up with a consistent posting schedule. "Successful posters that engage their customers post 20 times per month on average, even if they don't have a dedicated social media department," Hyun said. Twenty times a month sounds like a lot, but it doesn't have to be. Hyun recommended mixing shorter social posts—like re-sharing links or videos from other sources—with longer ones, such as blog posts you've written explaining how to do something or discussing trends that are of interest to your customers. Hyun also stressed the importance of varying the types of content you share. For example, for every five of your posts, four should be about topics that your customers are passionate about, she said, while one can be a promotion or an announcement related to your business. In other words, don't use social media solely as a channel to broadcast news about your brand. 3. Win them with positivity: One fear many business owners have about social media is dealing with angry or unsatisfied customers. Twitter's Melei highlighted a social strategy called "positive active." The idea is to always be as positive as possible while actively trying to find a resolution for the customer. It's something every brand can emulate, he said. If a conversation with a customer becomes especially emotional or complicated, you can move into a non-public medium, such as email or direct messaging on Twitter, Melei noted. 4. Resist the urge to be everywhere all the time: Your social media strategy should be just that: strategic. The more you know about your customers, the more you'll understand their habits. Your customers probably aren't active on every single social network, and neither should your brand. "It's a test and learn process," Hyun said. "Experiment with different platforms to find where your customers are and where you should be most active. The data will tell you if you're engaging." Jason Fell is a Chase News contributor. He oversees Entrepreneur.com's Partner Studio, and previously served as the media outlet's managing editor. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} views Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} How 'Squeezed' Is In The Business Of Keeping Things Fresh {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe When David Ojobaro started Squeezed, a cold-pressed juice business, he got two hours of sleep a night. He began juicing at 6 a.m., and made deliveries in the wee hours. JPMorgan Chase "Starting a company was a big risk, but it all paid off." -David Ojobaro In his more haggard moments, Ojobaro felt grateful to be a digital-only company. "Behind a website, no one could see how tired I was," the 36-year-old entrepreneur says, with a laugh. "If somebody called, I'd make my voice cheery." Four years later, Ojobaro has caught up on his sleep. Squeezed now has 23 full-time employees, and ships 50,000 bottles from its warehouse in Houston, Texas, each month. Football stars tout the benefits of the company's niche business: juice cleanse—or detox. Squeezed also maintains contracts with about 15 gyms, yoga studios and meal-delivery services. Marketing the freshest juice in town With a background in sales and marketing, Ojobaro knows that advertising is crucial to growing a business: "You have to spend money to make money," he says. Each week, Squeezed hosts a contest on social media, rewarding $200 for the best tagged photo of its juice. These contests help Ojobaro promote his brand and build loyalty with existing customers. Ojobaro uses his Chase Ink Business Card to fund his advertising budget, including radio and television commercials, which has proven to result in many new orders each month. This spring, Ojobaro cashed in 60,000 points that he earned with his Ink card to create a pop-up pick-your-own juice bar in downtown Los Angeles. He turned a concrete alley into an oasis with orange and apple trees, ginger root, kale and basil plants. "The whole idea was to show we have the freshest juice in town," Ojobaro says. "It doesn't get any fresher than being able to pick the fruits and veggies right out of the soil." It was a way to get the juice into the hands of customers who might not order it blindly online. Some people, Ojobaro concedes, need to feel or taste something before buying it, which is the downside of a web-only business. The juice bar demonstrated that "our ingredients are the real deal and our product is as advertised," he says. For existing customers who saw the pop-up on social media, it confirmed the authenticity of the product and solidified their loyalty to Squeezed. A commitment to health Ojobaro has always been passionate about health and fitness. He studied kinesiology at Texas A&M University, and goes for three-mile pre-dawn runs. When his wife, Emily, made fresh juice one day, he immediately felt good, but it wasn't until he tried a four-day detox that he saw the business potential in juicing. "I didn't have any food, but I had so much energy," he remembers. "I lost 11 pounds and my sleep was better. The detox just seemed like a slam dunk." Most people plan ahead for a detox and get juice delivered, so it made sense for Squeezed to be an online company, rather than a brick-and-mortar shop. This also kept overhead costs low. Ojobaro funded Squeezed himself, and the company grew quickly. In five months, Ojobaro broke even. And after two years, Ojobaro says he was making $400,000 a month in revenue. "Starting the company was a big risk, but it all paid off." Eyeing new opportunities At the moment, most of Squeezed's customers are in Houston. But Ojobaro sees his customer base shifting to a wholesale, or "co-pack" model. This would involve making juice for other companies that would sell it under their own label, or distributing it to places like gyms. "With the wholesale method we could sell all over the state, or beyond," Ojobaro says. The pick-your-own juice bar and a subsequent Chase commercial featuring Ojobaro and his pop-up shop helped give Squeezed broader credibility. "It opened the door to a lot of businesses that went, 'Wow, those guys really are legit,'" says Ojobaro, who saw revenue spike after the commercial aired. It was proof that creative marketing can reap tangible rewards, appropriate for a brand committed to keeping it fresh. David Ojobaro and other small business owners found creative ways to use the points earned on their Chase Ink card to invest in their business. Learn more about the Chase Ink Business Card. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Global Blood Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 25,000 Shares of Stock Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Raises Dividend to $0.13 Per Share U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (GROW) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.00 Investors Buy Prologis Inc (PLD) on Weakness After Insider Selling Repligen Co. (RGEN) CFO Jon Snodgres Sells 1,909 Shares of Stock Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Joseph David Stilwell Purchases 4,700 Shares of Stock Viveve Medical Inc (VIVE) CEO Patricia Scheller Purchases 12,500 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) Insider Carissa Lynn Rodeheaver Acquires 2,873 Shares Bacanora Minerals Ltd (BCN) Director James Digby Ronald Strauss Acquires 27,000 Shares of Stock Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 2,098 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 3,278 Shares of Stock KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Director Karen A. Twitchell Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Curtis Darrell Bartlett Sells 16,834 Shares of Stock Cantor Fitzgerald Begins Coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cantor Fitzgerald began coverage on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:GBT) in a research report report published on Wednesday. The brokerage issued an overweight rating and a $61.00 price target on the stock. “Preventing Sickling. GBT440 prevents the formation of abnormal shape (sickling) of red blood cells (RBCs) by modifying hemoglobin to more-strongly retain oxygen and prevent RBCs from entering a fully deoxygenated state. This mechanism of action is well-validated by studies of fetal hemoglobin (HbF), which is associated with a milder form of the disease for the small minority of patients who retain HbF into adulthood.”,” Cantor Fitzgerald’s analyst wrote. Several other analysts have also recently commented on GBT. Roth Capital set a $47.00 price target on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating and issued a $44.00 price target on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Wedbush set a $73.00 price target on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Instinet assumed coverage on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. They issued a buy rating and a $50.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Global Blood Therapeutics from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. Global Blood Therapeutics currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $51.23. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) traded up 0.474% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $37.075. The company had a trading volume of 254,283 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $25.85 and a 200-day moving average price of $20.00. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.61 billion. Global Blood Therapeutics has a 1-year low of $12.24 and a 1-year high of $39.65. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, March 13th. The company reported ($0.74) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.64) by $0.10. During the same period last year, the firm posted ($0.53) EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Global Blood Therapeutics will post ($2.76) earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in GBT. Oxford Asset Management boosted its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 264.5% in the fourth quarter. Oxford Asset Management now owns 140,845 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,035,000 after buying an additional 102,200 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 289,984 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,174,000 after buying an additional 4,024 shares in the last quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at about $335,000. Century Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 89.0% in the fourth quarter. Century Capital Management LLC now owns 179,601 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,595,000 after buying an additional 84,560 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK acquired a new stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at about $669,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 56.36% of the company’s stock. Global Blood Therapeutics Company Profile Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. The Company’s segment is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. Receive News & Ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hannover Rueck SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Williams Capital Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Mizuho Carnival Corp (CCL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Greif, Inc. (GEF) Price Target Increased to $53.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Receives Outperform Rating from JMP Securities Toro Co (TTC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Given New C$20.00 Price Target at CIBC Target Co. (TGT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” BCE’s (BCE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities Chromadex Corp (CDXC) Given a $6.00 Price Target by HC Wainwright Analysts American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII) Upgraded to Outperform at Cowen and Company Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) PT Lowered to C$1.40 Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Given New $102.00 Price Target at Instinet American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Given New $46.00 Price Target at Cowen and Company CVR Partners LP (UAN) Upgraded by Goldman Sachs Group Inc to Buy Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Exa Corp (EXA) Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Hannover Rueck SE (OTCMKTS:HVRRY) has received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the five brokerages that are presently covering the firm. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating on the company. A number of analysts recently commented on the company. HSBC Holdings plc upgraded Hannover Rueck SE from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Hannover Rueck SE from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Your IP Address: Shares of Hannover Rueck SE (OTCMKTS:HVRRY) remained flat at $58.60 on Monday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $56.35 and a 200-day moving average price of $54.46. The company has a market cap of $14.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.45 and a beta of 1.09. Hannover Rueck SE has a 1-year low of $48.76 and a 1-year high of $60.02. Hannover Rueck SE Company Profile Hannover Rueck SE is a reinsurance company. The Company operates through two segments: Property & Casualty reinsurance and Life & Health reinsurance. The Company under the Property & Casualty reinsurance segment is engaged in marine and aviation reinsurance, credit and surety reinsurance, business written on the London Market, as well as direct business and facultative reinsurance. Receive News & Ratings for Hannover Rueck SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pattern Energy Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 25,000 Shares of Stock Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Raises Dividend to $0.13 Per Share U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (GROW) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.00 Investors Buy Prologis Inc (PLD) on Weakness After Insider Selling Repligen Co. (RGEN) CFO Jon Snodgres Sells 1,909 Shares of Stock Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Joseph David Stilwell Purchases 4,700 Shares of Stock Viveve Medical Inc (VIVE) CEO Patricia Scheller Purchases 12,500 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) Insider Carissa Lynn Rodeheaver Acquires 2,873 Shares Bacanora Minerals Ltd (BCN) Director James Digby Ronald Strauss Acquires 27,000 Shares of Stock Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 2,098 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 3,278 Shares of Stock KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Director Karen A. Twitchell Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Curtis Darrell Bartlett Sells 16,834 Shares of Stock Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Now Covered by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on shares of Pattern Energy Group Inc (NASDAQ:PEGI) (TSE:PEG) in a research note released on Tuesday. The brokerage issued a neutral rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. PEGI has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Pattern Energy Group from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Saturday, February 11th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued an outperform rating on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a report on Friday, December 16th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued an outperform rating and issued a $28.00 price objective (down previously from $36.00) on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG assumed coverage on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a report on Thursday, November 17th. They issued an outperform rating and a $22.00 price objective for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Pattern Energy Group from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and cut their price objective for the company from $26.00 to $24.00 in a report on Friday, December 16th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $25.38. Shares of Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) opened at 20.41 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $20.14 and its 200 day moving average is $20.84. The company’s market capitalization is $1.78 billion. Pattern Energy Group has a 1-year low of $17.69 and a 1-year high of $25.13. Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.16 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.00 by $0.16. The firm earned $81.06 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $105.84 million. Pattern Energy Group had a negative net margin of 7.83% and a positive return on equity of 0.16%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 10.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.03 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Pattern Energy Group will post $0.06 EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a $0.4138 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This is a boost from Pattern Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.41. This represents a $1.66 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 8.11%. Pattern Energy Group’s payout ratio is presently -428.95%. In other news, Director Patricia S. Bellinger bought 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $19.74 per share, for a total transaction of $59,220.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 17,738 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $350,148.12. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 1.79% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of PEGI. American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. boosted its position in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 3.2% in the fourth quarter. American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. now owns 23,380 shares of the company’s stock valued at $444,000 after buying an additional 725 shares during the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 5.1% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 16,316 shares of the company’s stock valued at $367,000 after buying an additional 794 shares during the last quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd boosted its position in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 2.2% in the third quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd now owns 48,307 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,096,000 after buying an additional 1,029 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can boosted its position in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 1.4% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 128,524 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,891,000 after buying an additional 1,810 shares during the last quarter. Finally, RobecoSam USA Inc. boosted its position in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 16.5% in the third quarter. RobecoSam USA Inc. now owns 13,400 shares of the company’s stock valued at $301,000 after buying an additional 1,900 shares during the last quarter. Pattern Energy Group Company Profile Pattern Energy Group Inc is an independent power company focused on owning and operating power projects. The Company holds interests in over 18 wind power projects located in the United States, Canada and Chile with total capacity of over 2,644 megawatts (MW). Each of its projects has contracted to sell its output pursuant to a power sale agreement. Receive News & Ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing OneMain Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for OneMain Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) OneMain Holdings Inc (OMF) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of OneMain Holdings Inc (NYSE:OMF) have earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the eighteen ratings firms that are covering the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month price objective among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $26.54. Several analysts recently commented on the company. Wedbush raised OneMain Holdings from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $30.00 to $35.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. TheStreet raised OneMain Holdings from a “d” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Monday, February 13th. Compass Point raised OneMain Holdings from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $20.00 to $31.00 in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $30.00 price objective on shares of OneMain Holdings in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered OneMain Holdings from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price objective for the stock from $29.00 to $25.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. OneMain Holdings (NYSE:OMF) traded down 1.73% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $26.06. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 96,248 shares. OneMain Holdings has a 52-week low of $16.03 and a 52-week high of $33.31. The stock has a market cap of $3.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.39 and a beta of 2.70. The company’s 50 day moving average is $26.04 and its 200-day moving average is $25.75. OneMain Holdings (NYSE:OMF) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 13th. The company reported $0.80 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.01. OneMain Holdings had a return on equity of 18.93% and a net margin of 6.46%. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.77 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that OneMain Holdings will post $3.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. First Mercantile Trust Co. bought a new stake in OneMain Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $267,000. Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware bought a new stake in OneMain Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $215,000. Sippican Capital Advisors raised its stake in OneMain Holdings by 15.7% in the third quarter. Sippican Capital Advisors now owns 11,114 shares of the company’s stock valued at $344,000 after buying an additional 1,510 shares in the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System raised its stake in OneMain Holdings by 12.4% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 82,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,547,000 after buying an additional 9,100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Capital Fund Management S.A. bought a new stake in OneMain Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $2,467,000. 98.31% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Your IP Address: About OneMain Holdings OneMain Holdings, Inc is a financial services holding company. The Company is a consumer finance company, which is engaged in providing personal loan products; credit and non-credit insurance, and service loans owned by it and service or subservice loans owned by third-parties. The Company’s segments include Consumer and Insurance; Acquisitions and Servicing; Real Estate, and Other. Receive News & Ratings for OneMain Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for OneMain Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Next » Zacks Investment Research Lowers Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) to Sell Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Deutsche Bank AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News International Game Technology (IGT) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Boosts Position in Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc (RRTS) Fmr LLC Sells 72,265 Shares of CarMax, Inc (KMX) Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Stake Held by Fmr LLC Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Extraction Oil & Gas Inc Raised by Analyst (XOG) Analysts Set Coach Inc (COH) PT at $42.96 ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (RNR) Receives $133.45 Average Price Target from Analysts Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives $19.44 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Stake Maintained by Fmr LLC Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Stake Cut by Fmr LLC 1,399,741 Shares in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Acquired by Fmr LLC Curis, Inc. (CRIS) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Michael C. Eberhard Sells 7,463 Shares of Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Stock Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) VP Sells $767,873.75 in Stock Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Ross K. Ireland Sells 19,813 Shares of Neustar Inc (NSR) Stock Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Receives $414.01 Consensus PT from Analysts Fmr LLC Invests $46,226,000 in Sensata Technologies Holding (ST) First Bancorp (FBP) Stake Cut by Fmr LLC Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) a €19.00 Price Target March 20th, 2017 - By Renee Jackson - 0 comments Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) received a €19.00 ($20.21) price target from equities research analysts at Independent Research GmbH in a research note issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other research firms also recently weighed in on DBK. Nord/LB set a €17.50 ($18.62) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Morgan Stanley set a €16.50 ($17.55) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €16.00 ($17.02) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Citigroup Inc set a €17.00 ($18.09) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €18.20 ($19.36) price objective on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, January 16th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €16.29 ($17.33). Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) opened at 17.17 on Monday. The company’s market cap is €23.68 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €18.41 and its 200-day moving average price is €15.64. Deutsche Bank AG has a 52 week low of €9.91 and a 52 week high of €19.95. Your IP Address: About Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG is a Germany-based global investment bank. The Company diversifies its activities into three group divisions: Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB); Private Clients and Asset Management (PCAM), and Corporate Investments (CI). The Corporate & Investment Bank group division comprises corporate banking and securities activities and is divided into Corporate Banking & Securities (CB&S), comprising Markets and Corporate Finance businesses, and Global Transaction Banking (GTB) corporate divisions. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Deutsche Bank AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J Sainsbury plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Sprint Corp (S) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG in a research note issued on Monday. They presently have a GBX 305 ($3.73) target price on the grocer’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 11.64% from the company’s current price. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 200 ($2.45) price objective on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research report on Friday. BNP Paribas boosted their target price on shares of J Sainsbury plc from GBX 255 ($3.12) to GBX 260 ($3.18) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday. Beaufort Securities reissued a “hold” rating on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a report on Friday. Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a report on Thursday. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.18) target price on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. J Sainsbury plc presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 253.93 ($3.10). J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) traded up 1.67% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting GBX 274.20. 4,250,760 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 5.36 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 264.84 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 250.19. J Sainsbury plc has a one year low of GBX 211.50 and a one year high of GBX 294.40. Your IP Address: About J Sainsbury plc J Sainsbury plc is engaged in grocery-related retailing and retail banking. The Company’s segments include Retailing; Financial services, and Property investments. The Retailing segment is engaged in the operation of supermarkets and convenience. The Financial services segment includes the operations of Sainsbury’s Bank plc (Sainsbury’s Bank). Receive News & Ratings for J Sainsbury plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Phoenix Group Holdings - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Sprint Corp (S) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Numis Securities Ltd Reiterates Hold Rating for Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by equities researchers at Numis Securities Ltd in a research note issued on Monday. They currently have a GBX 785 ($9.60) price objective on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s price target suggests a potential downside of 2.12% from the company’s current price. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Barclays PLC reissued an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 673 ($8.23) target price on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Berenberg Bank raised shares of Phoenix Group Holdings to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from GBX 759 ($9.28) to GBX 821 ($10.04) in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their target price on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings from GBX 783 ($9.57) to GBX 793 ($9.70) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research note on Monday, February 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Phoenix Group Holdings has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 803.86 ($9.83). Shares of Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX) traded up 1.20% during midday trading on Monday, reaching GBX 801.00. The company had a trading volume of 724,600 shares. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.83 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 772.38 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 777.75. Phoenix Group Holdings has a 12 month low of GBX 610.22 and a 12 month high of GBX 817.48. Your IP Address: In other Phoenix Group Holdings news, insider Jim McConville sold 90,535 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 753 ($9.21), for a total transaction of £681,728.55 ($833,510.88). Also, insider Wendy Mayall acquired 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 761 ($9.30) per share, for a total transaction of £76,100 ($93,043.16). Insiders have acquired 48,383 shares of company stock worth $35,669,733 over the last ninety days. Phoenix Group Holdings Company Profile Phoenix Group Holdings is a specialist closed life assurance fund consolidator that specializes in the management and acquisition of closed life and pension funds. The Company operates through the Phoenix Life segment. The Phoenix Life segment provides a range of whole life, term assurance and pension products. Receive News & Ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) CDK Global Inc (CDK) Shares Sold by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Kathleen M. Mahoney Sells 1,828 Shares of SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Stock André Gaumond Sells 5,000 Shares of Osisko gold royalties Ltd (OR) Stock Broadwind Energy Inc. (BWEN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades magicJack VocalTec Ltd (CALL) to “Buy” Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Now Covered by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS BTIG Research Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Medtronic plc. (MDT) Public Sector Pension Investment Board Continues to Hold Stake in Crocs, Inc. (CROX) Public Sector Pension Investment Board Holds Position in Regis Co. (RGS) Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Stake Lowered by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Callaway Golf Co (ELY) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Eversource Energy (ES) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Pivotal Research Lowers Alphabet Inc (GOOG) to Hold March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance Tweet Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) was downgraded by stock analysts at Pivotal Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Monday. They currently have a $950.00 price target on the stock, down from their previous price target of $970.00. Pivotal Research’s price objective points to a potential upside of 12.00% from the company’s previous close. The analysts wrote, “The approach comes across to us as attempting to minimize the problem rather than eliminating it, which is the standard we think that many large brand advertisers expect,” the analyst argued. “We think that Google will probably need to articulate goals that sound more like a zero tolerance policy, to alleviate concerns before it can fully recover.” GOOG has been the subject of a number of other reports. Needham & Company LLC increased their target price on Alphabet from $925.00 to $935.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Vetr upgraded Alphabet from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $849.81 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated a “positive” rating and set a $1,000.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Societe Generale reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and forty-one have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $959.25. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded down 0.44% on Monday, hitting $848.40. 1,190,312 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $586.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.43 and a beta of 0.94. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $824.43 and a 200-day moving average price of $793.16. Alphabet has a 52 week low of $663.28 and a 52 week high of $853.40. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $9.67 by $0.31. The firm had revenue of $26.04 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $25.18 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The firm’s revenue was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $8.67 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Alphabet will post $33.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: In other Alphabet news, Director Ann Mather sold 44 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $792.27, for a total value of $34,859.88. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 1,656 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,311,999.12. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $797.70, for a total value of $3,190,800.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 2,563 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,044,505.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 585,906 shares of company stock valued at $471,330,236 over the last quarter. 13.92% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of GOOG. Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,387,502,000. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,128,163,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at about $612,676,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 696.2% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 562,109 shares of the company’s stock valued at $434,371,000 after buying an additional 491,509 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Putnam Investments LLC boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 50.3% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 1,094,771 shares of the company’s stock valued at $844,967,000 after buying an additional 366,456 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 34.74% of the company’s stock. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Smiths Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smiths Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.23 Per Share Traders Sell NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) on Strength on Insider Selling Enova International Inc (ENVA) VP John Higginson Sells 3,500 Shares Chase Co. (CCF) Insider Peter R. Chase Sells 500 Shares of Stock HPQ Silicon Resources Inc (HPQ) Insider Exploration Ltd. Fancamp Sells 100,000 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 40,000 Shares of Stock Napco Security Technologies Inc (NSSC) Insider Jorge Hevia Sells 15,000 Shares Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Insider Scott Roza Sells 3,545 Shares MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) VP David E. Dykstra Sells 5,353 Shares Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (SYKE) Insider David Pearson Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Five Below Inc (FIVE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS PVH Corp (PVH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Pacific Crest Initiates Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Lowered to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) CEO John L. Higgins Sells 4,000 Shares KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Major Shareholder David L. Hatcher Sells 9,000 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Major Shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech Buys 30,000 Shares of Stock Smiths Group plc (SMIN) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Posted by William Strong on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Smiths Group plc (LON:SMIN)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by equities researchers at Numis Securities Ltd in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. They currently have a GBX 1,810 ($22.13) target price on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s target price points to a potential upside of 14.12% from the stock’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also recently commented on SMIN. BNP Paribas boosted their target price on Smiths Group plc from GBX 1,500 ($18.34) to GBX 1,550 ($18.95) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,740 ($21.27) target price on shares of Smiths Group plc in a report on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 1,612 ($19.71) target price on shares of Smiths Group plc in a report on Monday, March 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,587 ($19.40) target price on shares of Smiths Group plc in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 1,600 ($19.56) target price on shares of Smiths Group plc in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Smiths Group plc presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 1,442.23 ($17.63). Shares of Smiths Group plc (LON:SMIN) traded up 0.63% on Monday, hitting GBX 1592.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 419,853 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,529.14 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,451.50. The company’s market cap is GBX 6.29 billion. Smiths Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 1,028.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,599.00. Your IP Address: About Smiths Group plc Smiths Group plc is a technology company. The Company operates in five divisions: John Crane, Smiths Medical, Smiths Detection, Smiths Interconnect and Flex-Tek. The John Crane division offers mechanical seals, seal support systems, engineered bearings and power transmission couplings, among others. The Smiths Medical division offers infusion systems, vascular access (including safety needles), patient airway and temperature management equipment, and specialty devices in areas of in vitro fertilization, diagnostics and emergency patient transport. Receive News & Ratings for Smiths Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smiths Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Tesco PLC (TSCO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG Next » Niraj Shah Sells 829 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get CBS/AP March 20, 2017, 11:32 AM David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist and banker, dead at 101 David Rockefeller at a 2015 ceremony in Mount Desert, Maine, marking the gift of 1,000 acres of woodlands, streams, hiking trails and carriage roads abutting Acadia National Park. The last surviving grandson of the oil tycoon John Rockefeller Sr., he died Monday at age 101. AP Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Mar 20, 2017 2:36 PM EDT A billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family has died. David Rockefeller was 101 years old. Rockefeller’s spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel, said he died peacefully in his sleep Monday morning at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York. Rockefeller was the sixth child of John D. Rockefeller Jr. and the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, who became the world’s first billionaire -- and made the family the wealthiest in U.S. history. Play Video Sunday Morning Growing up Rockefeller What would it be like to grow up as part of one of America's wealthiest and most powerful families? Mo Rocca tracked down Eileen Rockefeller on h... With the passing of his elder siblings, Rockefeller was at the head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that range from environmental conservation to the arts. He also headed what is now JP Morgan Chase (JPM) in the 1970s, expanding the bank’s reach internationally. A devoted art collector, he chaired New York’s Museum of Modern Art for many years, an institution his mother helped found in 1929. He led a coalition of business leaders to help find a solution to New York City’s financial crisis in the mid-1970s. To mark his 100th birthday in 2015, he gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to Maine. “Long before it became popular wisdom, he believed effective partnerships across sectors and geographies was the only way to affect lasting change,” said Rajiv Shah, president of the Rockefeller Foundation, the charitable organization the family established in 1913, in a statement.   Aspects of the Rockefeller brothers’ upbringing became famous, including their 25-cent allowance – they had to set aside some of it for charity and savings -- and their instruction in the family’s belief that wealth brings great responsibility. A portrait of David Rockefeller’s grandfather, John D. Rockefeller Sr., in 1885, when he was approximately 46. The Rockefeller Archive Center Two of his brothers held elected office: Nelson Rockefeller served as the governor of New York, hungered for the White House and briefly served as vice president. Winthrop Rockefeller was a governor of Arkansas. David Rockefeller, however, wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. And unlike his other brothers, John D. III and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business, traveling and speaking widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan Company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and chief executive officer eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow business leaders on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn $1 million and then find ways to avoid paying taxes on it. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes and never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as “the cousins,” has more people. Play Video 60 Minutes: Segment Extras Buffett and Gates: Today's Carnegie and Rockefeller? Bill and Melinda Gates have committed to giving 95 percent of their wealth away. Warren Buffett - 99 percent. Forbes editor Randall Lane explains... Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. Under Rockefeller, Chase was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Play Video Face The Nation Flashback: Nelson Rockefeller and conflicts of interest in 1974 Then-Sen. Howard Cannon tells "Face the Nation" in 1974 how lawmakers were approaching concerns about Nelson Rockefeller's business empire and th... Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller’s later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Jobless claims jump but labor market stays strong Verizon, AT&T pull ads from Google over extremist videos Obamacare's uncertain future has hospitals on hold Live where Greta Garbo did in NYC, for $6 million Can Sears survive? Some experts are skeptical Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 10 homes you can buy for $500,000 5 cars that deliver the best value over 5 years 69348 Views 9 things to know about selling a home in spring 2017 2484 Views America's 11 highest paying careers in 2017 9 ways drones are changing real estate Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home books music art & design tv & radio stage classical film games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video crosswords Facebook Twitter This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here. US world science politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › US home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close US news David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dies aged 101 Last of his generation in one of America’s most famous families led a network of interests both business and philanthropic, from conservation to the arts Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies aged 101 – video obituary US news David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dies aged 101 Last of his generation in one of America’s most famous families led a network of interests both business and philanthropic, from conservation to the arts Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Associated Press in New York Monday 20 March 2017 11.46 EDT Last modified on Monday 20 March 2017 18.00 EDT David Rockefeller, a billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famous Rockefeller family, died on Monday. He was 101 years old. A spokesman, Fraser P Seitel, said the sixth child of John D Rockefeller Jr and the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D Rockefeller died peacefully in his sleep on Monday morning at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York. Rockefeller family tried and failed to get ExxonMobil to accept climate change Read more Rockefeller was at the head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that range from environmental conservation to the arts. He also headed what is now JP Morgan Chase bank. To mark his 100th birthday in 2015, he gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to Maine. Aspects of the Rockefeller brothers’ upbringing became famous, including a 25-cent allowance, portions of which had to be set aside for charity and savings, and the inculcation that wealth brings great responsibility. Two held elected office: Nelson Rockefeller as governor of New York and, briefly, US vice-president; Winthrop Rockefeller as governor of Arkansas. David Rockefeller never sought public office. Unlike his other brothers, John D III and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight, he spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the army during the second world war, then began climbing the ranks at Chase Bank, which merged with the Manhattan Company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and chief executive officer eight years later. He retired in 1981 at 65. Rockefeller favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity would create customers for American products. He also spurred the project that led to the World Trade Center. Mark Zuckerberg and philanthropy: it’s not like it was in Rockefeller’s day | Evgeny Morozov Read more He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income tax, calling it unseemly to earn $1m and then find ways to avoid paying taxes on it. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes and never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3bn. He was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. Under Rockefeller, Chase was the first US bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But he took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed and terminally ill shah of Iran come to New York for treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month US embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts, including its longstanding relationship with the Museum of Modern Art in New York. His private art collection was once valued at $500m. The Rockefeller estate overlooking the Hudson river north of New York City is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of his later years was directed at restoring family influence in the Rockefeller Center in New York, most of which was sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He organized an investor group to buy back 45% of the property. He was awarded a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, married in 1940 and had six children: David Jr, Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, a conservationist, died in 1996. Topics US news Philanthropy Banking news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US selected politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video US News › JP Morgan back to top US world science politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Wall Street is getting worried 'Trumpcare' could delay the biggest thing it wants from Trump Bob Bryan Mar. 20, 2017, 11:23 AM 7,910 facebook linkedin twitter email print President Donald Trump. Getty Images/Pool Wall Street has been eagerly looking forward to corporate tax reform since President Donald Trump's election Trump and congressional Republicans, however, have chosen to work on overhauling the US healthcare system first, an effort that has run into some stumbling blocks Delays in healthcare reform could lead to delays in tax reform, which could threaten recent gains in the stock market Tax cuts have been at the top of Wall Street's wish list of policies to come out of President Donald Trump's administration. While administration officials have been promising that cuts to corporate and personal taxes are coming soon, investors have had relatively little to grab onto in terms of details of a plan. And the recent fight over healthcare reform has added to these concerns. The Republican bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, the healthcare law better known as Obamacare, has taken the front seat in the legislative agenda for Trump and the GOP, sidelining hopes for a major tax-reform initiative until after the plan has been passed. With delays and possible roadblocks looming for the reform bill, the American Health Care Act, there has also been growing doubt that tax reform is coming as quickly as the Trump administration promised, and analysts think delay could make investors jittery. High expectations The Trump administration has long taken the stance that it wants to significantly cut taxes for businesses. Trump expressed his desire as far back as September 2015 to cut corporate taxes to 15%, and he frequently brought the issue up on the campaign trail. After being elected, Trump also told airline CEOs that he wanted to slash the current federal statutory corporate tax rate of 35% to about 15% to 20%. While few companies actually pay the full statutory rate — JPMorgan has estimated that US corporations pay an effective rate of about 20% after tax credits — a cut could certainly reduce a significant expense and lead to larger profits for corporations. While Republicans have been advocates of lower corporate rates for decades, Trump's election and the timeline set out by the president have encouraged investors that the tax cut could be coming soon. The timeline for the tax proposal has been ambitious. During a meeting with manufacturing CEOs on February 9, Trump said he was "going to be announcing something over the next, I would say, two or three weeks that will be phenomenal in terms of tax." Five weeks later, a full plan has not been released. Other Trump administration officials have also promised that the reform is on the way. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told CNBC that he wanted new tax policy to be signed by Trump in time for Congress' August recess. Given the strong words, investors have been getting more bullish on stocks' and companies' prospects, but the healthcare overhaul could dampen those hopes. Checking the calendar The hang-up for tax policy seems to be coming from the GOP's desire to redo the Affordable Care Act first. Trump said in a speech in Nashville, Tennessee, on Wednesday that he wanted to "cut the hell out of taxes" but that there was a problem. "But, but before I can do that — I would've loved to have put it first I'll be honest — there's one more very important thing that we have to do," Trump said. "And we are going to repeal and replace horrible disastrous Obamacare." Republicans are using a process known as budget reconciliation to pass the AHCA. This means they need only 50 votes in the Senate to pass the bill and avoid a Democratic filibuster. It also means they can change only parts of Obamacare directly dealing with the federal budget, and since they are amending the fiscal-year 2017 budget, they have to get the process done in the next several months. But the AHCA is broadly unpopular across the political spectrum. Conservative and moderate Republicans as well as Democrats, conservative think tanks, major medical associations, and, according to polling, a majority of Americans oppose the AHCA in its current form. So, Wall Street is worried a delay for the AHCA may be coming. A vote on the bill by the House is expected later in the week, and there's a real danger of the act not passing unless substantial changes are made to appease conservative members of the House Freedom Caucus. The head of the Freedom Caucus, Rep. Mark Meadows, told reporters he had 40 to 50 votes against the current form of the AHCA, which would be enough to block the bill. That would push back the tax-reform changes Wall Street so desperately wants, according to Compass Point analyst Isaac Boltansky. "Assuming no Democratic support, GOP leadership can only lose 21 of its 237 seats and still pass the AHCA," Boltansky wrote in a note to clients on Monday. Boltansky also wrote: "Notably, during an interview that aired on Sunday, House Freedom Caucus Chair Meadows (R-NC) estimated that ~40 House Republicans were still opposed to the measure. If AHCA fails, or continues to dominate the agenda well into 2Q17, the market will likely be forced to begin discounting the prospects of tax reform and other fiscal policy changes." JPMorgan's Adam Crisafulli said the AHCA vote could not only delay tax reform but also signal to investors just how likely it is that the tax overhaul will get passed. From Crisafulli's Monday note to clients (emphasis added): "The biggest event by far for equities will be the House floor vote on Ryan’s HC bill (scheduled for Thurs 3/23) – failure to advance this legislation would likely materially undermine market confidence in the GOP tax reform agenda. The fact Ryan even scheduled a vote suggests some confidence on his part in being able to secure passage although this is by no means guaranteed. Even if Ryan manages to get his bill out of the House, passage in the Senate appears very unlikely which raises the larger issue of how much time and political capital Republicans wind up devoting to this issue at the expense of more market-friendly initiatives (namely tax reform)." By many measures, the recent run in stocks has pushed the market into expensive territory if there is not a serious uptick in earnings. One of the drivers of the recent stock rally, according to analysts, is the baked-in expectation that lower tax rates will increase corporate profitability. So for investors, the failure of Trump and the GOP to pass the AHCA could signal a longer and possibly nonexistent road to tax reform. To be fair, healthcare and taxes are two different beasts, and support within the Republican Party will probably not line up similarly on both issues. A major delay on tax reform, however, could seriously wound the recent surge in investor confidence. SEE ALSO: A big part of the GOP's Obamacare replacement may accomplish the opposite of its goal NOW WATCH: 7 mega-billionaires who made a fortune last year Loading video... More: Donald Trump Affordable Care Act American Health Care Act Obamacare Repeal Obamacare Tax Reform Tax Cuts facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Wall Street is getting worried 'Trumpcare' could delay the biggest thing it wants from Trump Wall Street is getting worried 'Trumpcare' could delay the biggest thing it wants from Trump Wall Street has been eagerly looking forward to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Phoenix Group Holdings - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NCR Co. (NCR) Major Shareholder Holdings L.P. Blackstone III Sells 3,002,753 Shares of Stock Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Director Frank R. Martire Sells 305,500 Shares of Stock International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Major Shareholder Winder Investment Pte Ltd Buys 100,000 Shares of Stock Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) CEO Mary Dillon Sells 33,955 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Williams Capital Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Mizuho Carnival Corp (CCL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Greif, Inc. (GEF) Price Target Increased to $53.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Receives Outperform Rating from JMP Securities Toro Co (TTC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Given New C$20.00 Price Target at CIBC Target Co. (TGT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” BCE’s (BCE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities Chromadex Corp (CDXC) Given a $6.00 Price Target by HC Wainwright Analysts American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII) Upgraded to Outperform at Cowen and Company Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) PT Lowered to C$1.40 Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX) has received an average recommendation of “Buy” from the eight research firms that are currently covering the firm. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have issued a hold recommendation and five have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12 month price objective among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is GBX 798.67 ($9.76). Several brokerages have recently weighed in on PHNX. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings from GBX 783 ($9.57) to GBX 793 ($9.70) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 673 ($8.23) price target on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 821 ($10.04) price target on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 785 ($9.60) price target on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Shares of Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX) traded up 1.20% during midday trading on Monday, reaching GBX 801.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 713,912 shares. Phoenix Group Holdings has a 12 month low of GBX 610.22 and a 12 month high of GBX 817.48. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.83 billion. The stock has a 50-day moving average of GBX 772.38 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 777.75. Your IP Address: In other Phoenix Group Holdings news, insider Wendy Mayall purchased 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 14th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 761 ($9.30) per share, with a total value of £76,100 ($93,043.16). Also, insider Henry Staunton purchased 38,334 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 23rd. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 731 ($8.94) per share, with a total value of £280,221.54 ($342,611.00). Insiders bought a total of 48,383 shares of company stock valued at $35,669,733 in the last ninety days. Phoenix Group Holdings Company Profile Phoenix Group Holdings is a specialist closed life assurance fund consolidator that specializes in the management and acquisition of closed life and pension funds. The Company operates through the Phoenix Life segment. The Phoenix Life segment provides a range of whole life, term assurance and pension products. Receive News & Ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe David Rockefeller, Banker, Philanthropist, Heir, Dies at 101 by Heather Burke More stories by Heather Burke and Mark Schoifet @TheRealSchoifet More stories by Mark Schoifet March 20, 2017, 10:31 AM EDT March 20, 2017, 11:56 AM EDT Heir to famed fortune was world’s oldest living billionaire Youngest grandson of Standard Oil founder John D. Rockefeller Remembering David Rockefeller: Charlie Rose David Rockefeller, the U.S. banker, philanthropist, presidential adviser and heir to one of history’s most fabled fortunes, has died. At 101, he was the world’s oldest billionaire. He died Monday at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, according to an emailed statement from Fraser P. Seitel, a family spokesman. The cause was congestive heart failure. David Rockefeller Photograoher: G. Gershoff/WireImage Rockefeller was the youngest and last-surviving grandson of Standard Oil founder John D. Rockefeller, the nation’s first billionaire. He was the only one of John D. Rockefeller Jr.’s five sons who spent his entire professional career in the corporate world, rising to chief executive officer of Chase Manhattan Bank during his 35 years at the company. He was also a confidant of world leaders, from Deng Xiaoping in China to Nelson Mandela in South Africa, from the shah of Iran to Henry Kissinger. Rockefeller famously asked President Jimmy Carter to let the deposed shah come to the U.S. for medical treatment, leading to the seizure of American hostages in Tehran from 1979 to 1981. Rockefeller was equally well known for his philanthropy. In 2006, he bequeathed $225 million to the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, which he and his brothers established in 1940 to promote social change worldwide. The year before, he donated $100 million each to two New York institutions: the Museum of Modern Art, which was co-founded by his mother, and Rockefeller University, a medical-research school started by his grandfather. “No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller,” former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a statement. “During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called,” said Bloomberg, the founder and majority owner of Bloomberg News parent Bloomberg LP. In 2008 Rockefeller gave $100 million to his alma mater, Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts. “The range of David Rockefeller’s business and philanthropic and political connections is perhaps unequaled,” said Ron Chernow, the author of “Titan,” a 1998 biography of John D. Rockefeller. David Rockefeller’s death closes a chapter in the family’s storied history. Known simply as “The Brothers,” David, Laurance, John, Nelson and Winthrop traversed the intersecting worlds of business, politics, philanthropy and the arts as no other U.S. family had ever done. The Brothers Laurance, who died in 2004, was a venture capitalist, environmentalist and adviser to five U.S. presidents on conservation. Nelson, who died in 1979, was the four-term New York governor and U.S. vice president under President Gerald Ford. John D. Rockefeller III, the oldest brother who was killed in a 1978 automobile accident, led the fundraising effort to develop New York’s Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. Winthrop, who died in 1973, was the former governor of Arkansas. Rockefeller brothers in 1967. Source: Hulton Archive/Getty Images Their sister, Abby Rockefeller Mauze, known as “Babs,” died in 1976. Once the nation’s wealthiest family, the Rockefellers today pale in comparison with 21st century tycoons such as Microsoft Corp. co-founder Bill Gates or investor Warren Buffett. Rockefeller once joked that he was the only Rockefeller of his generation who had to “work for a living.” He was either chairman, president or CEO of Chase from 1957 to 1981, creating a global financial institution, traveling to 103 countries and meeting with dozens of presidents, kings and prime ministers. He accumulated about 150,000 names in an electronic Rolodex. “Because I started sooner, I think I probably knew more heads of state than anyone else, possibly with the exception of Henry Kissinger, but maybe even including” him, Rockefeller said in a December 2003 interview. Rockefeller was criticized for meeting with dictators including Cuba’s Fidel Castro and Iraq’s Saddam Hussein. A member of the Council on Foreign Relations for more than 60 years and its chairman for 15, Rockefeller was also a frequent target of conspiracy theorists because of his membership in secretive international policy groups such as the Trilateral Commission and the Bilderberg Group. “Maybe in another 20 years I’ll outlive all my bad press,” Rockefeller said in the interview. At Chase, he outlasted rivals, scandals, operational problems and board pressure to retire on schedule at age 65. Today, Chase is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co., the biggest U.S. bank by assets, after Chemical Banking Corp. acquired Chase in 1995. The combined company added J.P. Morgan & Co. five years later and Bank One Corp. in 2004. JPMorgan Merger Rockefeller said he was shocked by the merger with J.P. Morgan, which united the Rockefellers’ bank with the legendary bank of their only true early 20th-century rival for financial power, J. Pierpont Morgan. Rockefeller, as chairman of the Downtown-Lower Manhattan Association, and his brother Nelson, as governor, played key roles in developing the World Trade Center and the Wall Street financial district in the 1960s and 1970s. They sought to boost the lower Manhattan office market as their father had, at their urging, worked to shore up Midtown during the Great Depression by building the Rockefeller Center complex. During their construction, the Twin Towers were often dubbed “David” and “Nelson” by the press. Rockefeller, who watched the twin towers burn from his 56th-floor Rockefeller Center office on Sept. 11, 2001, was an honorary member of the panel to design a memorial to the victims of the terrorist attacks. In 2002, David Rockefeller published “Memoirs,” the first autobiography by a member of his family since his grandfather’s “Reminiscences of Men and Events” in 1909. Reviewers described the book as a rare candid view of a private family, with discussions of fraternal schisms and his wife’s depression, though they said it lacked sensationalism and soul-baring. Defending Grandfather Rockefeller wrote of his grandfather with reverence, parrying old depictions of John D. Rockefeller Sr. as a greedy, ruthless robber baron. He defended Standard Oil’s industry monopoly. “That was Grandfather’s greatest achievement: building the petroleum industry and, in the process, creating the modern corporation,” he wrote. “It was an organizational triumph that transformed the business world.” David was the first Rockefeller to unite the more than 100 descendants of John Sr. He was the organizer of annual family meetings at the Rockefeller estate at Pocantico Hills, which overlooks the Hudson River north of New York City. He encouraged his relatives’ philanthropic and educational efforts, such as his son David’s role as chairman of the National Parks Foundation. None of the fourth-generation Rockefellers are likely to replace David as the family’s standard-bearer. “No one can step into his shoes,” said Warren T. “Lindy” Lindquist, Rockefeller’s World War II buddy and business associate, in a 1995 interview with the New York Times. “Not because they aren’t good, smart, talented people but because it’s just a different world, and they have different interests.” Lindquist died in 2003. Early Life David Rockefeller was born on June 12, 1915, in New York, the youngest child of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who spent most of his time preserving John Sr.’s philanthropy, and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller. Rockefeller attended the experimental Lincoln School of Columbia University’s Teachers College in Manhattan and graduated from Harvard College in 1936. He studied at the London School of Economics and received a Ph.D. in economics in 1940 from the University of Chicago, which his family had founded. His thesis, “Unused Resources and Economic Waste,” argued that capitalists seek not only to make money but also to serve their employees and society. David Rockefeller and wife Margaret "Peggy" in 1987. Photographer: Ron Galella/WireImage Also in 1940, he married Margaret “Peggy” McGrath, who died in 1996. They had two sons and four daughters. In his first job, Rockefeller drafted replies to letters sent to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia for $1 a year. When World War II broke out, he resisted signing up for service until his mother urged him to do his military duty. Rockefeller declined to use his father’s influence to secure an officer’s commission, enlisting as an Army private. He served from 1942 until 1945, rising to captain. He joined Chase National Bank, where his uncle, Winthrop Aldrich, was chairman, in 1946 at the age of 30. Rockefeller’s father -- and before that, his grandfather -- had long been the bank’s biggest individual shareholders, and the family held two board seats. Though tagged as a spoiled rich kid by Aldrich’s successor, John J. McCloy, Rockefeller rode the subway to work for a decade and worked his way up through various departments, including a stint overseeing the Latin America business, to become co-CEO after McCloy retired in 1960. McCloy, Rockefeller wrote, was indecisive about a successor. Rockefeller threatened to quit when board members discussed having George Champion, who was 11 years older and had been with the bank two decades longer, as sole CEO for a time. Instead, Rockefeller shared power for eight years with Champion before he was named the sole CEO in 1969. At Chase During the 1960s, Rockefeller used his family name and global contacts to increase foreign branches to 73 from 11. Chase was the first Western bank to open branches in Moscow and Beijing, and it made loans in Africa, Asia and Latin America. Rockefeller also hired management professor Peter Drucker as a consultant and created human resources, marketing and planning departments. David Rockefeller at New York International in 1963. Source: Hulton Archive/Getty Images Critics said Rockefeller’s international focus led to the neglect of Chase’s everyday operations. By the early 1970s, the bank had suffered shaky real estate investments, bond losses that forced it to restate earnings, bad loans and technological problems. Citibank, which would become Citigroup Inc., was closing in on Chase’s market share. Rockefeller was forced to focus simultaneously on the bank’s internal deficiencies and global expansion. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up In “Memoirs,” he said he had to fight to keep his job in 1975, with director and family adviser J. Richardson Dilworth telling him during a helicopter flight up the Hudson River that he had limited time to turn the bank around. A week later, the board gave him another year, and after restructuring management and the way the bank made loans, he was able to continue until his retirement in 1981, just before he turned 66. Foremost a financier, Rockefeller was often a conduit for high-level diplomacy on his Chase trips, flying more than 5 million miles and meeting 200 heads of state in 35 years. He developed a close relationship with then-Secretary of State Kissinger, a longtime adviser to his brother Nelson, and argued for President Richard Nixon’s overtures to Communist China in the early 1970s. Vietnam War In the 1960s and early 1970s, protesters targeted him as a power behind U.S. foreign policy, including the Vietnam War. Some of his own children then in college opposed his politics, and he wrote about heated dinner table arguments with his daughter Abby, a draft-resistance counselor drawn to Marxism. Rockefeller focused on managing family affairs after his Chase retirement. Since the 1940s the brothers held formal meetings, with David serving as secretary, that continued until the late 1970s. “The five of us had had widely diverging and, in some ways, conflicting interests,” he wrote, “but largely because of these regular get-togethers we maintained a basic respect and affection for one another, something that has not always been the case with other wealthy families.” In 1979, David, Laurance, and the widows of John and Nelson organized Rockefeller & Co., an outgrowth of the family office started by their grandfather when he moved to New York from Cleveland a century earlier. The firm has since branched out as a wealth manager for clients not affiliated with the family. Rockefeller Center David Rockefeller estimated that his father lost $110 million in 20 years on his stake in Rockefeller Center, which was started in 1932 as a show of faith in the U.S. economy. David later served as chairman of Rockefeller Center Properties Inc., which held the mortgage, and worked to avert a mid-1990s financial collapse after its purchase by Japan’s Mitsubishi Estate Corp. In January 1995, the 79-year-old Rockefeller flew to Japan to try to persuade Mitsubishi not to put the property in bankruptcy. He broke his leg walking into Mitsubishi’s offices, then stayed to plead his case before heading to the hospital for treatment. Three months later, the filing occurred anyway. A year later, Rockefeller bought the center back in partnership with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. In 2001, the group sold it to New York developer Tishman Speyer Properties at a profit, ending seven decades of family control. Rockefeller upheld the family’s philanthropic tradition, giving away more than $900 million during his lifetime. In 1940, he joined the board of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, established in 1901 by his grandfather, and a decade later succeeded his father as board chairman, serving for 25 years. The Institute was renamed Rockefeller University in 1965. He endowed the David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies at Harvard and was chairman of the school’s board of overseers. Susan Rockefeller, David Rockefeller and Ariana Rockefeller at MoMA party in 2016. Photographer: Neilson Barnard/Getty Images Inheriting a love of art from his mother, Rockefeller amassed a collection of modern and impressionist works valued at more than $500 million in the early 1990s. After his mother’s death in 1948, he took her seat on the board of the Museum of Modern Art, serving more than 16 years as chairman between 1958 and 1993. Rockefeller remained sharp and agile into his 90s, going to the office daily at 10 a.m. and leaving at 5 p.m. He exercised before work, and sometimes drank a glass of white wine with lunch. Leadership of the family now falls upon the generation known as “The Cousins,” the great-grandchildren of John D. Rockefeller. David Rockefeller said he was confident his six children and grandchildren would carry on the philanthropic and activist legacy of the family’s century-old fortune. “If they will have learned the important things about life and how to lead it, that could be my greatest contribution,” Rockefeller said in a May 2007 interview. “I have reason to think that they will.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society David Rockefeller dead: American philanthropist, head of Chase Manhattan Bank dies aged 101 David Rockefeller was the oldest living member of the Rockefeller family and family patriarch since July 2004. A family spokesman, Fraser P Seitel, confirmed the death. Vishnu Sukumaran   March 20, 2017 20:40 IST U.S. National Archives and Records Administration David Rockefeller, American banker who was chairman and chief executive of Chase Manhattan Corporation, died on Monday morning at his home in New York. He was 101. In 1946, Rockefeller had joined the staff of the long-time family-associated Chase National Bank. The chairman at that time was Rockefeller's uncle Winthrop W Aldrich. The Chase Bank was primarily a wholesale bank, dealing with other prominent financial institutions and major corporate clients such as General Electric. Chase National subsequently became the Chase Manhattan Bank in 1955 and shifted significantly into consumer banking. It is now called JPMorgan Chase. In a private capacity, Rockefeller has met with and advised every American President since Dwight D Eisenhower and has at times even served as an unofficial emissary on high-level diplomatic missions. Former President Jimmy Carter had offered him the positions of United States Secretary of the Treasury and Federal Reserve Chairman, but he declined both instead preferring a private role. He had also declined an offer from his brother Nelson to appoint him to Robert F Kennedy's Senate seat after Kennedy was assassinated in June 1968, a post Nelson also offered to their nephew John Davison Rockefeller IV. Rockefeller was born in New York City, and grew up in an eight-story house at 10 West 54th Street, the tallest private residence ever built in the city. He was the youngest of six children born to financier John Davison Rockefeller Jr. and socialite Abigail Greene Aldrich. John Jr. was the only son of Standard Oil co-founder John Davison Rockefeller Sr. and schoolteacher Laura Celestia Spelman. Abby was a daughter of Senator Nelson Wilmarth Aldrich and Abigail Pearce Truman Chapman. Rockefeller was the oldest living member of the Rockefeller family and family patriarch since July 2004. Related This is how you can stop your children from messing around with Amazon Echo International Women's Day: Women need to give up the guilt, says entrepreneur Priya Chetty-Rajagopal Foreign investors turn bullish on Indian stock markets ahead of election results Also read Trump reverses Obama's law: Mentally ill people can now buy guns in United States SpiceJet, Jet Airways, Interglobe shares rock on BSE despite Sensex, Nifty ending in red Post Comment IBT TV Close 'I thought I was going to die: Eyewitness describes Westminster attack Why advertise with us? Latest News Underage girl in Chennai elopes with boyfriend, gets pregnant; HC summons CBFC after she blames movies 32 minutes ago By Suparno Sarkar Why advertise with us? most popular Sasikala flooded with mails accusing her of killing Jayalalithaa Since February 15, the day when Sasikala stepped into the Agrahara central prison, she has been flooded with letters accusing her of killing Jayalalithaa. LONDON ATTACK: Policeman among 5 dead as terrorist strikes outside UK Parliament A policeman was stabbed and his attacker shot dead by officers after a major terrorist attack close to the Houses of Parliament in London that saw up to a dozen pedestrians hit by a car. London: Gherkin evacuated, fire brigade to leave building shortly, says there was no fire The London Fire Brigade confirmed the alarm stating that 30 St Mary Axe has been evacuated. RK Nagar By-polls: Jayalalithaa legacy divided as Sasikala, OPS camps get different party names, symbols The Election Commission allotted the 'Hat' symbol to Sasikala Natarajan's camp and the 'Electricity Poll' symbol to former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam's camp. Former Congress stalwart SM Krishna FINALLY joins BJP The former Congress leader's addition to the BJP is being seen as an important move by the party towards its effort to regain power in Karnataka. Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath allocates cabinet portfolios; here's the full list Yogi Adityanath's council of ministers has 22 Cabinet ministers, 13 Ministers of State and nine Ministers of State with Independent Charge. UP CM Yogi Adityanath bans gutka and pan masala in government buildings and offices: Is this Swachh Bharat of PM Modi in another form? [PHOTOS] The chief minister inspected the Annexe and directed officials to maintain cleanliness of both the Annexe and the state, UP Deputy Chief Minister said. Titan politics: Is this the end of the road for regional parties? After the rout of the SP and BSP, the support of smaller parties to the BJP in Goa and Manipur, the days of the regional parties calling the shots in Indian politics seem to be nearing an end. Photo Gallery Elizabeth Olsen's latest Instagram photos Check out the latest Instagram photos of Hollywood actress Elizabeth Olsen. Disha Patani launches her own Mobile App Bollywood actress Disha Patani launches her own Mobile App. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard „Bo” Dietl, as Consultant NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Digipath, Inc. (OTCQB: DIGP), an independent cannabis lab testing and media firm, is pleased to announce it has hired renowned ex-NYPD detective, Mr. Richard „Bo” Dietl, as a consultant. Mr. Dietl was a New York City police officer and detective from June 1969 until he retired in 1985 and is one of the most highly decorated detectives in the history of the police department, with thousands of arrests to his credit. He was one of the first NYPD undercover decoy cops and was hospitalized 30 times for injuries sustained in the line of duty. In 1989, President George Bush appointed Mr. Dietl as co-chairman of the National Crime Commission. In 1994, Governor George E. Pataki appointed him as chairman of the New York State Security Guard Advisory Council, and he was subsequently re-appointed by Governor Elliot Spitzer. Mr. Dietl served as security consultant to the National Republican Convention and as director of security for many New York State Republican Conventions. He is the founder and chairman of Beau Dietl & Associates and Investigations.com. Founded in 1985, Beau Dietl & Associates has grown to become one of the premier investigative and security firms in the nation and is a full service organization providing a wide variety of investigative and security services to corporate and individual clients worldwide. In 2010, Mr. Dietl formed Beau Dietl Consulting Services (BDCS), which recruits temporary and permanent placements in the IT, finance, and business verticals for global leaders and Fortune 500 companies with clients such as JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, and Ernst & Young. Mr. Dietl has also been active in the entertainment industry, as a frequent guest on Fox News, and with parts in over 20 movies and television series. Joseph Bianco, the CEO of Digipath, commented, „Bo Dietl is one of the most respected and connected figures in New York City and across the U.S. His passion for justice and law enforcement is legendary, and he is a supporter of cannabis legalization efforts in the U.S. Bringing him aboard Digipath as a consultant will provide great visibility to our company.” About Digipath, Inc. Digipath, Inc. is an independent cannabis testing and media firm that supports the cannabis industry’s best practices for reliable testing and delivers cannabis news coverage and education about the cannabis industry. Digipath’s two business units are Digipath Labs and TNM News Corp. Digipath Labs™ is working to set the industry standard for testing all forms of cannabis-based products using FDA-compliant laboratory equipment and proprietary standard operating procedures (SOP) to ensure product safety and efficacy. TNM News Corp. has pioneered a cannabis-focused news network, The National Marijuana News, which delivers news, interviews, and education on all things cannabis. For more information please visit http://www.Digipath.com/ Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking statements” that include information relating to future events, and future financial and operating performance. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management’s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: the Company’s need for additional funding, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, the demand for the Company’s products, the introduction of new products, the Company’s ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company’s liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Digipath, please refer to the Company’s recent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Harrison Phillips Viridian Capital Advisors, LLC (212) 209-3086 hphillips@viridianca.com   SOURCE DigiPath, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Education, Entertainment, Industry, Markets, Movies, Nation, officer, Personnel Announcements, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Evidence-Based Recommendation Released From NICE (U.K.) For Lateral Interbody Fusion Next PostNext Petmate® Debuts New Collections at Global Pet Expo Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard „Bo” Dietl, as Consultant NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Digipath, Inc. (OTCQB: DIGP), an independent cannabis lab testing and media firm, is pleased to announce it has hired renowned ex-NYPD detective, Mr. Richard „Bo” Dietl, as a consultant. Mr. Dietl was a New York City police officer and detective from June 1969 until he retired in 1985 and is one of the most highly decorated detectives in the history of the police department, with thousands of arrests to his credit. He was one of the first NYPD undercover decoy cops and was hospitalized 30 times for injuries sustained in the line of duty. In 1989, President George Bush appointed Mr. Dietl as co-chairman of the National Crime Commission. In 1994, Governor George E. Pataki appointed him as chairman of the New York State Security Guard Advisory Council, and he was subsequently re-appointed by Governor Elliot Spitzer. Mr. Dietl served as security consultant to the National Republican Convention and as director of security for many New York State Republican Conventions. He is the founder and chairman of Beau Dietl & Associates and Investigations.com. Founded in 1985, Beau Dietl & Associates has grown to become one of the premier investigative and security firms in the nation and is a full service organization providing a wide variety of investigative and security services to corporate and individual clients worldwide. In 2010, Mr. Dietl formed Beau Dietl Consulting Services (BDCS), which recruits temporary and permanent placements in the IT, finance, and business verticals for global leaders and Fortune 500 companies with clients such as JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, and Ernst & Young. Mr. Dietl has also been active in the entertainment industry, as a frequent guest on Fox News, and with parts in over 20 movies and television series. Joseph Bianco, the CEO of Digipath, commented, „Bo Dietl is one of the most respected and connected figures in New York City and across the U.S. His passion for justice and law enforcement is legendary, and he is a supporter of cannabis legalization efforts in the U.S. Bringing him aboard Digipath as a consultant will provide great visibility to our company.” About Digipath, Inc. Digipath, Inc. is an independent cannabis testing and media firm that supports the cannabis industry’s best practices for reliable testing and delivers cannabis news coverage and education about the cannabis industry. Digipath’s two business units are Digipath Labs and TNM News Corp. Digipath Labs™ is working to set the industry standard for testing all forms of cannabis-based products using FDA-compliant laboratory equipment and proprietary standard operating procedures (SOP) to ensure product safety and efficacy. TNM News Corp. has pioneered a cannabis-focused news network, The National Marijuana News, which delivers news, interviews, and education on all things cannabis. For more information please visit http://www.Digipath.com/ Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking statements” that include information relating to future events, and future financial and operating performance. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management’s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: the Company’s need for additional funding, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, the demand for the Company’s products, the introduction of new products, the Company’s ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company’s liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Digipath, please refer to the Company’s recent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Harrison Phillips Viridian Capital Advisors, LLC (212) 209-3086 hphillips@viridianca.com   SOURCE DigiPath, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Education, Entertainment, Industry, Markets, Movies, Nation, officer, Personnel Announcements, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Evidence-Based Recommendation Released From NICE (U.K.) For Lateral Interbody Fusion Next PostNext Petmate® Debuts New Collections at Global Pet Expo Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard „Bo” Dietl, as Consultant NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Digipath, Inc. (OTCQB: DIGP), an independent cannabis lab testing and media firm, is pleased to announce it has hired renowned ex-NYPD detective, Mr. Richard „Bo” Dietl, as a consultant. Mr. Dietl was a New York City police officer and detective from June 1969 until he retired in 1985 and is one of the most highly decorated detectives in the history of the police department, with thousands of arrests to his credit. He was one of the first NYPD undercover decoy cops and was hospitalized 30 times for injuries sustained in the line of duty. In 1989, President George Bush appointed Mr. Dietl as co-chairman of the National Crime Commission. In 1994, Governor George E. Pataki appointed him as chairman of the New York State Security Guard Advisory Council, and he was subsequently re-appointed by Governor Elliot Spitzer. Mr. Dietl served as security consultant to the National Republican Convention and as director of security for many New York State Republican Conventions. He is the founder and chairman of Beau Dietl & Associates and Investigations.com. Founded in 1985, Beau Dietl & Associates has grown to become one of the premier investigative and security firms in the nation and is a full service organization providing a wide variety of investigative and security services to corporate and individual clients worldwide. In 2010, Mr. Dietl formed Beau Dietl Consulting Services (BDCS), which recruits temporary and permanent placements in the IT, finance, and business verticals for global leaders and Fortune 500 companies with clients such as JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, and Ernst & Young. Mr. Dietl has also been active in the entertainment industry, as a frequent guest on Fox News, and with parts in over 20 movies and television series. Joseph Bianco, the CEO of Digipath, commented, „Bo Dietl is one of the most respected and connected figures in New York City and across the U.S. His passion for justice and law enforcement is legendary, and he is a supporter of cannabis legalization efforts in the U.S. Bringing him aboard Digipath as a consultant will provide great visibility to our company.” About Digipath, Inc. Digipath, Inc. is an independent cannabis testing and media firm that supports the cannabis industry’s best practices for reliable testing and delivers cannabis news coverage and education about the cannabis industry. Digipath’s two business units are Digipath Labs and TNM News Corp. Digipath Labs™ is working to set the industry standard for testing all forms of cannabis-based products using FDA-compliant laboratory equipment and proprietary standard operating procedures (SOP) to ensure product safety and efficacy. TNM News Corp. has pioneered a cannabis-focused news network, The National Marijuana News, which delivers news, interviews, and education on all things cannabis. For more information please visit http://www.Digipath.com/ Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking statements” that include information relating to future events, and future financial and operating performance. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management’s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: the Company’s need for additional funding, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, the demand for the Company’s products, the introduction of new products, the Company’s ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company’s liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Digipath, please refer to the Company’s recent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Harrison Phillips Viridian Capital Advisors, LLC (212) 209-3086 hphillips@viridianca.com   SOURCE DigiPath, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Education, Entertainment, Industry, Markets, Movies, Nation, officer, Personnel Announcements, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Evidence-Based Recommendation Released From NICE (U.K.) For Lateral Interbody Fusion Next PostNext Petmate® Debuts New Collections at Global Pet Expo Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Encana Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Encana Corp (ECA) Director Buys $130,995.00 in Stock Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) (TSE:ECA) Director Clayton Harvey Woitas bought 12,300 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $10.65 per share, with a total value of $130,995.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Clayton Harvey Woitas also recently made the following trade(s): On Friday, March 10th, Clayton Harvey Woitas bought 14,400 shares of Encana Corp stock. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $10.46 per share, with a total value of $150,624.00. Shares of Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) opened at 10.69 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $11.75 and its 200 day moving average price is $11.41. The stock’s market capitalization is $10.40 billion. Encana Corp has a 52 week low of $5.36 and a 52 week high of $13.85. Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.03 by $0.06. Encana Corp had a positive return on equity of 1.79% and a negative net margin of 40.77%. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.13 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Encana Corp will post $0.35 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be issued a $0.015 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, March 13th. This represents a $0.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.56%. Encana Corp’s payout ratio is -3.97%. Your IP Address: Several brokerages have recently issued reports on ECA. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $15.00 target price on shares of Encana Corp in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Encana Corp in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $16.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Encana Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Vetr raised Encana Corp from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $15.42 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Encana Corp in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $13.88. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $113,848,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $251,000. Worth Venture Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $343,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. raised its stake in shares of Encana Corp by 19.1% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 24,713 shares of the company’s stock worth $295,000 after buying an additional 3,967 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Encana Corp by 40.6% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 79,518 shares of the company’s stock worth $934,000 after buying an additional 22,960 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 64.57% of the company’s stock. Encana Corp Company Profile Encana Corp is a Canada-based energy producer, which is engaged in the business of exploration, development, production and marketing of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs). The Company’s operations also include the marketing of natural gas, oil and NGLs. All of its reserves and production are located in North America. Receive News & Ratings for Encana Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous B/E Aerospace Inc (BEAV) Shares Bought by Janus Capital Management LLC Next » Insider Selling: Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) VP Sells $76,060.60 in Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard "Bo" Dietl, as Consultant News provided by DigiPath, Inc. Mar 20, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Digipath, Inc. (OTCQB: DIGP), an independent cannabis lab testing and media firm, is pleased to announce it has hired renowned ex-NYPD detective, Mr. Richard "Bo" Dietl, as a consultant. Mr. Dietl was a New York City police officer and detective from June 1969 until he retired in 1985 and is one of the most highly decorated detectives in the history of the police department, with thousands of arrests to his credit. He was one of the first NYPD undercover decoy cops and was hospitalized 30 times for injuries sustained in the line of duty. In 1989, President George Bush appointed Mr. Dietl as co-chairman of the National Crime Commission. In 1994, Governor George E. Pataki appointed him as chairman of the New York State Security Guard Advisory Council, and he was subsequently re-appointed by Governor Elliot Spitzer. Mr. Dietl served as security consultant to the National Republican Convention and as director of security for many New York State Republican Conventions. He is the founder and chairman of Beau Dietl & Associates and Investigations.com. Founded in 1985, Beau Dietl & Associates has grown to become one of the premier investigative and security firms in the nation and is a full service organization providing a wide variety of investigative and security services to corporate and individual clients worldwide. In 2010, Mr. Dietl formed Beau Dietl Consulting Services (BDCS), which recruits temporary and permanent placements in the IT, finance, and business verticals for global leaders and Fortune 500 companies with clients such as JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, and Ernst & Young. Mr. Dietl has also been active in the entertainment industry, as a frequent guest on Fox News, and with parts in over 20 movies and television series. Joseph Bianco, the CEO of Digipath, commented, "Bo Dietl is one of the most respected and connected figures in New York City and across the U.S. His passion for justice and law enforcement is legendary, and he is a supporter of cannabis legalization efforts in the U.S. Bringing him aboard Digipath as a consultant will provide great visibility to our company." About Digipath, Inc. Digipath, Inc. is an independent cannabis testing and media firm that supports the cannabis industry's best practices for reliable testing and delivers cannabis news coverage and education about the cannabis industry. Digipath's two business units are Digipath Labs and TNM News Corp. Digipath Labs™ is working to set the industry standard for testing all forms of cannabis-based products using FDA-compliant laboratory equipment and proprietary standard operating procedures (SOP) to ensure product safety and efficacy. TNM News Corp. has pioneered a cannabis-focused news network, The National Marijuana News, which delivers news, interviews, and education on all things cannabis. For more information please visit http://www.Digipath.com/ Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events, and future financial and operating performance. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: the Company's need for additional funding, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, the demand for the Company's products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Digipath, please refer to the Company's recent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Harrison Phillips Viridian Capital Advisors, LLC (212) 209-3086 hphillips@viridianca.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/digipath-hires-renowned-ex-nypd-detective-richard-bo-dietl-as-consultant-300425965.html SOURCE DigiPath, Inc. Related Links http://www.digipath.com Mar 22, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Digipath to Present at Viridian Cannabis Investment Summit in New York City Feb 28, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Digipath Appoints Dr. Alfredo Axtmayer to Board of Directors My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 22, 2017, 09:00 ETDigipath to Present at Viridian Cannabis Investment Summit in New... Feb 28, 2017, 09:00 ETDigipath Appoints Dr. Alfredo Axtmayer to Board of Directors Explore More news releases in similar topics OTC, SmallCap Health Care & Hospitals Supplementary Medicine Personnel Announcements You just read: Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard "Bo" Dietl, as Consultant News provided by DigiPath, Inc. Mar 20, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Thomas Pergola Joins Sterling National Bank’s Commercial Banking Team MONTEBELLO, NY–(Marketwired – March 20, 2017) – Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp (NYSE: STL), announced today that Thomas Pergola has joined its Commercial Banking team as Senior Vice President and Managing Director. He will report to Ray Guanlao, Senior Manager Director and Team Leader at Sterling. Pergola will aid in managing team sales and service efforts to grow and retain Sterling’s valued client relationships. He will maintain a portfolio of relationships with target segments that lead to loans, deposits and other revenue generating products and services. Pergola has extensive experience in client management, real estate financing and commercial lending. He most recently was Senior Vice President of BankUnited, where he specialized in managing a portfolio of real estate clients and high quality loan assets. Prior to joining BankUnited, he was Senior Vice President of JPMorgan Chase Bank, where he oversaw investment real estate transactions for the Northeast middle market. „We are excited to welcome Thomas to the Sterling family. He brings unparalleled experience in growing client relationships and supporting new business initiatives,” said David S. Bagatelle, Executive Vice President and President-New York Metro Market at Sterling. „As a seasoned banking executive, he brings financing acumen that will exceptionally benefit client offerings and support the growth of the bank.” Pergola graduated from Rider University with a bachelor’s in Business Administration. About Sterling National Bank Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp, specializes in the delivery of service and solutions to business owners, their families, and consumers in communities within the greater New York City area through teams of dedicated and experienced relationship managers. Sterling National Bank offers a complete line of commercial, business, and consumer banking products and services. For more information, visit www.snb.com. Forward-Looking Statements This release may contain „forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may concern Sterling’s current expectations about its future results, plans, operations and prospects and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including inflation; the effects of, and changes in, trade; changes in asset quality and credit risk; introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; capital management activities; customer disintermediation; and the success of Sterling at managing these risks. Other factors that could cause Sterling’s actual results to differ from those indicated in forward-looking statements are included in the „Risk Factors” section of Sterling’s securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date hereof, and Sterling specifically disclaims any obligation to update these statements in the future. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/17/11G133415/Images/Thomas-Pergola_4160C-Print-c6a6c5277c419590bb33c5fa4557e47b.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Markets, private, section, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious M Split Corp. Monthly Dividend Declared for Class I Preferred Shares Next PostNext Silver Range Stakes Two Large, High Grade Gold Targets in Nunavut Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Thomas Pergola Joins Sterling National Bank’s Commercial Banking Team MONTEBELLO, NY–(Marketwired – March 20, 2017) – Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp (NYSE: STL), announced today that Thomas Pergola has joined its Commercial Banking team as Senior Vice President and Managing Director. He will report to Ray Guanlao, Senior Manager Director and Team Leader at Sterling. Pergola will aid in managing team sales and service efforts to grow and retain Sterling’s valued client relationships. He will maintain a portfolio of relationships with target segments that lead to loans, deposits and other revenue generating products and services. Pergola has extensive experience in client management, real estate financing and commercial lending. He most recently was Senior Vice President of BankUnited, where he specialized in managing a portfolio of real estate clients and high quality loan assets. Prior to joining BankUnited, he was Senior Vice President of JPMorgan Chase Bank, where he oversaw investment real estate transactions for the Northeast middle market. „We are excited to welcome Thomas to the Sterling family. He brings unparalleled experience in growing client relationships and supporting new business initiatives,” said David S. Bagatelle, Executive Vice President and President-New York Metro Market at Sterling. „As a seasoned banking executive, he brings financing acumen that will exceptionally benefit client offerings and support the growth of the bank.” Pergola graduated from Rider University with a bachelor’s in Business Administration. About Sterling National Bank Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp, specializes in the delivery of service and solutions to business owners, their families, and consumers in communities within the greater New York City area through teams of dedicated and experienced relationship managers. Sterling National Bank offers a complete line of commercial, business, and consumer banking products and services. For more information, visit www.snb.com. Forward-Looking Statements This release may contain „forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may concern Sterling’s current expectations about its future results, plans, operations and prospects and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including inflation; the effects of, and changes in, trade; changes in asset quality and credit risk; introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; capital management activities; customer disintermediation; and the success of Sterling at managing these risks. Other factors that could cause Sterling’s actual results to differ from those indicated in forward-looking statements are included in the „Risk Factors” section of Sterling’s securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date hereof, and Sterling specifically disclaims any obligation to update these statements in the future. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/17/11G133415/Images/Thomas-Pergola_4160C-Print-c6a6c5277c419590bb33c5fa4557e47b.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Markets, private, section, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious M Split Corp. Monthly Dividend Declared for Class I Preferred Shares Next PostNext Silver Range Stakes Two Large, High Grade Gold Targets in Nunavut Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Orbital Insight Expands U.S. Retail Traffic Product to More Than 100 Retailers LAS VEGAS, NV–(Marketwired – Mar 20, 2017) – Shoptalk — Orbital Insight, a geospatial analytics and software company, today announced the expansion of its U.S. Retail Traffic product to cover more than 100 U.S.-based retailers. The company uses artificial intelligence to analyze satellite imagery of store parking lots and count the number of cars at each store location. By counting the number of cars in the parking lots of each U.S. location for a particular chain, Orbital Insight can estimate the retailer’s sales numbers before official statistics are released. For instance, Orbital Insight found that J.C. Penney car counts were down 5 percent year-over-year in Q4 of 2016, which mirrors in-store sales during the same period, which were down 0.7 percent. Another example is the company’s analysis of Lowe’s. Since March 2014, Orbital Insight has seen Lowe’s car counts per lot increase by over 10 percent, which, coupled with an increase in store locations over the same period and boosted investor sentiment, correlates with the 66 percent stock price appreciation during that time. The company launched the U.S. Retail Traffic product in 2014 with 20 publicly-traded retailers and has continued adding new store brands since. Now, Orbital Insight officially monitors the parking lots of more than 200,000 individual store locations for more than 100 different chains across all industries, including food, automotive and retail. Companies now monitored include the Cheesecake Factory (CAKE), Chuck E. Cheese (CEC), Gap (GPS), Office Depot (ODP), O’Reilly Auto Parts (ORLY), and The Container Store (TCS), among others. The datasets have proven valuable to customers, having been utilized in reports by analysts from companies like JPMorgan Chase. A report by JPMorgan Chase analyst Rod Hall cited that, contrary to expectations, post-election retail store traffic showed year-over-year declines. „This is a significant milestone for Orbital Insight, but we have no intention of stopping here,” says Dr. James Crawford, CEO and founder of Orbital Insight. „In our quest to increase global transparency for everyone, our next step is to add international coverage for large retailers in the U.K. and Canada, while we continue to expand our current product in the U.S.” As more imagery becomes available from the company’s satellite partners, including DigitalGlobe, MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates, and Airbus, Orbital Insight plans to continue to expand its traffic monitoring capabilities to other types of retailers as well, including hotel chains and mall retailers. About Orbital Insight Orbital Insight works at the intersection of big data and the commercialization of space to understand and measure socio-economic trends at scale. As the first mover in large-scale analysis of satellite and UAV imagery, Orbital Insight focuses on the financial, government, energy, and insurance sectors to provide a quantified and objective big-picture understanding of the world. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Industry, intelligence, post, satellite, Space, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TDb Split Corp. Regular Monthly Dividend Declaration for Class A & Preferred Share Next PostNext North American Financial 15 Split Corp.: Regular Monthly Dividend Declaration for Class A & Preferred Share Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TWTR Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More FireEye (FEYE) surges 7% on Goldman Sachs upgrade >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why I Sold Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock (And You Should, Too) Apple is so large that it's simply too tough to get much larger -- one of many potential difficulties for AAPL stock By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 20, 2017, 8:46 am EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Popular Posts: Why I Sold Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock (And You Should, Too) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is a Darling. Now Sell It Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Stock Is a Zombie You Need to Avoid Recent Posts: Bank of America: BAC Stock Is a SAFETY Play? Buy First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Stock If You Have Money to Lose Why Vale SA (ADR) (VALE) Stock Is Still a HUGE Risk View All Posts One thing Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) bulls fail to appreciate is just how big it has become, and thus how difficult it is for the stock to move. Since I discussed AAPL stock in February, it has advanced about $5 to its current level of $140 per share. This small gain has created $26 billion of market cap, because Apple has 5.25 billion shares outstanding. Apple’s valuation of $730 billion is almost $100 billion greater than last year’s GDP for Saudi Arabia. Its market cap gain since Jan. 1 — $124 billion — is more than the total market cap of MasterCard Inc (NYSE:MA). Apple is now worth more than Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) combined. Yet analysts are still pounding the table for Apple, urging you to get into Apple stock. That’s even though a price of $200 per share, predicted by our Will Ashworth, will take its market cap well over $1 trillion — an almost unimaginable figure. AAPL stock has a difficult path to any significant gains now. That’s why I just sold some of my position. Why You Should Be Twitchy Apple’s size has made some InvestorPlace writers antsy about the stock. Ryan Fuhrmann says AAPL stock “is going to frustrate you” and worries that so much of its $78 billion in sales last quarter still came from hardware. The stock has been bid up in anticipation of the iPhone 8 launch, which means investors may have a painful wait for gains. Hillary Kramer notes that even a reboot of the iPad won’t move the needle much on Apple sales, so big has the iPhone become. Apple’s size makes any move it might make to break out of its iPhone dependence, say by going into the movie business, look small. Viacom, Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAB) and its Paramount movie studio, plus its cable networks, would cost mere seat cushion money at a market cap of $17 billion. If Apple CEO Tim Cook decides he doesn’t like what’s on Fox News, he can buy Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (NASDAQ:FOXA) for cash, right now, and the $56 billion market cap would barely make a dent in Apple’s $250 billion cash hoard. It would also be less than one year of operating cash flow. Apple’s giant “spaceship” campus, onto which 12,000 employees are moving, starting next month, may only seem outsize in comparison. Oceans Rise, Empires Fall With Apple selling for just 16 times earnings — that’s less than the general market — Apple bears can still find reasons to be worried. For instance, former Vice President Al Gore — an Apple director — recently sold $37 million worth of shares. Meanwhile, even bullish AAPL analysts imagine a price of $150 per share for the stock, which would be just a 10% gain from where it is now. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/why-i-sold-apple-inc-aapl-stock-and-you-should-too/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Low-Risk Healthcare Picks 5 Blue Chips That Will Get the Selloff's Worst 3 Energy ETFs to Play the Crash in Crude Oil 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC Sears Holdings Admits It’s a Giant Tire Fire Apple's iPad Strategy Is Sneakier Than You Think ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) The 5 Best ETFs to Buy If You Want to Own Bank Stocks 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy in a Bull Market Why the Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Comeback Is Just Beginning Most Popular 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) Trade of the Day: Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (ABX) Stock Is Shining 10 Clobbered Stocks to Buy That Are About to Get Red-Hot Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: March 24, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Editas Medicine Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Earns Buy Rating from Cowen and Company March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cowen and Company restated their buy rating on shares of Editas Medicine Inc (NASDAQ:EDIT) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. “Today Editas partnered its ophthalmology CRISPR programs with Allergan for $90MM.”,” the firm’s analyst wrote. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on EDIT. Jefferies Group LLC set a $35.00 price target on shares of Editas Medicine and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a hold rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research note on Sunday, February 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Editas Medicine from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating, two have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Editas Medicine presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $27.79. Shares of Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) opened at 22.30 on Wednesday. Editas Medicine has a 52-week low of $12.43 and a 52-week high of $43.50. The firm’s market capitalization is $799.23 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $21.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $17.26. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, March 3rd. The company reported ($1.10) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.62) by $0.48. Editas Medicine had a negative return on equity of 59.22% and a negative net margin of 1,184.46%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted ($4.05) EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Editas Medicine will post ($2.85) EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: In other Editas Medicine news, COO Alexandra Glucksmann sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.41, for a total transaction of $26,410.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 118,788 shares in the company, valued at $3,137,191.08. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CFO Andrew A. F. Hack sold 15,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.20, for a total transaction of $288,000.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 15,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $288,000. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 25,000 shares of company stock valued at $495,490. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in EDIT. PARK CIRCLE Co acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth approximately $135,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth approximately $284,000. Hamilton Lane Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth approximately $260,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth approximately $299,000. Finally, A.R.T. Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth approximately $417,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 60.89% of the company’s stock. Editas Medicine Company Profile Editas Medicine, Inc, formerly Gengine, Inc, is a genome editing company. The Company is engaged in treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing genes. It operates through developing and commercializing genome editing technology segment. It is developing a genome editing platform based on clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR)/CRISPR associated protein 9 (Cas9) technology. Receive News & Ratings for Editas Medicine Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Yext Gears Up for IPO By Chris Lange March 20, 2017 9:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet As 2017 continues with the markets holding near their all-time highs, more and more companies are filing for initial public offerings (IPOs). Even though the biggest IPO of the year thus far, Snap Inc. (NASDAQ: SNAP), has fallen flat, this has not deterred other companies from trying to make some money in the market. Yext has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its IPO. No pricing details were mentioned in the filing, but the offering is valued up to $100 million, although this number is usually just a placeholder. The company plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol YEXT. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, RBC Capital Markets, Pacific Crest Securities and Piper Jaffray. This company is a knowledge engine. Its platform lets businesses manage their digital knowledge in the cloud and sync it to over 100 services, including Apple Maps, Bing, Cortana, Facebook, Google, Google Maps, Instagram, Siri and Yelp. Digital knowledge is the structured information that a business wants to make publicly accessible. For example, in food service, the address, phone number or menu details of a restaurant; in health care, the health insurances accepted by a physician or the precise drop-off point of the emergency room at a hospital campus; or in finance, the ATM locations, retail bank holiday hours or insurance agent biographies. Intelligent search, which are searches of digital knowledge that combine context and intent, has grown significantly in recent years. Yext’s solution drives commerce by providing real-time digital knowledge that allows consumers to find the businesses and service providers that are most relevant to them. Yext described its finances in the filing as follows: For our fiscal years ended January 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $60.0 million and $89.7 million, respectively, our net loss was $17.3 million and $26.5 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss1 was $14.4 million and $22.0 million, respectively. For the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $64.0 million and $88.6 million and our net loss was $18.2 million and $28.6 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss was $15.2 million and $22.3 million, respectively. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate expenses. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: AMD, FireEye, Netflix, Shake Shack, Snap, Workday and Many More The 13 Cities Getting 5G » Read more: Technology, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Baidu and Tencent Just Invested in this Electric Vehicle Maker Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Orbital Insight March 20, 2017 09:00 ET Orbital Insight Expands U.S. Retail Traffic Product to More Than 100 Retailers Geospatial analytics startup now analyzing over 200,000 store parking lots LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Mar 20, 2017) - Shoptalk -- Orbital Insight, a geospatial analytics and software company, today announced the expansion of its U.S. Retail Traffic product to cover more than 100 U.S.-based retailers. The company uses artificial intelligence to analyze satellite imagery of store parking lots and count the number of cars at each store location. By counting the number of cars in the parking lots of each U.S. location for a particular chain, Orbital Insight can estimate the retailer's sales numbers before official statistics are released. For instance, Orbital Insight found that J.C. Penney car counts were down 5 percent year-over-year in Q4 of 2016, which mirrors in-store sales during the same period, which were down 0.7 percent. Another example is the company's analysis of Lowe's. Since March 2014, Orbital Insight has seen Lowe's car counts per lot increase by over 10 percent, which, coupled with an increase in store locations over the same period and boosted investor sentiment, correlates with the 66 percent stock price appreciation during that time. The company launched the U.S. Retail Traffic product in 2014 with 20 publicly-traded retailers and has continued adding new store brands since. Now, Orbital Insight officially monitors the parking lots of more than 200,000 individual store locations for more than 100 different chains across all industries, including food, automotive and retail. Companies now monitored include the Cheesecake Factory (CAKE), Chuck E. Cheese (CEC), Gap (GPS), Office Depot (ODP), O'Reilly Auto Parts (ORLY), and The Container Store (TCS), among others. The datasets have proven valuable to customers, having been utilized in reports by analysts from companies like JPMorgan Chase. A report by JPMorgan Chase analyst Rod Hall cited that, contrary to expectations, post-election retail store traffic showed year-over-year declines. "This is a significant milestone for Orbital Insight, but we have no intention of stopping here," says Dr. James Crawford, CEO and founder of Orbital Insight. "In our quest to increase global transparency for everyone, our next step is to add international coverage for large retailers in the U.K. and Canada, while we continue to expand our current product in the U.S." As more imagery becomes available from the company's satellite partners, including DigitalGlobe, MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates, and Airbus, Orbital Insight plans to continue to expand its traffic monitoring capabilities to other types of retailers as well, including hotel chains and mall retailers. About Orbital Insight Orbital Insight works at the intersection of big data and the commercialization of space to understand and measure socio-economic trends at scale. As the first mover in large-scale analysis of satellite and UAV imagery, Orbital Insight focuses on the financial, government, energy, and insurance sectors to provide a quantified and objective big-picture understanding of the world. Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Orbital Insight From this industry Aerospace and Defense Computers and Software Professional Services From this sub-industry Space Big Data Software Accounting, Audit and Tax Consulting Engineering Other Professional Services See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Orbital Insight   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Orbital Insight March 20, 2017 09:00 ET Orbital Insight Expands U.S. Retail Traffic Product to More Than 100 Retailers Geospatial analytics startup now analyzing over 200,000 store parking lots LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Mar 20, 2017) - Shoptalk -- Orbital Insight, a geospatial analytics and software company, today announced the expansion of its U.S. Retail Traffic product to cover more than 100 U.S.-based retailers. The company uses artificial intelligence to analyze satellite imagery of store parking lots and count the number of cars at each store location. By counting the number of cars in the parking lots of each U.S. location for a particular chain, Orbital Insight can estimate the retailer's sales numbers before official statistics are released. For instance, Orbital Insight found that J.C. Penney car counts were down 5 percent year-over-year in Q4 of 2016, which mirrors in-store sales during the same period, which were down 0.7 percent. Another example is the company's analysis of Lowe's. Since March 2014, Orbital Insight has seen Lowe's car counts per lot increase by over 10 percent, which, coupled with an increase in store locations over the same period and boosted investor sentiment, correlates with the 66 percent stock price appreciation during that time. The company launched the U.S. Retail Traffic product in 2014 with 20 publicly-traded retailers and has continued adding new store brands since. Now, Orbital Insight officially monitors the parking lots of more than 200,000 individual store locations for more than 100 different chains across all industries, including food, automotive and retail. Companies now monitored include the Cheesecake Factory (CAKE), Chuck E. Cheese (CEC), Gap (GPS), Office Depot (ODP), O'Reilly Auto Parts (ORLY), and The Container Store (TCS), among others. The datasets have proven valuable to customers, having been utilized in reports by analysts from companies like JPMorgan Chase. A report by JPMorgan Chase analyst Rod Hall cited that, contrary to expectations, post-election retail store traffic showed year-over-year declines. "This is a significant milestone for Orbital Insight, but we have no intention of stopping here," says Dr. James Crawford, CEO and founder of Orbital Insight. "In our quest to increase global transparency for everyone, our next step is to add international coverage for large retailers in the U.K. and Canada, while we continue to expand our current product in the U.S." As more imagery becomes available from the company's satellite partners, including DigitalGlobe, MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates, and Airbus, Orbital Insight plans to continue to expand its traffic monitoring capabilities to other types of retailers as well, including hotel chains and mall retailers. About Orbital Insight Orbital Insight works at the intersection of big data and the commercialization of space to understand and measure socio-economic trends at scale. As the first mover in large-scale analysis of satellite and UAV imagery, Orbital Insight focuses on the financial, government, energy, and insurance sectors to provide a quantified and objective big-picture understanding of the world. Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Orbital Insight From this industry Aerospace and Defense Computers and Software Professional Services From this sub-industry Space Big Data Software Accounting, Audit and Tax Consulting Engineering Other Professional Services See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Orbital Insight   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Sterling National Bank March 20, 2017 09:00 ET Thomas Pergola Joins Sterling National Bank's Commercial Banking Team Thomas Pergola to grow bank's relationships and extend service offerings MONTEBELLO, NY--(Marketwired - March 20, 2017) - Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp (NYSE: STL), announced today that Thomas Pergola has joined its Commercial Banking team as Senior Vice President and Managing Director. He will report to Ray Guanlao, Senior Manager Director and Team Leader at Sterling. Pergola will aid in managing team sales and service efforts to grow and retain Sterling's valued client relationships. He will maintain a portfolio of relationships with target segments that lead to loans, deposits and other revenue generating products and services. Pergola has extensive experience in client management, real estate financing and commercial lending. He most recently was Senior Vice President of BankUnited, where he specialized in managing a portfolio of real estate clients and high quality loan assets. Prior to joining BankUnited, he was Senior Vice President of JPMorgan Chase Bank, where he oversaw investment real estate transactions for the Northeast middle market. "We are excited to welcome Thomas to the Sterling family. He brings unparalleled experience in growing client relationships and supporting new business initiatives," said David S. Bagatelle, Executive Vice President and President-New York Metro Market at Sterling. "As a seasoned banking executive, he brings financing acumen that will exceptionally benefit client offerings and support the growth of the bank." Pergola graduated from Rider University with a bachelor's in Business Administration. About Sterling National Bank Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp, specializes in the delivery of service and solutions to business owners, their families, and consumers in communities within the greater New York City area through teams of dedicated and experienced relationship managers. Sterling National Bank offers a complete line of commercial, business, and consumer banking products and services. For more information, visit www.snb.com. Forward-Looking Statements This release may contain "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may concern Sterling's current expectations about its future results, plans, operations and prospects and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including inflation; the effects of, and changes in, trade; changes in asset quality and credit risk; introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; capital management activities; customer disintermediation; and the success of Sterling at managing these risks. Other factors that could cause Sterling's actual results to differ from those indicated in forward-looking statements are included in the "Risk Factors" section of Sterling's securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date hereof, and Sterling specifically disclaims any obligation to update these statements in the future. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/17/11G133415/Images/Thomas-Pergola_4160C-Print-c6a6c5277c419590bb33c5fa4557e47b.jpg Contact Information STERLING NATIONAL BANK: Linda Dunbar FVP, Director of Corporate Communications 845.369.8085 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Sterling National Bank From this industry Financial Services Professional Services From this sub-industry Commercial and Investment Banking Personal Finance Retail Banking Accounting, Audit and Tax Investor Relations See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Thomas Pergola, Sterling National Bank View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing ArcelorMittal SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Receives $6.59 Average Price Target from Analysts Posted by William Strong on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) have earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the eighteen brokerages that are presently covering the firm. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation, ten have issued a buy recommendation and one has given a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month price target among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $6.59. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of ArcelorMittal SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $8.50 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. Commerzbank Ag raised shares of ArcelorMittal SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $10.50 price target on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Your IP Address: Shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) opened at 9.03 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $27.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.56 and a beta of 2.06. The company’s 50-day moving average is $8.63 and its 200-day moving average is $7.40. ArcelorMittal SA has a 1-year low of $3.88 and a 1-year high of $9.37. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Tide Point Capital Management LP raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 85.1% in the fourth quarter. Tide Point Capital Management LP now owns 8,330,860 shares of the company’s stock valued at $60,815,000 after buying an additional 3,830,860 shares during the period. Two Sigma Investments LP raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 11,710.2% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 2,992,587 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,846,000 after buying an additional 2,967,248 shares during the period. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 735.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,870,010 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,951,000 after buying an additional 2,526,400 shares during the period. Jane Street Group LLC raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 2,925.5% in the third quarter. Jane Street Group LLC now owns 2,492,979 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,058,000 after buying an additional 2,410,579 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 73.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,607,239 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,868,000 after buying an additional 2,368,359 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.46% of the company’s stock. About ArcelorMittal SA ArcelorMittal SA is a Luxembourg- based holding company. It is an integrated steel and mining company. It operates through five segments: NAFTA; Europe; Brazil; Africa and Commonwealth of Independent States (ACIS) and Mining. The NAFTA segment produces flat, long and tubular products. The Brazil segment includes the flat operations of Brazil, and the long and tubular operations of Brazil and neighboring countries. Receive News & Ratings for ArcelorMittal SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Receives $37.67 Consensus PT from Brokerages Next » Bill Barrett Co. (BBG) Receives $8.60 Average PT from Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Receives $224.15 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) has received an average rating of “Hold” from the twenty-nine research firms that are presently covering the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, eleven have assigned a hold recommendation and fourteen have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $223.04. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Vetr upgraded shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $236.72 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Berenberg Bank downgraded shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and raised their target price for the company from $140.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Compass Point assumed coverage on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 target price for the company. Finally, Macquarie restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) opened at 243.94 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $101.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.98 and a beta of 1.50. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $245.50 and a 200 day moving average price of $212.23. Goldman Sachs Group has a 1-year low of $138.20 and a 1-year high of $255.15. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, January 18th. The investment management company reported $5.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.82 by $0.26. The company earned $8.17 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.80 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a net margin of 24.17% and a return on equity of 9.78%. Goldman Sachs Group’s revenue was up 12.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $4.68 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.17 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be issued a $0.65 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.07%. Goldman Sachs Group’s payout ratio is 15.89%. In other Goldman Sachs Group news, Vice Chairman Pablo J. Salame sold 16,185 shares of Goldman Sachs Group stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $240.19, for a total value of $3,887,475.15. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 146,133 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $35,099,685.27. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Harvey M. Schwartz sold 25,000 shares of Goldman Sachs Group stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total transaction of $5,849,750.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 251,256 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $58,791,391.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 128,590 shares of company stock valued at $30,926,594 in the last ninety days. 2.61% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. GLG Partners LP boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 15.4% in the second quarter. GLG Partners LP now owns 15,000 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $2,229,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares during the last quarter. Mirador Capital Partners LP boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 47.1% in the second quarter. Mirador Capital Partners LP now owns 2,425 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $384,000 after buying an additional 776 shares during the last quarter. Bluefin Trading LLC purchased a new position in Goldman Sachs Group during the second quarter worth $2,288,000. Legal & General Group Plc boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 0.7% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 1,866,405 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $277,270,000 after buying an additional 13,767 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Amalgamated Bank boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 19.6% in the second quarter. Amalgamated Bank now owns 18,176 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $2,978,000 after buying an additional 2,984 shares during the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Your IP Address: About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is a bank holding company and a financial holding company. The Company operates through four segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. The Company’s Investment Banking segment provides financial advisory services, which include advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, spin-offs and risk management. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Bill Barrett Co. (BBG) Receives $8.60 Average PT from Analysts Next » Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Microsoft (MSFT) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Miami Beach March 20, 2017 9:01 AM They took a bank for $10 million. Weapon of choice: luxury homes. Sunset Harbour South in 2007 Miami Herald File i By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Two Miami-Dade mortgage fraudsters pleaded guilty in federal court last week to being part of a swindle that cost a bank $10 million and stressed two South Florida condominiums as the 2007-08 recession hit. Miami Lakes’ Michelle Cabrera, 48, and Hialeah’s Pedro Melian, 39, each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud affecting a financial institution. That’s a maximum 30-year sentence. The others accused of being in cahoots with Cabrera and Melian, Sunny Isles Beach’s Marco Laureti and Miami Beach’s Felix Mostelac, have been indicted on conspiracy to commit wire fraud and multiple counts of wire fraud. Each awaits trial. According to court documents, Cabrera admitted to using six properties in the fraud — four at 45 Hendricks Isle in Fort Lauderdale, the Tower Suite 2/3 in Miami Beach’s Sunset Harbour South and a house at 205 E. San Marino Dr. The bank was Washington Mutual, which went under in the 2008 economic collapse and got swallowed by JP Morgan Chase. As Melian and Cabrera’s statements admit, the scheme started with fraudulent loan applications. Each application contained at least one lie. Washington Mutual approved the loans and sent the loan proceeds to Cabrera’s company, Florida Title. Part of that money would be used for the cash down payment on the real estate. The rest was taken by the quartet, according to court documents. For example, when using the Sunset Harbour unit, Cabrera’s statement says they told Washington Mutual that Mostelac would be putting up over $2.3 million “cash from borrower” out of his pocket. Washington Mutual wired the rest of the sale price, $4.27 million. Out of that, the group paid the $2.3 million down payment and walked off with the $1.9 million. Melian used his mother as the fake buyer on a 45 Hendricks Isle penthouse, which Broward County records show sold to Melian’s mother for $3.8 million in 2010. JP Morgan Chase foreclosed on the property and sold it to the Hendricks Isle IG for $900,000 in 2010. After the sale scam, no loan payments were made nor, in the case of the condos, maintenance paid. The buildings’ residents found themselves facing assessments or raised maintenance bills, especially in the 2007-09 shower of foreclosures. The maintenance on the Sunset Harbour tower suite apartment, for example, approached $6,000, more than triple the maintenance for the building’s four bedroom-four bathroom apartments. On the San Marino Drive house, Cabrera’s statement describes adding a layer to the scheme. She says she and Laureti, the listed buyer according to Miami-Dade property records, got just over $5.2 million of the $6.9 million selling price as a loan from Washington Mutual, then stated Laureti would be making a nearly $1.7 million cash down payment. Then, Cabrera claims she wired $1.2 million to Lauerti’s company that he used to pay the downpayment. This was called “real estate commission” on the HUD-1 Settlement Statement to Washington Mutual — a 17 percent commission when 2 to 4 percent is average with the buyer getting a sales commission. David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Miami Beach Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:20 Guerrilla artist: A Colombian rebel and painter emerges from the jungle Pause 0:42 An off-duty cop went unconscious in a drive-thru. He jumped though the window to help. 2:17 Spoonbills indicator for health of Florida Bay 0:51 Researchers tag and release Weimar, a mature male tiger shark 1:44 Gorsuch is an Originalist. What’s That? 2:29 Miami Heat's Whiteside talks about hand injury 2:42 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase meets the press at combine 1:06 FHP trooper critically hurt in Dolphin Expressway accident 1:42 Biden rallies Democrats on anniversary of Affordable Care Act 0:50 Manhunt for suspect closes Hialeah streets Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 9 days ago These thieves case a Collins Ave Condo, then steal $11k motorcycle 0:45 9 days ago These thieves case a Collins Ave Condo, then steal $11k motorcycle 0:32 25 days ago Miami Beach police investigating after reports of swastikas on cars 2:53 25 days ago Chef Jose Andres' speech about being an immigrant View more video Miami Beach Miami Beach awards $47 million in contracts to finish anti-flooding work in South Beach Miami Beach police investigating two officers photographed sleeping on the job They asked him for directions. He says his help cost him $160,000 in jewelry Students came to South Beach to party. Then they cleaned up after themselves. They took a bank for $10 million. Weapon of choice: luxury homes. Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Personal Finance A Six-Figure Income May Not Shield You From a Shock Monthly income and spending bounce around more than many people realize—or prepare for. by Suzanne Woolley @WealthWatch More stories by Suzanne Woolley March 20, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT Is Your 401(k) Safe During Volatile Markets? Here's a question, as Congress thrashes out the health-care bill: How well prepared are you for a sudden spike in expenses from a medical emergency? Or, for that matter, for a lost job or surprise tax bill? When your cash flow is strong, it's easy to skate along without paying much attention to how your monthly income and spending bounce around. As long as the checking account looks good, you're good—until you're not, because an unexpected expense or drop in income, perhaps at the same time, makes what seemed a perfectly fine cash cushion look alarmingly thin.  It happens to all of us, even those making six-figure incomes, according to a new report from the JPMorgan Chase Institute, a think tank the bank launched in 2015 to do deep-dive economic analysis drawing on its proprietary customer transaction database.  The database shows about a 30 percent median fluctuation in levels of both family income and spending from month to month across income brackets. That determined the amount of cash a household would need to weather typical swings in income and spending. The greatest amount turned out to be a $5,300 monthly variation, for households of people between the ages of 35 and 54 with household income above $104,600. The $5,300 is the cash that household would need to have on hand if its income declined by 30 percent and its spending increased by 30 percent in the same month. Most of the volatility in take-home pay (86 percent) is tied to fluctuation in paycheck amounts and how many paychecks come in a month—anyone paid weekly or biweekly on Fridays gets an extra paycheck in some months of the year. The other 14 percent is tied to job loss. Health care, auto expenses, and taxes were often behind the spikes the analysts found in spending data. The report notes that "four in 10 families make an extraordinary payment of roughly $1,500 related to medical services, auto repair, or taxes in a given year." The money for that may come from tax refunds: The think tank found that April is when medical bills were paid most frequently. To judge whether the various households had the liquid assets to cover their fluctuations, the think tank used data from the U.S. census (which don't match up perfectly with its own age and income ranges). One conclusion: The $5,300 wouldn't be a big issue for the households with income above $104,600. The institute also measured for an even worse storm, to see if households had liquid assets to meet the challenges posed by the 90 percentile of  "adverse income and spending fluctuations" measured. The high-earning households could meet that demand, too, but they'd be covering that extreme exposure by a thin margin. The cash cushion needed was $13,800; the liquid assets on hand, $13,500. That $13,800 is what a relatively well-heeled Chase client would need if he or she got hit with a double whammy in one month, with income going down as expenses rise. The institute measured that after finding that within a given month, there was very little correlation between income and spending. So the chances of income going down while spending went up became part of the "stress test" the institute ran on household finances. "A big gap exists between the volatility almost all Americans are exposed to across four of five income quintiles in our database and the liquid financial buffer they have," said Diana Farrell, the institute's president.  Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up The picture isn't as grim for everyday volatility, but many consumers barely have enough to make it through those less-severe swings in their finances. In a test of the higher end of volatility that the think tank sees in Chase's consumer database, the median household had to come up with $4,800 but had only $3,000 in liquid assets. At the more typical level of volatility, a household of people between 45 and 54 needed $3,200.  Paying big medical bills had a lasting impact on financial stability. Many families have to turn to credit card debt to cover big medical payments. "A year after the extraordinary medical payment families still have 9 percent more revolving credit card debt and 2 percent lower cash reserves than baseline levels," according to the report. That shows how intertwined physical health can be with financial health and the stark trade-offs many American families face today. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next You Can’t Retire on the Trump Bump A Japanese Fix for American Savings: 1.25 Percent Interest How Behavioral Economics Can Help You Retire Rich Test Your Tax IQ With This Pop Quiz Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Receives GBX 3,413.61 Consensus PT from Analysts March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) have earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the twenty-one analysts that are currently covering the firm. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is GBX 3,424.17 ($41.87). Several equities research analysts have weighed in on RIO shares. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 3,700 ($45.24) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a report on Sunday, November 20th. Societe Generale set a GBX 2,900 ($35.46) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, November 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 3,200 ($39.12) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,300 ($40.35) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a report on Friday, November 25th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc from GBX 3,500 ($42.79) to GBX 3,700 ($45.24) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, November 25th. Your IP Address: Shares of Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) opened at 3439.50 on Wednesday. Rio Tinto plc has a one year low of GBX 1,845.00 and a one year high of GBX 3,718.50. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 3,441.55 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 3,019.93. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 61.88 billion. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 6th. Investors of record on Thursday, February 23rd will be given a GBX 100.56 ($1.23) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a yield of 2.98%. This is an increase from Rio Tinto plc’s previous dividend of $33.80. In related news, insider Jean-Sébastien Jacques sold 3,325 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,618 ($44.24), for a total value of £120,298.50 ($147,082.16). About Rio Tinto plc Rio Tinto plc is a mining company. The Company focuses on finding, mining, processing and marketing the Earth’s mineral resources. The Company’s segments include aluminum, copper and coal, diamonds and minerals, and iron ore. The Company’s aluminum business includes bauxite mines, alumina refineries and aluminum smelters. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Voya Financial Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Voya Financial Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Voya Financial Inc (NYSE:VOYA)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in a report issued on Thursday. They currently have a $51.00 target price on the stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods’ target price suggests a potential upside of 27.69% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research firms have also weighed in on VOYA. Citigroup Inc reissued a “focus list” rating on shares of Voya Financial in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Barclays PLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $41.00 target price on shares of Voya Financial in a report on Sunday, February 19th. Wells Fargo & Co raised shares of Voya Financial from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Voya Financial from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $38.00 to $39.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their target price on shares of Voya Financial from $45.00 to $48.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $42.55. Voya Financial (NYSE:VOYA) opened at 39.94 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is $7.57 billion. Voya Financial has a 12 month low of $22.75 and a 12 month high of $42.96. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $41.17 and its 200-day moving average is $36.27. Voya Financial (NYSE:VOYA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.91 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.79 by $0.12. Voya Financial had a negative net margin of 4.20% and a positive return on equity of 3.39%. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.91 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Voya Financial will post $3.61 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 28th will be given a $0.01 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 24th. This represents a $0.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.10%. Voya Financial’s dividend payout ratio is presently -1.77%. Your IP Address: In related news, insider Alain M. Karaoglan sold 9,246 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.11, for a total value of $380,103.06. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 55,749 shares in the company, valued at $2,291,841.39. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Kevin D. Silva sold 5,798 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.93, for a total value of $237,312.14. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 14,681 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $600,893.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 35,661 shares of company stock valued at $1,471,960. 0.17% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Group LTD increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 1.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 1,463,727 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,184,000 after buying an additional 25,222 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 14.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 7,544,347 shares of the company’s stock worth $217,427,000 after buying an additional 964,646 shares in the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 1.3% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 647,307 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,655,000 after buying an additional 8,070 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 67.2% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 497,250 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,331,000 after buying an additional 199,847 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 4.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,150,323 shares of the company’s stock worth $61,972,000 after buying an additional 100,480 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 98.37% of the company’s stock. About Voya Financial Voya Financial, Inc is a retirement, investment and insurance company. The Company operates through five segments: Retirement, Investment Management, Annuities, Individual Life and Employee Benefits. The Retirement segment is a provider of retirement services and products in the United States. The Investment Management segment offers domestic and international fixed income, equity, multi-asset and alternatives products and solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Voya Financial Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Voya Financial Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance STMicroelectronics NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for STMicroelectronics NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CEO Marcus Ryu Sells 8,294 Shares of Stock Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” STMicroelectronics NV (STM) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE:STM)‘s stock had its “sector perform” rating reissued by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a research note issued on Thursday. Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on STM. Morgan Stanley cut STMicroelectronics NV from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded STMicroelectronics NV from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Barclays PLC upgraded STMicroelectronics NV from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded STMicroelectronics NV from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded STMicroelectronics NV from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $13.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $13.00. Shares of STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE:STM) opened at 15.62 on Thursday. STMicroelectronics NV has a 12-month low of $5.11 and a 12-month high of $15.74. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $14.70 and a 200 day moving average price of $10.76. The company has a market capitalization of $13.80 billion, a P/E ratio of 83.53 and a beta of 0.88. STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE:STM) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.13 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.13. The company earned $1.86 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.85 billion. STMicroelectronics NV had a return on equity of 5.37% and a net margin of 2.37%. STMicroelectronics NV’s revenue was up 11.5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that STMicroelectronics NV will post $0.66 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, March 28th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, March 21st will be issued a dividend of $0.06 per share. This represents a $0.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.54%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, March 17th. STMicroelectronics NV’s dividend payout ratio is presently 105.27%. Your IP Address: Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in STMicroelectronics NV by 51.4% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 4,749,798 shares of the company’s stock worth $38,710,000 after buying an additional 1,613,515 shares in the last quarter. Bogle Investment Management L P DE boosted its position in STMicroelectronics NV by 6,679.2% in the fourth quarter. Bogle Investment Management L P DE now owns 1,165,201 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,225,000 after buying an additional 1,148,013 shares in the last quarter. Granite Point Capital Management L.P. acquired a new position in STMicroelectronics NV during the third quarter worth $2,236,000. Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in STMicroelectronics NV by 9.3% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 227,472 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,854,000 after buying an additional 19,418 shares in the last quarter. Finally, US Bancorp DE boosted its position in STMicroelectronics NV by 12,882.7% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 181,239 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,477,000 after buying an additional 179,843 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.07% of the company’s stock. About STMicroelectronics NV Receive News & Ratings for STMicroelectronics NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for STMicroelectronics NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow @triplepundit 47.5k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium Media Kit 7 Trends That Will Drive Corporate Sustainability in 2017 by 3p Contributor on Monday, Mar 20th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Amy Augustine As we confront a new political climate that is inspiring both uncertainty and rising citizen action, I am more convinced than ever that business must play a critical role in achieving a sustainable, equitable and clean-energy future. Bold leadership, as well as individual and collective action from influential companies and investors, is critical to ensure continued progress in achieving the ambitions of the historic Paris Climate Agreement and the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals. Fortunately, companies we engage with here at Ceres continue to demonstrate that sustainability is not just good for the bottom line; it is the bottom line. Despite backward steps in Washington, there is unprecedented clarity in the business community – especially from the Fortune 100s – that building a healthy, low-carbon economy is irresistible and irreversible. Examples of this are popping up everywhere, although still not at the pace and scale we need. These seven key corporate trends are ready for primetime and will be critically important in advancing our sustainability goals, no matter the political winds in Washington. 1. Corporate support for clean-energy policy is accelerating Corporate energy buyers want renewable energy – and not just to help them meet their own greenhouse gas reduction goals. Renewable energy prices are increasingly cost-competitive in many parts of the country, and they remove the long-term risks associated with fossil fuel energy price volatility. More than 900 companies and investors are calling on President Trump and Congress to keep the U.S. in the Paris Climate Agreement and to support low-carbon policies in the U.S. And nearly 100 global companies have signed on to to the RE100 initiative, a commitment to source all of their energy from renewables. Lacking a national carbon mitigation strategy, states and cities will continue to be the platforms on which we’ll see meaningful clean-energy progress. In Michigan, Ohio and Virginia, among other states, companies are helping to shape policies that strengthen and increase access to renewable energy, leading to more clean-energy investment and jobs in those states. Stay tuned for our upcoming Power Forward report this spring documenting these trends among Fortune 500 companies. 2. More investors expect companies to disclose climate-related risks and opportunities The Task Force on Climate-Related Disclosures (TCFD) – whose leadership includes Ceres member companies such as Bloomberg LP and JPMorgan Chase – recently published a specific guidance on how companies should evaluate and disclose climate risks in financial filings. Investors and global stock exchanges are taking notice, especially in regard to how carbon-intensive companies are analyzing business impacts under scenarios where carbon pollution is reduced at levels that would limit global warming to 2-degrees Celsius or less – the goal of the Paris Climate Agreement. More than ever, investors are aiming these questions at energy-intensive companies like ExxonMobil and Chevron, which are already struggling financially as global oil demand is waning. 3. Companies are advancing human rights reporting and performance Companies are facing unprecedented scrutiny on their human rights performance and reporting. In 2015, the nonprofit group Shift that helps organizations to implement the U.N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), developed the UNGP reporting framework, which companies such as Ericsson, Nestle, and Unilever are already utilizing to strengthen human rights reporting and performance. Ceres is now collaborating with Shift to advance corporate adoption and implementation of the framework to drive improved human rights performance across direct operations and global supply chains. 4. Water risks are rising on the investor agenda Water crises such as prolonged droughts and extreme precipitation events – been in California, lately? – were again among the top five global impact risks in an annual report from the World Economic Forum. Increasingly, companies operating in water-stressed regions are proactively taking action to conserve and protect water sources. General Mills, Gap and PepsiCo, are among a growing cadre of companies engaging with California policymakers on the urgency for stronger water management policies in this water-starved state. 5. Competence on sustainability is becoming a measure of board effectiveness Corporate boards have a key authority and responsibility to boost corporate attention on long-term sustainability risks like climate change. Large investors are increasingly focused on the role board members can play on sustainability. U.S. pension funds CalPERS and CalSTRS, for example, both recently updated their governance principles to explicitly request that company boards have stronger experience and expertise on climate risk management. In the coming months, investors and other stakeholders will be looking to engage with key governance experts within companies on this topic, including corporate secretaries and general counsel. 6. SDGs will be a bigger driver of strategy and action In 2015, more than 190 world leaders committed to 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) aimed at ending extreme poverty, eliminating longstanding inequalities and fighting climate change. Worldwide momentum behind these internationally supported goals continues to gain strength, and at the upcoming Ceres Conference we will hear from Novozymes, BASF and Intel about how they are aligning their commitments and business strategies with this global vision. 7. Sustainable sourcing is becoming the new norm Access to reliable, affordable supplies of key inputs is threatened by climate change, water scarcity risks, and the use of unethical practices like deforestation and forced labor. Agricultural supply chains are feeling some of the biggest pressures, leading to stronger action by investors and companies themselves to push for strategies to assess and manage these risks. This spring, Ceres will release an interactive tool called Engage the Chain to help investors and companies better understand wide-ranging agricultural commodity risks. No doubt, company actions on all of these fronts will continue to evolve – and, hopefully, accelerate. Such leadership is more essential than ever. Image credit: Pexels Amy Augustine is the senior director of the corporate program at Ceres, a nonprofit sustainability organization mobilizing the world’s largest investors and companies to take stronger action on climate change, water scarcity and other global sustainability challenges. Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6452 articles in this category: Timberland and Thread Partner to Drive Social Impact in Haiti Trump’s Science Budget Slash Will Impact Business, Too Kraft Heinz Releases New Palm Oil Policy, But Some NGOs Are Skeptical TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 23 March 2017. 6pm 06 April 2017. 6pm 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - UK markets finished in positive territory on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index closing at a record high for a second consecutive session Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:17 20 Mar 2017 ., Mon UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished in positive territory on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index closing at a record high for a second consecutive session. Panmure Gordon & Co. rallied 64.7%, after Bob Diamond’s Ellsworthy Ltd. and a Qatari investment group, QInvest, acquired the company for £15.5 million in cash. Berkeley Group Holdings jumped 6.1%, after the housebuilder stated that its full year pre-tax profits would come out at the top end of analysts’ expectations. Peer, Barratt Developments added 1.6%. Bucking the trend, Tullow Oil plunged 14.8%, after the company announced that it would raise £607.0 million through a rights issue at a deeply discounted price in order to reduce its debt. Hochschild Mining plummeted 8.1%, after its Chairman, Eduardo Hochschild, sold his stocks worth up to £42.0 million in the company. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.1%, to close at 7,425.0, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.4%, to settle at 19,094.9. US Market Snapshot US markets closed mostly lower on Friday, weighed down by losses in financial sector stocks. Franklin Resources and Invesco dropped 3.9% and 4.4%, respectively. Banking giants, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs Group declined 1.1%, 1.4% and 1.7%, respectively. Amgen tumbled 6.4%, after the company stated that its new cholesterol-lowering drug significantly failed to reduce mortality. On the flipside, 3M, Wynn Resorts and Cintas added 1.1%, 3.8% and 4.7%, respectively. Adobe Systems advanced 3.8%, after the company posted better than expected results for the first quarter. Tiffany climbed 2.7%, after the retailer reported upbeat profit for the fourth quarter and offered a robust outlook for 2017. The S&P 500 slipped 0.1%, to settle at 2,378.3. The DJIA shed 0.1%, to settle at 20,914.6, while the NASDAQ marginally gained, to close at 5,901.0. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets ended in the green on Friday, as banks rallied after the European Central Bank (ECB) policymaker, Ewald Nowotny, rekindled talk of a possible rate hike. E.ON advanced 4.8%, after the company raised €1.35 billion through the issuance of 200.0 million new shares as a part of a capital increase. Galenica climbed 1.9%, after Martin Ebner boosted his stake in the company to over 20.0%. Novartis and Roche Holding added 0.4% and 0.6%, respectively. On the contrary, Airbus dropped 0.5%, after the French authorities begun a preliminary probe into alleged fraud at the civil aviation business of Airbus Group relating to irregularities concerning third party consultants. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 0.2%, to close at 1,491.9. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 0.1%, to close at 12,095.2, while the French CAC-40 advanced 0.3%, to settle at 5,029.2. Asia Market Snapshot Asian markets are trading mixed this morning. In Japan, markets are closed today for the Vernal Equinox Day. In Hong Kong, China Shenhua Energy has surged 15.9%, after the coal miner reported its first annual profit growth in almost four years. Oil giant, China Petroleum & Chemical has added 0.5%, while peers, CNOOC and Sinopec Oilfield Service have fallen 1.0% and 1.3%, respectively. In South Korea, index majors, Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics have declined 0.8% and 2.3%, respectively. However, SK Hynix and POSCO have advanced 0.5% and 1.5%, respectively. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.6% up at 24,447.9, while the Kospi index is trading 0.5% lower at 2,153.4. On Friday, the Nikkei 225 index fell 0.3%, to close at 19,521.6. Key Corporate Announcements Today Interim Dividend Payment Date AstraZeneca Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date Total SA Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Aluminium Bahrain B.S.C. GDR (Reg S), Blue Prism Group, Centamin (DI), Electronic Data Processing, Wynnstay, Bruner Investment Trust Interim Dividend Payment Date Rank Group Key Economic News UK Rightmove house price index climbed in March On an annual basis, the Rightmove house price index in the UK climbed 2.30% in March. The Rightmove house price index had registered a similar rise in the previous month. UK Rightmove house price index advanced in March On a monthly basis, the Rightmove house price index rose 1.30% in March, in the UK. The Rightmove house price index had climbed 2.00% in the previous month. Euro-zone construction output dropped in January In January, on a monthly basis, the seasonally adjusted construction output fell 2.30% in the Euro-zone. In the previous month, construction output had registered a revised drop of 0.60%. Euro-zone trade surplus narrowed in January The Euro-zone has posted the seasonally adjusted trade surplus of €15.70 billion in January, compared to a trade surplus of €23.10 billion in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the region to post a trade surplus of €22.00 billion. Euro-zone recorded trade deficit in January The non-seasonally adjusted trade deficit in the Euro-zone recorded a reading of €0.60 billion in January. The Euro-zone had posted a trade surplus of €28.10 billion in the previous month. Italian trade surplus rose in January In January, (EU countries) trade surplus in Italy widened to €0.32 billion. Italy had registered a revised trade surplus of €0.06 billion in the previous month. Italy posted trade deficit in January In January, (non-EU countries) trade deficit in Italy recorded a reading of €0.89 billion. Italy had posted a trade surplus of €5.67 billion in the previous month. US leading indicator advanced more than expected in February On a MoM basis, leading indicator rose 0.60% in February, in the US, compared to a similar rise in the previous month. Market anticipation was for leading indicator to rise 0.50%. US industrial production remained flat in February In February, industrial production remained steady on a monthly basis in the US, less than market expectations for an advance of 0.20%. Industrial production had dropped by a revised 0.10% in the previous month. US capacity utilisation unexpectedly dropped in February Compared to a revised level of 75.50% in the prior month capacity utilisation eased unexpectedly to a level of 75.40% in the US, in February. Market anticipation was for capacity utilisation to record a flat reading. US Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index rose in March The flash Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index advanced to 97.60 in March, in the US, higher than market expectations of a rise to 97.00. In the prior month, the Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index had recorded a reading of 96.30. US manufacturing production rose as expected in February In the US, manufacturing production registered a rise of 0.50% on a monthly basis in February, meeting market expectations. In the prior month, manufacturing production had registered a revised similar rise. Canadian manufacturing shipments surprisingly advanced in January On a MoM basis in January, manufacturing shipments registered an unexpected rise of 0.60% in Canada, more than market expectations for a drop of 0.30%. In the previous month, manufacturing shipments had climbed by a revised 2.10%. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Legal & General Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Receives Outperform Rating from BNP Paribas Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at BNP Paribas in a research report issued on Monday. They currently have a GBX 270 ($3.30) target price on the financial services provider’s stock. BNP Paribas’ price target indicates a potential upside of 8.04% from the company’s previous close. LGEN has been the topic of a number of other reports. Barclays PLC raised their target price on shares of Legal & General Group Plc from GBX 276 ($3.37) to GBX 282 ($3.45) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 275 ($3.36) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 212 ($2.59) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Monday, November 28th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.67) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 197 ($2.41) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. Legal & General Group Plc has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 248.43 ($3.04). Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN) opened at 250.20 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 245.21 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 232.38. Legal & General Group Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 160.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 257.10. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 14.84 billion. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 8th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be paid a dividend of GBX 10.35 ($0.13) per share. This is an increase from Legal & General Group Plc’s previous dividend of $4.00. This represents a dividend yield of 4.16%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. Your IP Address: In other news, insider Nigel Wilson sold 90,536 shares of Legal & General Group Plc stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 246 ($3.01), for a total transaction of £222,718.56 ($272,305.37). Also, insider Richard H. Meddings acquired 1,103 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 249 ($3.04) per share, with a total value of £2,746.47 ($3,357.95). Insiders have bought 11,777 shares of company stock valued at $2,951,238 over the last quarter. About Legal & General Group Plc Receive News & Ratings for Legal & General Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Next » BNP Paribas Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Spire Healthcare Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spire Healthcare Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Spire Healthcare Group PLC’s (SPI) Equal weight Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Spire Healthcare Group PLC (LON:SPI)‘s stock had its “equal weight” rating reiterated by stock analysts at Morgan Stanley in a report released on Monday. They currently have a GBX 350 ($4.28) price objective on the stock. Morgan Stanley’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 5.71% from the company’s current price. SPI has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 360 ($4.40) price target on shares of Spire Healthcare Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their price target on Spire Healthcare Group PLC from GBX 433 ($5.29) to GBX 376 ($4.60) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Liberum Capital reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 400 ($4.89) price target on shares of Spire Healthcare Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Berenberg Bank reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 360 ($4.40) price target on shares of Spire Healthcare Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC dropped their price target on Spire Healthcare Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.10) to GBX 305 ($3.73) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 356.80 ($4.36). Shares of Spire Healthcare Group PLC (LON:SPI) opened at 335.20 on Monday. Spire Healthcare Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 295.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 411.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 1.34 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 326.21 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 350.96. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 27th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be given a dividend of GBX 2.50 ($0.03) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 1st. This is a positive change from Spire Healthcare Group PLC’s previous dividend of $1.30. This represents a yield of 0.75%. Your IP Address: About Spire Healthcare Group PLC Spire Healthcare Group plc is a United Kingdom-based independent hospital group. The Company provides in-patient, daycase and out-patient care from approximately 40 hospitals, 10 clinics and over two specialist care centers across the United Kingdom. The Company also owns and operates a sports medicine, physiotherapy and rehabilitation brand, Perform, and a screening service, Lifescan, as well as national pathology services. Receive News & Ratings for Spire Healthcare Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spire Healthcare Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous BNP Paribas Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Next » David Malpass Sells 66,411 Shares of New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Visa Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Visa Inc (V) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Posted by William Strong on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Visa Inc (NYSE:V) has been given an average rating of “Buy” by the thirty-two brokerages that are presently covering the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation, thirty have assigned a buy recommendation and one has given a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $94.09. V has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $104.00 price target on shares of Visa in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Vetr cut shares of Visa from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $83.18 target price for the company. in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $93.00 target price on shares of Visa in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Visa from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Guggenheim upgraded shares of Visa from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $66.12 to $89.00 in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Your IP Address: In related news, SVP James H. Hoffmeister sold 11,139 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.95, for a total transaction of $957,397.05. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 6,390 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $549,220.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP William M. Sheedy sold 125,372 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.74, for a total value of $10,749,395.28. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 365,769 shares in the company, valued at approximately $31,361,034.06. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.14% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in V. State Street Corp increased its position in Visa by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 82,748,981 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $6,456,063,000 after buying an additional 2,111,820 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Visa by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 51,126,744 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $4,228,182,000 after buying an additional 239,481 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 27,427,533 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,268,257,000 after buying an additional 967,565 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank purchased a new position in Visa during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,335,803,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.14% of the company’s stock. Visa (NYSE:V) opened at 90.24 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $87.29 and a 200 day moving average of $82.61. Visa has a 12-month low of $72.77 and a 12-month high of $90.63. The firm has a market cap of $209.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.98 and a beta of 1.00. Visa (NYSE:V) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.08. Visa had a net margin of 38.30% and a return on equity of 26.48%. The company had revenue of $4.46 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.29 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.69 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 25.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Visa will post $3.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, March 7th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 17th were issued a $0.165 dividend. This represents a $0.66 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.73%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, February 15th. Visa’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 26.09%. About Visa Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Opko Health Inc. (OPK) Insider Sells $911,708.25 in Stock Next » Faroe Petroleum plc (FPM) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canadian Metals Inc Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share (CME) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Jamba, Inc. Issued By Wedbush (JMBA) Richard P. Teets, Jr. Sells 140,295 Shares of Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Stock Eugene F. Reilly Sells 70,000 Shares of Prologis Inc (PLD) Stock Chromadex Corp (CDXC) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Stock Rating Upgraded by Wells Fargo & Co Impala Platinum Holdings Limited (IMPUY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sinclair Pharma PLC (SPH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Enquest Plc (ENQ) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €83.00 Price Target Richard A. Gottscho Sells 80,009 Shares of Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Stock Insider Selling: Medtronic plc. (MDT) CEO Sells $7,867,900.00 in Stock Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Leerink Swann Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Receives C$76.50 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) PT at $33.92 GoPro Inc (GPRO) Given New $6.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for AMAG Pharmaceuticals (AMAG) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet AMAG Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: AMAG) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 3/18/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $40.00 price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals had its price target raised by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald from $24.00 to $25.00. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/28/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. 2/27/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $24.00 price target on by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/15/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $40.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $45.00. 2/14/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $24.00 price target on by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/3/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was downgraded by analysts at Cowen and Company from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating. 2/2/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals had its price target lowered by analysts at Guggenheim from $42.00 to $28.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/2/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $25.00 price target on by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 1/31/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $24.00 price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 1/20/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $25.00 price target on by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. They wrote, “Rekindling desire with Rekynda. On January 9, AMAG announced that it obtained a North American licensing from Palatin Technologies (PTN, not covered) for Rekynda to treat hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD) in pre- menopausal women. Safety and efficacy were established in two Phase 3 clinical trials and AMAG expects to file an NDA in early 2018. HSDD market is large and lacking in effective treatments. AMAG believes the U.S. population of patients with HSDD is 15 million, 5.8 million of which are pre-menopausal. An estimated 800,000 women are being treated for HSDD and 2.2 million are diagnosed but not treated.”” AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG) opened at 23.50 on Monday. AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has a one year low of $17.92 and a one year high of $36.83. The company’s market capitalization is $806.97 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $23.28 and a 200 day moving average of $26.79. AMAG Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AMAG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 14th. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($0.31) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.85 by $2.16. AMAG Pharmaceuticals had a net margin of 3.12% and a return on equity of 11.10%. The company had revenue of $151.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $155.12 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.12 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 39.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. will post $6.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company’s segment is the manufacture, development and commercialization of products and services for use in treating various conditions, with a focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care. Its offerings focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care, including its product, Makena (hydroxyprogesterone caproate injection); services related to the collection, processing and storage of umbilical cord blood stem cell and cord tissue units operated through Cord Blood Registry (CBR); its product, Feraheme (ferumoxytol), for intravenous (IV) use, and MuGard Mucoadhesive Oral Wound Rinse. Receive News & Ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Adobe, Barclays, Dean Foods, Netflix, Simon Property, Snap, Vertex and More By Jon C. Ogg March 17, 2017 8:55 am EDT Print Email Tweet Stocks were indicated higher yet again on Friday, even knowing that many market participants are going to sneak out at lunch for St. Patrick’s Day revelry. The Dow is still back to challenging 21,000 again, and the bull market is now more than eight years old. Investors have bought up stocks on every single pullback. Those same investors also are looking for new trading and investing ideas. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while others cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Some color has been added on many of the following calls, and the consensus analyst price targets referenced are from Thomson Reuters. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Friday, March 17, 2017: Adobe Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: ADBE) was raised to Buy from Hold and the price target was raised to $145 from $115 (versus a $122.37 prior close) at Wunderlich. Adobe has a 52-week trading range of $90.35 to $123.55, but shares were indicated up at a new high of $128.50 on Friday after solid earnings. Barclays PLC (NYSE: BCS) was raised to Overweight from Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley. Its American depositary shares closed up 2.6% at $11.36 on Thursday and were indicated up 1.2% at $11.50 on Friday. The 52-week range is $6.76 to $12.05. Dean Foods Co. (NYSE: DF) was raised to Overweight from Neutral with a $22 price target (versus an $18.75 close) at JPMorgan. Dean Foods has a 52-week range of $15.69 to $22.31 and a consensus analyst price target of $20.17. Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) was started as Outperform and assigned a $178 price target (versus a $144.39 close) at Bernstein. Netflix has a 52-week range of $84.50 to $146.50 and a consensus price target of $150.34. Simon Property Group Inc. (NYSE: SPG) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy and the price target was cut to $185 from $207 at Goldman Sachs. Simon Property has a 52-week range of $167.59 to $229.10 and a consensus price target of $208.74. Snap Inc. (NYSE: SNAP) was started as Neutral with a $20 price target at Mizuho. Its post-IPO range is $19.75 to $29.44, and it was a $17 price at the official IPO allocation. Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: VRTX) was raised to Outperform from Market Perform at JMP Securities. Vertex has a 52-week range of $71.46 to $103.73 and consensus analyst target of $99.70. Other key analyst calls from this Friday were in the following companies: Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (NASDAQ: ADAP) was started with a Market Perform at Wells Fargo. Aqua America Inc. (NYSE: WTR) was raised to Overweight from Equal Weight and the price target was raised to $36 from $33 (versus a $31.19 close) at Barclays. Chicago Bridge & Iron Co. N.V. (NYSE: CBI) was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus. Cypress Energy Partners L.P. (NYSE: CELP) was downgraded to Hold from Buy with a $9.50 price target (versus an $8.78 close) at Stifel. Hilton Inc. (NYSE: HLT) was started with an Overweight rating and assigned a $66 price target (versus a $58.21 close) at JPMorgan. Himax Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: HIMX) was raised to Buy from Neutral at Roth Capital. Patheon N.V. (NYSE: PTHN) was downgraded to Neutral from Outperform and the price target was cut to $28 from $34 (versus a $27.72 close, after an 11.7% drop) at Robert W. Baird. Patheon also was downgraded to Sector Weight from Overweight at KeyBanc Capital Markets. SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. (NYSE: SEAS) was downgraded to Sell from Neutral and the price target was cut to $15 from $19 (versus an $18.88 close) at Citigroup. Texas Roadhouse Inc. (NASDAQ: TXRH) was raised to Buy from Neutral at BTIG Research. USG Corp. (NYSE: USG) was reiterated as Hold but the price target was raised to $35 from $29 (versus a $34.23 close) at Jefferies. Thursday’s top analyst upgrades and downgrades included Biogen, Goldcorp, GoPro, Oracle, Sirius XM, Tyson Foods, Ciena and many more. Follow @Jonogg on Twitter to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your feed. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Why Tiffany Is Picking Up Going Into Its New Fiscal Year Apple Supports 4.8 Million Jobs in China, More Than Double US Total » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Adobe Systems (NASDAQ:ADBE), Chicago Bridge & Iron (NYSE:CBI), Dean Foods Company (NYSE:DF), Himax Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:HIMX), HLT, Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), SEAS, Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG), Texas Roadhouse, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXRH), USG (NYSE:USG), Vertex Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VRTX), Aqua America, Inc. (NYSE:WTR) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Baidu and Tencent Just Invested in this Electric Vehicle Maker Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Telecom plus PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Telecom plus PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Telecom plus PLC (TEP) Given “Buy” Rating at Peel Hunt Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Telecom plus PLC (LON:TEP)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by equities research analysts at Peel Hunt in a research note issued on Monday. They currently have a GBX 1,300 ($15.89) target price on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 8.51% from the company’s previous close. Several other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on shares of Telecom plus PLC from GBX 1,260 ($15.41) to GBX 1,290 ($15.77) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 1,000 ($12.23) price objective on shares of Telecom plus PLC in a report on Thursday, February 9th. FinnCap reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,230 ($15.04) price objective on shares of Telecom plus PLC in a report on Monday, November 21st. Finally, Macquarie raised their price objective on shares of Telecom plus PLC from GBX 1,300 ($15.89) to GBX 1,325 ($16.20) and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Telecom plus PLC has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 1,199.17 ($14.66). Telecom plus PLC (LON:TEP) opened at 1200.00 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,204.30 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,175.70. Telecom plus PLC has a one year low of GBX 799.89 and a one year high of GBX 1,265.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 960.29 million. Your IP Address: Telecom plus PLC Company Profile Telecom Plus PLC is engaged in providing landline telephony (calls and line rental), broadband, mobile, gas, electricity and CashBack card services. The Company’s segments include Customer Acquisition and Customer Management. The Customer Acquisition segment includes the sale of marketing materials, and sale of equipment, such as mobile phone handsets and wireless Internet routers. Receive News & Ratings for Telecom plus PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Telecom plus PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Valeura Energy Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (VLE) Next » Savannah Petroleum PLC’s (SAVP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Berkeley Group Holdings PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Beaufort Securities March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by investment analysts at Beaufort Securities in a report issued on Monday. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 3,559 ($43.51) to GBX 3,571 ($43.66) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday. Shore Capital reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Friday. Peel Hunt reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 4,370 ($53.43) price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Friday. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,844 ($47.00) price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Friday. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 3,232.82 ($39.53). Shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG) opened at 3151.00 on Monday. Berkeley Group Holdings PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 2,015.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 3,390.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 4.34 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 2,913.95 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 2,703.44. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 24th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be paid a GBX 85.24 ($1.04) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a dividend yield of 2.96%. Your IP Address: Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Company Profile The Berkeley Group Holdings plc is a holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in residential-led, mixed-use property development. Its segments include Residential-led mixed-use development and Other activities. Its brands include Berkeley, which creates medium to large-scale developments in towns, cities and the countryside, encompassing executive homes, mixed use schemes, riverside apartments, refurbished historic buildings and urban loft spaces; St George, which is involved in mixed use sustainable regeneration in London; St James, which handles projects that embrace private residential development, commercial property, recreational and community facilities; St Edward, which offers residentially led developments, and St William. Receive News & Ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Vodafone Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Vodafone Group plc (VOD) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Vodafone Group plc (LON:VOD)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Deutsche Bank AG in a report issued on Monday. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 280 ($3.42) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Monday, February 6th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.75) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Friday, January 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.18) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Macquarie restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 180 ($2.20) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Berenberg Bank restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 250 ($3.06) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Monday, January 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, ten have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Vodafone Group plc currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 232.18 ($2.84). Shares of Vodafone Group plc (LON:VOD) opened at 211.40 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 199.62 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 209.07. Vodafone Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 186.50 and a 52 week high of GBX 240.10. The firm’s market cap is GBX 59.01 billion. Your IP Address: In other Vodafone Group plc news, insider Ronald Schellekens sold 400,000 shares of Vodafone Group plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 201 ($2.46), for a total transaction of £804,000 ($983,005.26). Also, insider David Thomas Nish acquired 2,910 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 205 ($2.51) per share, for a total transaction of £5,965.50 ($7,293.68). Insiders have acquired 3,152 shares of company stock worth $646,366 over the last ninety days. About Vodafone Group plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) PT Lowered to C$62.00 Next » Standard Life Plc (SL) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Macquarie Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HSBC Holdings plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) a GBX 740 Price Target March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 740 ($9.05) target price on HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) in a report published on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 600 ($7.34) target price on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 579 ($7.08) target price on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 745 ($9.11) target price on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Natixis reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 672 ($8.22) target price (up previously from GBX 478 ($5.84)) on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Finally, Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 600 ($7.34) target price on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a research note on Friday, November 25th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 608.30 ($7.44). HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) opened at 661.771179 on Tuesday. HSBC Holdings plc has a 52-week low of GBX 392.37 and a 52-week high of GBX 715.20. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 676.20 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 638.13. The firm’s market cap is GBX 129.13 billion. Your IP Address: The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd will be issued a GBX 0.21 ($0.00) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.53%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 23rd. This is a positive change from HSBC Holdings plc’s previous dividend of $0.10. In other news, insider Marc Moses sold 221,164 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 673 ($8.23), for a total value of £1,488,433.72 ($1,819,823.60). Also, insider Lord Evans bought 1,483 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 674 ($8.24) per share, for a total transaction of £9,995.42 ($12,220.83). In the last 90 days, insiders bought 1,528 shares of company stock worth $1,029,632 and sold 482,557 shares worth $320,415,478. HSBC Holdings plc Company Profile HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) is the banking and financial services company. The Company manages its products and services through four businesses: Retail Banking and Wealth Management (RBWM), Commercial Banking (CMB), Global Banking and Markets (GB&M), and Global Private Banking (GPB). It operates across various geographical regions, which include Europe, Asia, Middle East and North Africa, North America and Latin America. Receive News & Ratings for HSBC Holdings plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Close Brothers Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) Major Shareholder Mark J. Levin Sells 30,000 Shares Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) SVP Jeffrey D. Ansell Sells 7,674 Shares CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Insider Venkatesh S. Durvasula Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Bank of Montreal (BMO) Insider Gilles Gerard Ouellette Sells 38,412 Shares of Stock Incyte Co. (INCY) Director Paul A. Friedman Sells 50,000 Shares of Stock The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) President David L. Felsenthal Sells 32,000 Shares Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Major Shareholder Jill Foss Watson Sells 20,878 Shares of Stock NCR Co. (NCR) Major Shareholder Holdings L.P. Blackstone III Sells 3,002,753 Shares of Stock Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Director Frank R. Martire Sells 305,500 Shares of Stock International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Major Shareholder Winder Investment Pte Ltd Buys 100,000 Shares of Stock Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) CEO Mary Dillon Sells 33,955 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Williams Capital Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Mizuho Carnival Corp (CCL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Greif, Inc. (GEF) Price Target Increased to $53.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Receives Outperform Rating from JMP Securities Toro Co (TTC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Given New C$20.00 Price Target at CIBC Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital restated their hold rating on shares of Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. They currently have a GBX 1,400 ($17.12) price objective on the stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price target on Close Brothers Group plc from GBX 1,575 ($19.26) to GBX 1,650 ($20.17) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a report on Friday, November 18th. Peel Hunt reiterated an add rating and issued a GBX 1,600 ($19.56) price target on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Friday, January 20th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated an add rating and issued a GBX 1,629 ($19.92) price target on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC downgraded Close Brothers Group plc to an equal weight rating and reduced their price target for the stock from GBX 1,500 ($18.34) to GBX 1,430 ($17.48) in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a hold rating on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Friday, January 6th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,539.56 ($18.82). Shares of Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) opened at 1580.00 on Tuesday. Close Brothers Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 975.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,593.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.35 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,500.08 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,417.01. Your IP Address: The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be issued a dividend of GBX 20 ($0.24) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a yield of 1.28%. In other Close Brothers Group plc news, insider Rebekah Etherington sold 966 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,434 ($17.53), for a total transaction of £13,852.44 ($16,936.59). Also, insider Elizabeth Lee sold 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,557 ($19.04), for a total value of £93,420 ($114,219.34). Close Brothers Group plc Company Profile Close Brothers Group plc is a merchant banking company. The Company provides lending, deposit taking, wealth management services and securities trading. The Company operates through three segments: Banking, Securities and Asset Management. The Banking segment provides lending to small businesses and individuals, with an emphasis on specialist finance. Receive News & Ratings for Close Brothers Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Minerals Technologies Inc. is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets worldwide a broad range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and related systems and services. The Company has five reportable segments: Specialty Minerals, Refractories, Performance Materials, Construction Technologies and Energy Services. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Minerals Technologies from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $76.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Shares of Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) opened at 75.45 on Tuesday. Minerals Technologies has a 12 month low of $51.29 and a 12 month high of $83.85. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $77.63 and its 200-day moving average price is $74.58. The company has a market capitalization of $2.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.91 and a beta of 2.04. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.05 by $0.03. The business earned $401.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $393.05 million. Minerals Technologies had a return on equity of 15.57% and a net margin of 8.14%. The business’s revenue was down 6.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.00 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Minerals Technologies will post $4.75 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 9th. Investors of record on Friday, February 17th were given a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, February 15th. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.27%. Minerals Technologies’s payout ratio is 5.28%. In related news, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 790 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.08, for a total value of $62,473.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 31,554 shares in the company, valued at $2,495,290.32. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 7,373 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.18, for a total value of $576,421.14. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 31,355 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,451,333.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.70% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Calvert Investment Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Minerals Technologies by 23.4% in the second quarter. Calvert Investment Management Inc. now owns 54,169 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,077,000 after buying an additional 10,286 shares during the last quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio raised its position in shares of Minerals Technologies by 5.0% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 2,262 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 107 shares during the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its position in shares of Minerals Technologies by 19.0% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 418,107 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,748,000 after buying an additional 66,700 shares during the last quarter. Beacon Financial Group acquired a new position in shares of Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at $328,000. Finally, Eqis Capital Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at $779,000. Institutional investors own 96.28% of the company’s stock. About Minerals Technologies Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource-and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets worldwide a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and related systems and services. It has five segments. The Specialty Minerals, Performance Materials, and Construction Technologies segments produce and sell products and technologies based primarily upon the mineral products calcium carbonate, bentonite, talc, chromite and leonardite. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Minerals Technologies (MTX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Nimble Storage Inc (NMBL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Next » Fortress Biotech Inc Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.33) Per Share (FBIO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirit Realty Capital Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho TheStreet Lowers Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to C+ March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TheStreet cut shares of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (NYSE:SRC) from a b- rating to a c+ rating in a report published on Wednesday. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on SRC. Robert W. Baird upgraded Spirit Realty Capital from a neutral rating to an outperform rating and set a $13.00 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Spirit Realty Capital from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 22nd. Bank of America Corp lowered Spirit Realty Capital from a neutral rating to an underperform rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Mizuho lowered Spirit Realty Capital from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $10.50 price target for the company. in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Spirit Realty Capital in a research note on Friday, December 16th. They issued an overweight rating and a $13.00 price target for the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Spirit Realty Capital currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $13.78. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) opened at 10.35 on Wednesday. Spirit Realty Capital has a 52-week low of $9.97 and a 52-week high of $13.97. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $10.60 and its 200-day moving average price is $11.43. The company has a market cap of $5.01 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 50.24 and a beta of 0.52. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.13. Spirit Realty Capital had a return on equity of 3.17% and a net margin of 16.77%. The business earned $173.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $162.91 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.22 EPS. Spirit Realty Capital’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Spirit Realty Capital will post $0.33 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 14th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a $0.18 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 6.96%. Spirit Realty Capital’s dividend payout ratio is currently 288.00%. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 7.1% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 190,088 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2,427,000 after buying an additional 12,636 shares in the last quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 9.3% in the second quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. now owns 27,117 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $346,000 after buying an additional 2,300 shares in the last quarter. Spirit of America Management Corp NY raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 174.1% in the third quarter. Spirit of America Management Corp NY now owns 93,200 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,243,000 after buying an additional 59,200 shares in the last quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 1.1% in the third quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 38,644 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $515,000 after buying an additional 408 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 10.8% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 205,000 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2,733,000 after buying an additional 20,000 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 96.54% of the company’s stock. About Spirit Realty Capital Spirit Realty Capital, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s operations are carried out through Spirit Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). The Company invests in single-tenant, operationally essential real estate throughout the United States that is leased on a long-term, triple-net basis primarily to tenants engaged in retail, service and distribution industries. Receive News & Ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Editas Medicine Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Vetr Inc. Upgrades Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) to Strong-Buy Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Editas Medicine Inc (NASDAQ:EDIT) was upgraded by stock analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a note issued to investors on Monday. The firm presently has a $27.14 price objective on the stock. Vetr‘s target price would indicate a potential upside of 21.70% from the stock’s previous close. EDIT has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Jefferies Group LLC set a $35.00 price objective on Editas Medicine and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $32.00 price objective on Editas Medicine and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Zacks Investment Research cut Editas Medicine from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating, two have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $27.79. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) opened at 22.30 on Monday. Editas Medicine has a one year low of $12.43 and a one year high of $43.50. The stock’s market cap is $799.23 million. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $21.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $17.26. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) last issued its earnings results on Friday, March 3rd. The company reported ($1.10) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.62) by $0.48. Editas Medicine had a negative return on equity of 59.22% and a negative net margin of 1,184.46%. During the same period last year, the firm posted ($4.05) earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that Editas Medicine will post ($2.85) earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: In related news, COO Alexandra Glucksmann sold 1,000 shares of Editas Medicine stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.41, for a total transaction of $26,410.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 118,788 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,137,191.08. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CFO Andrew A. F. Hack sold 15,000 shares of Editas Medicine stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.20, for a total value of $288,000.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 15,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $288,000. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 25,000 shares of company stock valued at $495,490. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. PARK CIRCLE Co purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth about $135,000. Hamilton Lane Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth about $260,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth about $284,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth about $299,000. Finally, A.R.T. Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth about $417,000. 60.89% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Editas Medicine Company Profile Editas Medicine, Inc, formerly Gengine, Inc, is a genome editing company. The Company is engaged in treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing genes. It operates through developing and commercializing genome editing technology segment. It is developing a genome editing platform based on clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR)/CRISPR associated protein 9 (Cas9) technology. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Editas Medicine Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Mobileye NV (MBLY) Upgraded to “C-” by TheStreet Next » Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Cut to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Drax Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Drax Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Drax Group Plc (DRX) Insider Sells £8,933.34 in Stock Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Drax Group Plc (LON:DRX) insider Andy Koss sold 2,643 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 338 ($4.13), for a total transaction of £8,933.34 ($10,922.29). Drax Group Plc (LON:DRX) opened at 340.254 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.38 billion. Drax Group Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 259.10 and a 1-year high of GBX 393.20. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 357.44 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 332.29. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a dividend of GBX 0.40 ($0.00) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 20th. This represents a yield of 0.11%. Your IP Address: Several research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Morgan Stanley cut shares of Drax Group Plc to an “underweight” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from GBX 310 ($3.79) to GBX 325 ($3.97) in a report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Drax Group Plc in a report on Monday, February 20th. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price target on shares of Drax Group Plc from GBX 320 ($3.91) to GBX 340 ($4.16) and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 310 ($3.79) price target (up from GBX 280 ($3.42)) on shares of Drax Group Plc in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 410 ($5.01) price target on shares of Drax Group Plc in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 368.57 ($4.51). About Drax Group Plc Drax Group Plc is engaged in the electricity generation; electricity supply to business customers, and manufacturing of sustainable compressed wood pellets for use in electricity production. The Company operates through three segments: Generation, which is engaged in the generation of electricity at Drax Power Station; Biomass Supply, which is engaged in the production of sustainable compressed wood pellets at its processing facilities in the United States, and Retail, which is engaged in the supply of power to business customers and wood pellets to the domestic heat market. Receive News & Ratings for Drax Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Drax Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Sempra Energy (SRE) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 21st Next » Temple Bar Investment Trust PLC (TMPL) Insider Buys £474.71 in Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Jobs LATEST NEWS Tawang is part of China: Tibetan scholar Court asks ACB to file report in plaint against Arvind Kejriwal India notifies amended tax treaty with Singapore Airtel enters definitive agreement to acquire Tikona Digital Terrorist was known to spies: British PM Theresa May Muslims should support construction of Ram temple: Subramanian Swamy ET Portfolio ET Speed Markets News Industry Small Biz Politics Wealth MF Tech TECHHardwareSoftwareInternetITeSDo Big Stories FOLLOW TECH Apple likely to start making iPhones in India over next 2 months: Report  WSJ quoting Indian officials said the move, a first for the company, will bolste...'Smart lights to become largest IoT devices in next 5-10 years'L&T Technology Services opens center in MunichAdobe, Microsoft working together on artificial intelligence Jobs Opinion NRI Slideshows Magazines PanacheET MagazineWealthBrand EquityFinancial TimesTravel FOLLOW PANACHE FOLLOW WEALTH More NewslettersAlertsE-PaperE-LearningET intelligenceMobileET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth for iPadET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App Brand Solutions Glenfiddich Artists in Residence A chance to collaborate with other celebrated international counterparts India Infra Summit 2017 It serves as a platform for all stakeholders to come together and brainstorm. ET Telecom Awards 2017 Recognising excellence in the Indian telecom industry. Mutual Fund PULSE Get ready to become a champion investor Tata Docomo Business Services Do Big Stories: Powering Innovations For The Next India Committed to the Future, Committed to India GE EnergyWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating energy. Build More Than A Network Different way of looking at the challenges of the global network ET HealthWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating healthcare... ET Portfolio Manage and grow your money smartly with just one tool ET RICS The exhaustive survey that help brands and industry to review their products. ET NOW ET Home›Jobs 04:05 PM | 23 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,332164.48 NIFTY 50 9,08655.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,845-40.00 USD/INR 65.530.09 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 164 pts; Nifty50 tops 9,080; Tata Motors gains 3% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments With 74 first time recruiters, 200 companies participate at IIM Indore placement process ET Bureau| Updated: Mar 20, 2017, 01.14 PM IST READ MORE ON » Indus Valley Partners | IndianOil | IIM Indore | ICICI bank | HSBC | Hindware | HDFC The batch at IIM Indore has a strength of 611, including 447 students of the PGP, 100 students of the unique 5-year Integrated Program in Management IPM. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve ICICI bank x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Edelweiss x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Crisil x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Axis Bank x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Axis Bank EXPAND TO VIEW ALL NEW DELHI: At IIM Indore, over 200 companies participated this year in the placement process of which 74 were first time recruiters. This year also saw the highest package at the campus increasing by 22 per cent from last year. The average package stood at Rs 16.23 lakh per annum while the highest international package was Rs 39 lakh and highest domestic package was at Rs 37 lakh this year. The batch at IIM Indore has a strength of 611, including 447 students of the Post-Graduate Programme (PGP), 100 students of the unique 5-year Integrated Program in Management (IPM) and 62 students of the PGP program at the Mumbai Campus of IIM Indore. Strategy & Consulting emerged as the leading domain with over 160 offers with recruiters like Actuate Business Consulting, Boston Consulting Group, Cognizant Business Consulting, Deloitte Strategy & Operations, Ernst & Young, Feedback Infra, Infosys Management Consulting, KPMG and PwC. In the finance domain with investment banks like Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase & Co. rolling out over 30 offers while Arcesium, Axis Bank, Bank of America Continuum, CRISIL, Edelweiss, EXL, FIS Global, HDFC, HSBC, ICICI Bank, were among major recruiters. First time recruiters included Apollo Munich, Apollo Pharmacy, Atos, Avery Dennison, Directi, Dell EMC, Feedback Infra, FIS Global, Ford, GMR Group, ICICI Securities, Panasonic, Shriram Wealth Advisors, Sundaram BNP Paribas, Tech Mahindra (GLC), Vedanta and VF Corporation. Firms like Amazon, Asian Paints, Genpact, Hindware, IndianOil, Indus Valley Partners, Infosys Management Consulting, Johnson & Johnson, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and United Breweries returned to recruit after a hiatus, according to the release. IIM Indore, has wrapped up the final placements for the class of 2017 with a 28% increase in Pre-Placement offers. The second batch of the five-year Integrated Programme in Management had 100 participants and witnessed 100% placements with an average package of Rs 12.52 lakh. “Despite challenging economic changes, we have continued to be the preferred choice for many of the industry leaders. Leading recruiters have offered various challenging managerial roles to more than 600 of our 2-year PGP and 5-year IPM graduates. This year a lot more recruiters expressed interest and appreciated the performance of IPM participants in the whole process," said Rishikesha T Krishnan, Director of IIM Indore. READ MORE ON » Indus Valley Partners | IndianOil | IIM Indore | ICICI bank | HSBC | Hindware | HDFC Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1With 74 first time recruiters, 200 companies participate at IIM Indore placement process University of Petroleum and Energy Studies (UPES) introduces policy to encourage entrepreneurship LinkedIn announces top social recruiters in India Aricent-Nasscom Foundation to impart employable skills to 3400 engineering students Business executives say organisations not 'change agile': Mercer Finding quality talent one of the most challenging aspects, think 39% employers Recruitment team in India not using mobile recruiting tools: Survey LinkedIn releases list of recruiters in India who recruited smartly last year Idea-Vodafone merger: Surplus telco talent to be redeployed 32% Indian professionals land a new job via social networks: LinkedIn Watch out, fresh graduates! IT companies are leaving you for Americans BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arrow Global Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Insider Sells £437,678.64 in Stock March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) insider Robert Memmott sold 135,086 shares of Arrow Global Group PLC stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 324 ($3.96), for a total value of £437,678.64 ($535,124.88). Shares of Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) opened at 317.50 on Monday. Arrow Global Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 168.66 and a 52-week high of GBX 339.18. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 553.63 million. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 314.65 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 297.51. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a dividend of GBX 6.40 ($0.08) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.97%. This is an increase from Arrow Global Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. Your IP Address: A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on ARW shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 330 ($4.03) to GBX 350 ($4.28) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 405 ($4.95) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Peel Hunt reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 340 ($4.16) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Macquarie lifted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.10) to GBX 350 ($4.28) and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 359 ($4.39) to GBX 384 ($4.69) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 371.50 ($4.54). Arrow Global Group PLC Company Profile Arrow Global Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based purchaser and manager of debt that uses data and analytics to acquire and manage debt portfolios from financial institutions and other credit providers. The Company is a provider of receivable management solutions. The Company is engaged in the purchase and collection of non-performing loans (NPLs). Receive News & Ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chartered PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Standard Chartered PLC (LON: STAN) recently: 3/9/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 570 ($6.97) price target on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 1,000 ($12.23) price target on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target lowered by analysts at Citigroup Inc from GBX 900 ($11.00) to GBX 890 ($10.88). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC was given a new GBX 620 ($7.58) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 520 ($6.36) to GBX 575 ($7.03). They now have an “underweight” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 515 ($6.30) to GBX 570 ($6.97). They now have an “underperform” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 600 ($7.34) to GBX 620 ($7.58). They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 870 ($10.64) price target on the stock. 2/20/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC was downgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to a “neutral” rating. 2/16/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 515 ($6.30) price target on the stock. 2/9/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a GBX 1,000 ($12.23) price target on the stock. 2/3/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 555 ($6.79) to GBX 600 ($7.34). They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 2/2/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 1,000 ($12.23) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 890 ($10.88). Shares of Standard Chartered PLC (LON:STAN) opened at 730.40 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 765.15 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 689.41. The company’s market cap is GBX 23.94 billion. Standard Chartered PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 425.65 and a 1-year high of GBX 821.60. Standard Chartered PLC is an international banking company. The Bank provides personal banking, business banking, wealth management, Islamic banking and online banking services. Its segments include Corporate and Institutional clients, Commercial Clients, Private Banking Clients and Retail Clients. Its Corporate and Institutional clients segment consists of global corporates, local corporates and financial Institutions. Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chartered PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Tsakos Energy Navigation’s (TNP) Hold Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. (NYSE:TNP)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by stock analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a research report issued on Friday. They presently have a $5.00 price objective on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 2.25% from the company’s previous close. TNP has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Clarkson Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Maxim Group started coverage on Tsakos Energy Navigation in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. They set a “buy” rating and a $9.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Tsakos Energy Navigation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their target price on Tsakos Energy Navigation from $8.00 to $7.50 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Tsakos Energy Navigation has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $7.42. Shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation (NYSE:TNP) opened at 4.89 on Friday. Tsakos Energy Navigation has a 1-year low of $3.92 and a 1-year high of $6.67. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $4.65 and its 200 day moving average is $4.77. The company has a market cap of $409.69 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 6.21 and a beta of 1.87. Your IP Address: Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. WealthTrust Axiom LLC boosted its stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation by 11.9% in the third quarter. WealthTrust Axiom LLC now owns 230,860 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,112,000 after buying an additional 24,627 shares during the last quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation by 30.5% in the third quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC now owns 3,354,509 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,168,000 after buying an additional 783,364 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation during the fourth quarter worth about $5,212,000. Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation by 10.0% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 290,367 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,362,000 after buying an additional 26,365 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation by 5.8% in the third quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. now owns 1,053,292 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,077,000 after buying an additional 57,863 shares during the last quarter. 27.25% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Tsakos Energy Navigation Tsakos Energy Navigation Limited is a provider of international seaborne crude oil and petroleum product transportation services. The Company operates through maritime transportation of liquid energy related products segment. It operates a fleet of approximately 50 modern crude oil and petroleum product tankers that provide marine transportation services for national and other independent oil companies and refiners under long, medium and short-term charters. Receive News & Ratings for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Look Out London: Budapest, Prague, Wroclaw Want Your Workers by Zoltan Simon @ZoltanSimonBbg More stories by Zoltan Simon March 20, 2017, 7:00 PM EDT March 21, 2017, 9:00 AM EDT Jobs in business services set to triple in CEE to 1 million Business service industry raises hope of ending brain drain Dublin Is Best Spot for EU Banks After Brexit, Study Says When the world’s largest asset manager announced it was setting up a global hub in Budapest this year, it was inundated by applicants from an unlikely place: London. Those interested in leaving Europe’s top banking center for the Hungarian capital made up a third of aspirants, said Melanie Seymour, managing director in Budapest for BlackRock Inc., which manages more than $5 trillion. Senior investment bankers and other top-earning Hungarians flocked to the company’s get-together in the City to hear about the 500 marketing, financial-modeling and other positions. As London braces for a post- Brexit talent exodus, central and eastern Europe is preparing for the opposite. Following years of brain drain in which elite graduates fled ex-communist nations for higher paying jobs in the West, the region now has more to offer. Companies including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. in Poland and Pfizer Inc. in the Czech Republic will contribute to a more than tripling of the finance, legal, research, design and other posts in the region to 1 million by 2025, according to the Association of Business Service Leaders, or ABSL. “Their ultimate dream is to come home,” Seymour said in an interview. “The only reason they’re not here is because there aren’t the career opportunities to satisfy their intelligence and career ambitions.” At the center of the job boom are business-service hubs, where global companies do much of their heavy lifting in the European Union’s eastern wing. Initially focused on low-paying tasks such as call centers, the industry now employs highly qualified and multilingual staff to take on jobs once only handled in companies’ headquarters.  Poland is leading the way. The EU’s largest eastern economy boasts 936 centers employing 212,000 people, which should grow to 300,000 by 2020, ABSL said. The government says it will lure as many as 30,000 British jobs this year as companies seek to keep their operations in the EU after Brexit. Jobs Pipeline In financial services, UBS AG has a global hub in Krakow. Goldman Sachs, which is planning to halve its London staff to 3,000 workers, will expand in Warsaw to “several hundred” people over the next three years, Handelsblatt reported. JPMorgan Chase & Co., which may move as many as 2,500 jobs to central Europe, is also considering Poland. The boom has boosted employment outside of traditional business hubs. Poland features 10 cities that employ at least 3,500 people in the sector, including Krakow, where  Heineken NV has operations, and Wroclaw, which hosts Google Inc. Brno, the second-largest Czech city, has offices for U.S.-based AT&T Inc., while Romania’s Cluj-Napoca has Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co.. Salary Boost Salaries have risen across the region as a result. Software developers with three to five years of experience, for example, make an average of 28,500 euros ($30,275) a year in Prague and 33,200 euros in Budapest. That’s three times the Czech and Hungarian national averages but still less than the 65,000 euros a year they’d make in Dublin. Although the service center trend has burgeoned independently of Brexit, more than a quarter of U.K. employers suspect EU citizens on their staffs are considering leaving this year, according to a survey by the London-based Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development. British companies are also considering moving, according to Jonathan Appleton, head of the Association of Business Service Leaders in Prague. “We’re already seeing” a spike in interest among U.K. companies who are looking to move out of Britain, said Appleton. “As things get more difficult, they will look at relocating.” Read more about the labor shortage in eastern EU members Still, higher western salaries continue to draw workers abroad, regardless of Brexit. While about 1 million Poles live in the U.K., more Polish workers have moved to Germany than to Britain each year since 2012. The exodus of workers has created a labor shortage that’s hampering growth across the region, with Hungary, Poland, Romania and the Czech Republic boasting four of the eight lowest jobless rates in the EU, according to Eurostat. The Czechs have the lowest at 3.4 percent. Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Business centers, at least, are helping raise productivity, which can keep record salary increases sustainable and keep some workers home. Back in Budapest, General Electric Co. plans to expand its service center to over 2,000 employees by end-year, from 1,900, making it the biggest of four hubs along with one in Cincinnati, Ohio, the company said. BlackRock’s future financial modelers will join “one of the highest-skilled quant teams” in the company, Seymour said. “The work that happens there is both as important to the overall outcome of the firm and as complex as anything we do in London, New York, Hong Kong or Singapore,” she said. “We can hopefully help support keeping talent here as well as attracting some of it back.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters United States & Canada Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Statesman banker David Rockefeller, guardian of legendary fortune, dies at 101  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World›United States & Canada Obituaries Obituaries Statesman banker David Rockefeller, guardian of legendary fortune, dies at 101 Billionaire was an emissary for capitalism, who held a landmark meeting with Zhou Enlai in 1973 PUBLISHED : Tuesday, 21 March, 2017, 10:00am UPDATED : Tuesday, 21 March, 2017, 10:10pm Comments:   Associated Press Share PrintEmail Related topics Obituaries Related Articles Europe Martin McGuinness, IRA street-fighter who shook queen’s hand, dies 21 Mar 2017 United States & Canada Legendary New York columnist Jimmy Breslin dead at 88 20 Mar 2017 United States & Canada Chuck Berry: his music and influence will last forever 20 Mar 2017 David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller - a billionaire statesman for capitalism who held a landmark private meeting with Chinese premier Zhou Enlai in 1973 - died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller - widely regarded as the richest man in modern history - and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family’s fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence as a banker businessman without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. “No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller,” said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. “I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called.” Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and travelled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. That career would take him around the world. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favoured assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. His landmark meeting with Zhou on June 29, 1973, came on the heels of US president Richard Nixon’s visit a year earlier. Rockefeller and Zhou reportedly spoke long into the night, their private meeting having been framed by the Rockefeller family’s long involvement in philanthropy in China in the first half of the 20th century. He would return from 10 days in China with the news that Chase would become the first US bank to open a correspondent relationship with the Bank of China since the revolution. “Whatever the price of the Chinese Revolution, it has obviously succeeded not only in producing more efficient and dedicated administration, but also in fostering high morale and community of purpose,” Rockefeller wrote in an opinion piece for the New York Times upon his return from the trip. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was also the first US bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month US embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at US$3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as “the cousins”, are more numerous. In addition to the philanthropy that “touched and lifted innumerable lives,” Rockefeller’s “connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included,” said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a “wonderful friend” to him and his wife, Barbara. Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at US$500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller’s later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organised an investor group to buy back 45 per cent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honour, in 1998. “Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad,” former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. “His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more.” Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Ambassador for capitalism blazed trail, exporting US commerce to new frontiers   Most Popular Viewed 1 How China’s overseas property dream turned into a nightmare 2 Singapore, Hong Kong ranked world’s most expensive cities 3 Waste disposal charge will cost typical family HK$51 a month 4 MTR to offer 3 per cent fare rebates and retain price formula 5 Virgin takes on Cathay Pacific, Qantas with Hong Kong-Australia flights Shared 1 How China’s overseas property dream turned into a nightmare 2 Singapore, Hong Kong ranked world’s most expensive cities 3 Waste disposal charge will cost typical family HK$51 a month 4 MTR to offer 3 per cent fare rebates and retain price formula 5 Virgin takes on Cathay Pacific, Qantas with Hong Kong-Australia flights Commented 1 Hong Kong-raised model Mia Kang prepares for her muay thai debut 2 Hong Kong athlete claims ‘sprint’ gold ... at 93 years old 3 Premier League champions Leicester City set to play in Hong Kong 4 Why world football needs to get to grips with China’s culture 5 Olympic gold medallist warns HK kids not to focus solely on academics       You may also like Insight & Opinion China has taken on Silicon Valley, and guess who is winning 20 Mar 2017 - 8:49pm 13 Analytics help online retailers offer customers seamless experience In partnership with: Alibaba Cloud Companies European Commission fines Cathay €57m for cargo surcharges 20 Mar 2017 - 11:00pm 9 Champion racehorse or movie star, the secret’s the same: Grasp the opportunity Presented by: The Hong Kong Jockey Club Hong Kong Poll front runners dodge June 4 issue in bruising debate 20 Mar 2017 - 9:31am 38 Hong Kong Hong Kong in danger of losing status as aviation hub, Qantas chief warns 20 Mar 2017 - 2:57pm 23 Society Meet the 105-year-old Filipino who inspired a film 19 Mar 2017 - 7:03am Society The Chinese stars grabbing global attention 19 Mar 2017 - 11:03am 3 Film & TV Hong Kong internet millionaire Kim Dotcom’s life hits the big screen 18 Mar 2017 - 7:30am 3 Hong Kong Meet the hero Hong Kong police officer who became a global sensation 18 Mar 2017 - 2:25pm 61 Opinion The dark side to Trump and Xi’s summit in the sun 20 Mar 2017 - 4:44pm 19 Insight & Opinion Another election in Hong Kong, another five years of the same 19 Mar 2017 - 5:37pm 8 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, March 23, 2017 9:34 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 in New York Tuesday March 21, 2017 09:33 AM GMT+8 ICYMI UK parliament attacker was born in Britain, May says Nearly three-quarters Malays clueless about Act 355, survey finds Hamilton wants to see more women, less ‘dudes’ in paddock The Edit: ‘Power Rangers’ yay or nay? Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article David Rockefeller arrives at the funeral service for New York socialite and philanthropist Brooke Astor at St Thomas Church in New York August 17, 2007. — Reuters picNEW YORK — Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died yesterday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly US$2 billion (RM8.84 billion) in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the US “gilded” era of robber barons, he was the son of John D Rockefeller Jr, who developed New York's Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolise unpopular US banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings, Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolised by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art — a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than US$10,000 was auctioned for more than US$72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at US$3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly US$2 billion in his lifetime to organisations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: The Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a US$4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with US$76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, Memoirs, in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate “Rockefeller Republicans” wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the US Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honour. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bank Negara sees economy, exports growing faster in 2017 S.Korea throws shipbuilder Daewoo new US$6b lifeline Jack Ma optimistic about introducing Alipay e-wallet service in Malaysia Bursa Malaysia remains above 1,750 at mid-afteroon Ringgit to stabilise gradually, no more large outflow Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 China capital controls leave buyers of foreign property in bind (VIDEO) Jack Ma to launch Alibaba’s regional distribution hub in Malaysia, sources say Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles A diet high in meat could lead to heart failure in older women Painkillers linked to heart failure, study finds Study finds vitamin D can help damaged hearts Say ah: Saliva test for heart failure to be trialled in Australia Belgian footballer Mertens who collapsed on pitch dies Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services

  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The incredible survival story of woman who ran out of gas near the Grand Canyon and used her wits to stay alive while she was stranded for FIVE DAYS BREAKING NEWS: American man who was on a tour of Europe is named as victim of London terror attack that also left his wife injured  BREAKING NEWS: Man arrested after trying to drive a car into a crowd on a busy shopping street in Antwerp ISIS claims responsibility for London attack - as it emerges killer was British-born jihadist who was probed by MI5 'some years ago' over links to 'violent extremism' but slipped through the net 'My thoughts, prayers and deepest sympathy are with all those who have been affected': Queen pays tribute to the London terror attack victims  'My life has completely fallen apart': Husband's grief after his wife was murdered on Westminster Bridge in London terror attack on the way to pick up their children from school  'They will not silence our democracy': British PM vows defiance as House of Commons condemns 'sickening' terror attack on the heart of London 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to his home town of London in wake of brutal terror attack Moment Thames cruise ship helps to pluck Romanian tourist from the water after she plunged 20ft to safety  Terrorist on the rampage: Chilling footage shows London terror attacker's car speeding along the sidewalk of bridge as one terrified woman PLUNGES into the Thames 'Killed on the Death Bridge': How the world's media has reacted to the Westminster atrocity 'He was every inch a hero': British Prime Minister leads tributes to murdered cop Keith Palmer, 48, as heartbroken colleagues remember 'a wonderful dad, a wonderful husband' who saved the life of a colleague French school devastated by London attack with three pupils injured had already lost a former student in the Bataclan massacre Carnage and kindness on Westminster Bridge: How strangers helped the stricken victims of London terror attack as they lay bloodied and broken on the pavement 'There are ground rules...but we have lots of fun': People in open relationships share exactly how they make their VERY complicated love lives work Now you're making fried eggs wrong! Secret hack reveals how to get them perfectly crispy (and the key is using a LOT of one ingredient) 'We were fortunate enough to have two uteruses': Transgender MAN gives birth to his own daughter after his wife was unable to fall pregnant  Tragedy as mom, 30, beats cervical cancer during pregnancy only to die from heart failure one day after giving birth to twins  'I'm president and you're not' Trump tells his critics in Time magazine interview  Now anonymous government officials accuse Trump aides of giving Russians the 'thumbs up' for election hacks: New claim in growing feud over Obama administration 'snooping' on Donald Revealed: U.S. investigating Paul Manafort's offshore banking transactions through Cyprus as part of federal anti-corruption probe EXCLUSIVE: From Sand Lake to Twin Peaks - How one woman's grisly unsolved murder in 1908 inspired the 90s cult TV drama that is making a comeback in a Showtime reboot  American-Israeli teenager, 19, is arrested for making hoax bomb threats against US Jewish Community Centers  ISIS burns three women who refused to slaughter their neighbours as they fled Mosul Previous Next The last of the golden Gatsby playboys: David Rockefeller's death at 101 marks the end of the last living connection to that extraordinary era, writes ROBERT HARDMAN  The Rockefellers were a byword for riches beyond comprehension  David Rockefeller's grandfather was called the wealthiest individual in history After graduating from Harvard, he spent a year at the LSE In 1940, he married Margaret McGrath, by whom he would have six children By Robert Hardman for the Daily Mail Published: 20:42 EDT, 20 March 2017 | Updated: 05:18 EDT, 21 March 2017 e-mail 1k shares 304 View comments As a child, his family were not merely wealthy. Along with Midas and Croesus, the Rockefellers were a byword for riches beyond comprehension. And David Rockefeller, who has died aged 101, was the last of the line to experience the family fortune at its zenith.  He would also give away a vast chunk of it during a long life in which he befriended world leaders, despots, saints and sinners. Businessman David Rockefeller, the youngest son of financier John D Rockefeller Jr, with his bride Margaret McGrath in 1940 He ran his family’s business and charitable interests long in to his nineties, along with his art collection valued at half a billion dollars.  But with his passing goes the last living connection to the extraordinary era of the Great Gatsby and the golden age of America’s great industrial dynasties.  Compared to this lot, the Kennedy clan, so often described as America’s royal family, are very much at the Poundland end of the plutocratic spectrum. David Rockefeller was ten when F. Scott Fitzgerald published Gatsby, the classic tale of social division and decadence among America’s super-rich during the Roaring Twenties.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next History of lynching in America: Interactive map documents... EXCLUSIVE: How Prince Charles wept over Camilla on the eve... Share this article Share Just two years later, Irving Berlin wrote his immortal hit song along similar lines: ‘Come, let’s mix where Rockefellers walk with sticks or ‘umbrellas’ in their mitts – puttin’ on the Ritz.’ Everyone associated the Rockefellers and the marginally less wealthy Carnegies and Vanderbilts with enormous privilege. Young David’s childhood was divided between the largest private residence in New York (with the family art gallery in an adjacent building), a country estate, a seaside ‘cottage’ in Maine with 107 rooms and various other holiday homes all of which would dwarf Donald Trump’s Mar-A-Lago Florida bolthole. His grandfather was John Davison Rockefeller, a man described as the wealthiest individual in history, having amassed a fortune of somewhere in the region of half a trillion dollars in modern values.  John D. Rockefeller Jr. as he gets ready for a stroll along Fifth Avenue in New York for the Easter Sunday Parade in 1929 A former grocer, he went on to found Standard Oil. But throughout his life, inspired by his mother Eliza, a devout Baptist, he ‘tithed’ or donated 10 per cent of every pay cheque to charity. By the time he died in 1937, he had given away so much that he is also believed to have been the single greatest benefactor of medical research and education in history. But that still left billions for his only son, John D. Rockefeller Junior. He found his fortune a burden and insisted his six children, of whom David was the youngest, were raised with a strong work ethic and sense of public duty. So, at the age of seven, David had a holiday job raking leaves for eight hours a day on the family’s 3,400-acre Westchester estate. On another occasion, he was put on weeding duties at the family’s holiday home in Maine earning a cent per weed. At the same time, however, the trappings of great wealth were close at hand.  David and three of his brothers were fond of roller-skating down New York’s Fifth Avenue but would be followed by a chauffeur-driven limousine on standby in case they became tired. Young David’s real passion, however, was insects. During a summer holiday in Maine, he used an illuminated bedsheet to gather up 40,000 insects. Even towards the end of his life, David would not leave home without a jar to gather up any interesting beetles. And it was a source of immense pride when a rare, Mexican high-altitude scarab beetle was named after him – diplotaxis rockefelleri.  David Rockefeller and president George H. W. Bush during George C. Marshall Foundation Honors George H. W. Bush at Cipriani in New York, New York After graduating from Harvard in 1936, David spent a year at the London School of Economics and went on to receive a PhD from the University of Chicago. He was genuinely bright. In that same year, 1940, he married Margaret McGrath, by whom he would have six children. But that sense of public duty soon kicked in as the Second World War reached America. Following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbour, David enlisted and was posted to North Africa and latterly France – his fluency in French led to a post as an intelligence officer. After the war, he joined the family bank, Chase Manhattan, and would rise to be chairman and chief executive. Two of his brothers pursued political careers – Nelson became governor of New York and US vice-president, Winthrop became governor of Arkansas. As much a networker as a financier, David was twice offered the role of US treasury secretary. Yet he preferred to act alone as a private diplomat-cum-dealmaker. His network of contacts became legendary with more than 150,000 names logged in a Rolodex filing system so large it occupied a special office next to his own.  It was Rockefeller and the statesman Henry Kissinger, who encouraged President Jimmy Carter (pictured) to admit the ailing and deposed Shah of Iran to the US for cancer treatment in 1979 Through Rockefeller’s friendships with men like Russian leader Leonid Brezhnev, Chase – now JPMorgan Chase & Co – was the first American bank to open in the Soviet Union and China. In 1974, it was the first to open an office in Egypt since the 1956 Suez crisis.  Among the estimated 200 world leaders whose company – and telephone numbers – he enjoyed in later life was Nelson Mandela. One friendship led to particularly vehement criticism.  It was Rockefeller and the statesman Henry Kissinger, who encouraged President Jimmy Carter to admit the ailing and deposed Shah of Iran to the US for cancer treatment in 1979. The move led to the invasion of the US embassy in Tehran and the 13-month hostage crisis which, ultimately, brought down the Carter administration. Throughout his life, Rockefeller remained an ardent defender of his family and birthright. ‘American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,’ he said. He is believed to have given away at least 900 million dollars (£730 million) to good causes in his lifetime and took a dim view of tax avoidance schemes. But he might just occasionally use his enormous influence for personal ends. He was gratified when he moved the family bank to the lower end of Manhattan and it sparked a building boom there during the Sixties and Seventies. He was less pleased when a project called the World Trade Centre threatened to obstruct his view of the Hudson River and Statue of Liberty.  According to Wall Street folklore, he called his brother Nelson, then governor of New York, and asked: ‘Can’t you just move it over a few feet?’ His view remained undisturbed. Share or comment on this article e-mail 1k shares Most watched News videos Shocking moment terror attacker's car speeds across bridge Dramatic video shows horror of aftermath on Westminster Bridge Terrified public flee as three shots ring out in Parliament Square Commotion outside Parliament as police react after attack Injured people lay stricken on Westminster Bridge after attack Horrifying car crash scene shows victim at Parliament railings 'Go! go!' Police scream orders as Westminster incident begins Police patrol as Parliament is cordoned off after terror attack House suspended: Deputy speaker updates MPs after gunfire heard Injured on Westminster Bridge after terrorist drove car at them 'Serious incident': MPs in Commons told they are in lockdown Silver Jaguar speeds away from parliament with police escort The hero of Westminster: Policeman stabbed to death by... Police scramble to south London tube station as capital... Terrorist on the rampage: Chilling footage shows London... 'My life has completely fallen apart': Husband's grief... How heroic Team GB boxing coach jumped over a fence and... BREAKING NEWS: ISIS claims responsibility for London... Welcome to London: We can say we’re not afraid, light... 'A guy was shouting his wife had jumped into the Thames':... Face of the Westminster attacker: Dramatic moment dying... ‘I tried to save him… he’d lost too much blood’: MP whose... 'You have to be kidding me?!': Donald Trump Jr reacts to... Dramatic videos capture the moment three shots are fired... London on high alert: Police urge public to keep off... Humiliation for Channel 4 as they incorrectly name... Sick ISIS posts celebrates 'blessed London attack' with... 'The Thin Blue Line just got thinner': Tributes pour in... Hero doctors and nurses RAN from nearby hospital to treat... Theresa May was just '50 YARDS' from London terror... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 304 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress  'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flash triggered by Kanye West coming home late The 36-year-old reality star revealed all Kate keeps calm and carries on: Defiant Duchess shrugs off security concerns as she makes official appearance in London hours after terror attack 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson hits back at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez, 24, reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Due date is getting close Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Apparent swipe at Trump EXCLUSIVE: Married with Children star Katey Sagal opens up about 15-year drug addiction, on-and-off affair with 'weird' KISS rocker Gene Simmons  Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele, 30, flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned legs in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie in Los Angeles From mangy mutt to top dog! The incredible rescue of Eric and Lara Trump's pooch Ben who now lives in the lap of luxury  Road to recovery Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency Quick change The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy 'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash She was hit from behind by a vehicle on Monday  Shocking video shows Cash Me Ousside girl scrapping with her mom at their home which police have visited more than 50 times Dr Phil star What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Model behavior? A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display 'I've flashed my tights, my spanx, my knickers!' Adele gives audiences an eyeful as she slumps on stage after a BUG crawls into her shoe during Auckland concert Aging gracefully and with a smile! Faith Hill reveals why she is happy with her wrinkles and just fine with turning 50  'Our son is suffering': Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health problems' Ready for action! Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy outfit on set of Assassination Nation 'I had 90 pages of dialogue in one day': Bold And The Beautiful veteran Katherine Lang reveals behind-the-scenes challenges on the show New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack What do we have here? Justin Bieber's ex Sahara Ray flaunts pert derrière in Daisy Dukes as she STRADDLES Jordan Barrett in bed What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognizable during makeup-free workout EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call 'A true fan must have this air!' The plastic BAG OF AIR from Adele's Adelaide concert posted on Ebay by a fan is now bidding at a whopping $2,000 Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Feline fine: Victoria's Secret beauty Devon Windsor dons leopard print coat as model pal Anne V gets animated at New York Rangers hockey game Low-key love? Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin  Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato takes the plunge in angelic white dress as she is honored at LA gala  The 24-year-old singer recieves gong Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors The former stripper EXCLUSIVE - Ivanka Trump drops the kids at ski school and sneaks off to join husband Jared Kushner for an early morning ski run followed by a romantic stroll  Puppy love! Barefoot Lena Dunham cuddles up with two cute fluffy dogs... and almost has wardrobe malfunction The 30-year-old star snuggled up Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta The Golden Globe-winning Alias actress  How Tinder helps NBA stars play better away: App lets them sleep with women earlier in the night while on the road and erases home team advantage Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami The Vicotira Secret model turned heads Mommy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Real Housewives star  DWTS bull rider Bonner Bolton and pro Sharna Burgess share hug as they set the record straight on THAT moment backstage  They embraced Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends for almost a decade 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Son of Oscar-winning Leaving Las Vegas actor Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in lemon gown as character will be first gay superhero in film Stunned on the red carpet Love is in the air! Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks romance with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Can I negotiate a truce?': DWTS host Tom Bergeron wishes William Shatner a happy 86th birthday with peace treaty between Nick Viall Playful tweet Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Date night! Marc Anthony cozies up to new girlfriend Mariana Downing on red carpet...just one month after finalizing divorce from Shannon De Lima 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with ex-fiance Rob Kardashian Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Flashed a smile 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Revealed on her Bitch Sesh podcast  The first daughter of fashion! Meet the seasoned Hollywood stylist behind Ivanka Trump's glamorous Washington wardrobe She is 35 'I caught him': Vanderpump Rules' Scheana accuses estranged husband Mike of cheating as duo come face-to-face in explosive reunion trailer Jailed Death Row Records founder Suge Knight transported to hospital in LA with 'life-threatening blood clots' The rap mogul is awaiting trial for murder On the move! Jennifer Lawrence pushes her luggage in NYC while bundled up in a leather coat and matching hat The 26-year-old beauty wrapped up warm Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere On the red carpet Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu She just got back from a romantic weekend with the Weeknd Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere She's a mom-of-three  Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks bleary-eyed while smiling wife Hilaria sips on a caffeine fix The 58-year-old actor looked serious Going green! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot The reality star showed off her fantastic figure Her casual wear doesn't come cheap! Makeup-free Dakota Johnson models a $1,000 Gucci sweater while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look The 31-year-old was spotted at the airport  The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Sofia Richie, 18,  steps out for lunch... after fueling romance rumors with Formula One hunk Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each others' selfies 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers his expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he's seen 'drowning his sorrows with vodka'  She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old High School Musical actress  'She endangered Courtney's life being reckless': Ruby Rose reveals the reason she broke up with ex-girlfriend Harley Gusman  Jenna Dewan Tatum showcases her dancer's figure in tiny shorts as she gears up for new series with Jennifer Lopez Out in LA 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens Her special day! Reese Witherspoon wears limited edition Draper James dress made just for her birthday The Big Little Lies star turned 41  Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills This Twilight actress busy running errands Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks tense as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Car trouble 'Thank you for the advice!' Nancy Kerrigan pokes fun at Kristi Yamaguchi after she tells her to 'break a leg' on 'Dancing With The Stars  Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool, England He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit  She stepped out in Los Angeles on Wednesday Why NBA stars rely on PB&J sandwiches to boost energy - and nurture their MENTAL health  What the big names are eating 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery She is 64 They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami The heiress and her younger model boyfriend Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Playing first real boyfriend Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson is set to overtake Jennifer Lawrence as Hollywood's highest paid actress... making $15m from current hit ALONE Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida The singer brought a female fan on stage  Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY She donned shades Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum Zero Dark Thirty actress  'I'm letting her breathe': Todd Fisher says Billie Lourd 'needs to step back' from loss of mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnball wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son into her family this past January Pretty as a petal! Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Mad Men star Michael Shannon is 'top pick' to play Cable in highly anticipated Deadpool 2 opposite Ryan Reynolds It looks like things are finally shaping up for Deadpool 2 'It's tough': Model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet The Australian-born supermodel Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl Birthday suit! As Bella Hadid rocks a flesh colored one-piece, FEMAIL rounds up 18 swimsuits that are as close to naked as you're going to get Perfect casting! Chris Brown to guest star on ABC's Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper The recording artist will play a popular rapper named Rich Youngsta 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Revealing all Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot She's a role model No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA She's always the hostess Scandal on the slopes: Young Ivanka Trump was found hiding out in a boy's hotel room during Aspen family ski trip after Donald reported her missing to police 'I've made mistakes': Terrence Howard reveals his father beat him until he was 14 leading him to hit his first two wives... but his third spouse tamed him 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards 14 years later 'Loving the sun!': RHONJ star Teresa Giudice, 44, is yoga-toned in an exotic bikini as she enjoys holiday after death of her mother Antonia Married at First Sight stars Sonia Granados and Nick Pendergrast announce they're filing for divorce, a year after they said 'I do' as strangers  From OMG to dad bod: Usher hits the beach on vacation with his wife Grace...but without his signature six-pack  Looks like he has eased up on the crunches  Feeling blue? Curtis Stone looks downcast as he walks through LA in a casual denim ensemble Aussie celebrity chef She's falling for him! Vanderpump Rules' Scheana Shay kisses new beau Robert Valletta as they spend the day leaping off waterfalls in Hawaii Ben McKenzie gets caught up in shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  He's normally the one running after criminals 'We are so supportive of each other': Aussie model and actress Jessica Gomes opens up on her relationship with actor Xavier Samuel EXCLUSIVE: Hillary Clinton's Scranton childhood: Family home often flooded, her great uncle was a crooked councilman... and an aunt ran local brothel  'It doesn't feel great': Kristen Bell says she stopped breastfeeding to increase her bust for movie CHIPS... as actress joins husband Dax Shepard at Sirius Effortlessly cute! Lily Collins keeps it cozy in grey cardigan after her daily trip to the gym She had a post-exercise flush as she headed home David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Awesome Con  Fresh-faced Lara Stone flaunts her flawless complexion AFTER working up a sweat in the gym The Dutch model looked fresh-faced Lady in leather! Paris Jackson rocks biker jacket and beanie out and about in New York Decked out in a warm version of her typical boho chic aesthetic Simon Cowell, Naomi Scott and Elizabeth Banks join Power Rangers creator Haim Saban as he receives star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches wedding ring amid claims mom Angela is hoping to mend family feud following split from 'controlling' ex Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  The 30-year-old Glee actress Stop taking vitamins just because celebrities tell you to, doctors urge  Celebrities constantly rave about the health benefits of taking vitamins Dad-to-be Josh Duggar gets special delivery as disgraced reality star is served with summons after stealing man's image and using it for his online dating profiles Teri Hatcher, 52, flaunts her incredibly youthful looks during Paris trip... as she takes well-deserved break from new TV series Supergirl 'I overreacted': Erika Girardi admits she was wrong to blow up at Eileen Davidson during meltdown about her policeman son on RHOBH Smoke break! Emma Roberts puffs on a cigarette with a pal in NYC as she wears a Nasty Women tote on her shoulder 'Y'all males are so simple!' Allison Williams reveals she gets far more attention now she's blonde The 28-year-old Girls star shared her insight      DON'T MISS She needs to invest in an umbrella! Cara Santana's nicely styled locks get drenched during downpour as she exits LA restaurant She had just lunched  Next season of Feud? Taraji P Henson and Nia Long 'stopped talking to each other and almost had to shoot scenes separately' on Empire set Revealed: The royal datebooks that charted breakdown of Charles and Diana's marriage and how she used 'duty and beauty' to turn herself into a global star All that exercise has paid off! Ashlee Simpson looks slender in black workout gear 20 months after welcoming daughter with Evan Ross EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth starting a family? Builders begin work on children's playground and a creche at couple's Malibu ranch Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Tot has jet-set lifestyle Take your smoky eye to infinity and beyond! FEMAIL details how to create an otherworldly look with the exact products used on stars like Gigi Hadid EXCLUSIVE: It's A Family Affair as Mary J. Blige's soon-to-be ex demands $110,000 a month to fund his lavish lifestyle including a private chef Maksim Chmerkovskiy reveals Peta Murgatroyd is trying to postpone their July wedding... but he 'can't wait' Proud new parents  'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Why does it look like she's running in slow-mo?': Kelly Rohrbach slaps her butt as Zac Efron goes undercover as a woman in Baywatch trailer Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Big Rig Bounty Hunters' Vince Jones dead at 46 of a suspected heart attack The father-of-six who suffered from sleep apnea was found in bed  Fighting over Ella! NFL vet Ed Hartwell asks his ex-wife Keshia Knight Pulliam of The Cosby Show for joint custody of their two-month-old daughter 'How can you have a bad day?': Pink poses in a rainbow striped onesie for quirky Instagram snap Rounded out look with  white-rimmed shades Sir Rod Stewart, 72, enjoys a catch up over breakfast with eldest son Sean, 36, between gigs The pair were spotted in Bel Air, California 'But Elmo hasn't been unemployed since the '80s!' Parody video depicts Sesame Street character getting FIRED after  'Donald Grump' proposes PBS cuts 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Embraces feminine side Just for show! Olivia Wilde sports huge prosthetic baby bump on NYC set of Life Itself The 33-year-old actress looked ready to pop on busy Big Apple streets  Well suited! Vanessa Hudgens looks ready for business in stylish blazer and pants on promo tour of New York The 28-year-old was stunning in all red 'Kissing and laughing like newlyweds!' Sexy bodysuit-clad Larsa Pippen is all 'lovey-dovey' with on again husband Scottie after his big night without her Mary Jo Eustace reaches out-of-court agreement with Dean McDermott over unpaid spousal support... after he welcomes FIFTH child with Tori Spelling Together again! Caitlyn Jenner will sit down with Diane Sawyer to promote tell-all book... two years after groundbreaking 2015 interview Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed white T-shirt and black leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in legal battle with Dr. Luke Rock that body! Ashley Graham poses in sea in revealing bikini for swimsuit shoot in Florida The 29-year-old model flaunted her curves  Why you'll NEVER get a backside to rival a Kardashian doing squats: Fitness model shares the very simple secret to achieving the perfect butt Stranger Things star Joe Keery parodies Ferris Bueller in funny new ads... and a character from the classic film even makes a cameo It's morphin' time! As Ashley Benson and Gigi Hadid step out in Power Rangers t-shirts, shop FEMAIL's roundup of stylish superhero merch in time for film's release Twinning! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell wear matching jeans with thigh-baring rips The edgy pair enjoyed a sunlit stroll  Texting Norman? Diane Kruger focuses on her cell phone during NYC stroll after she was spotted with 'beau' Reedus in Spain Pair linked since 2015 Grey's Anatomy star and mom-of-two Sarah Drew reveals she asked director for breast pump scene so she could celebrate the 'struggle' of working mothers Chelsea Clinton, 37, to be honored with 'lifetime' achievement award by Variety magazine Will take place at Power of Women bash in NYC Harry Potter actor breaks down in tears when he is reunited with beloved dog two weeks after horror crash left him with a punctured lung and a broken neck 'Hero's homecoming': Chance The Rapper will headline this year's Lollapalooza in his native Chicago Festival announced its line-up Wednesday Celebrity trainer secrets: How Hollywood BFFs Michelle Williams and Busy Philipps stay in shape thanks to dance guru Lauren Kleban  'I live vicariously': Lady Gaga's ex Taylor Kinney insists his only romantic liaisons are in character on Chicago Fire The 35-year-old actor dated Gaga for five years Hear something funny, Maxima? Dutch queen looks VERY entertained as she listens to a university talk on the effect of music on children's brains Split! Ashley Olsen, 30, ends relationship with financier Richard Sachs, 58, after five months of dating Full House star wants to focus on fashion empire   Mom-of-two Savannah Guthrie admits she was very 'superstitious' about being pregnant at 45, revealing that she 'just hoped everything would turn out okay'  'The world has seen me nude BY CHOICE!': Demi Lovato brushes off hackers who put her sexy personal snaps on the Internet The singer took to Twitter 'Sometimes things can get tough': The Bachelor's Nick Viall and Vanessa Grimaldi address critics who call their interaction 'awkward' 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Date night! Michael Phelps and wife Nicole leave their baby son Boomer at home as they head to Lakers basketball game together in LA A surprise and a blessing! Power star Naturi Naughton, 32, reveals she is expecting first baby with boyfriend Ben after keeping news a secret while filming  Pregnant Bristol Palin's eight-year-old son Tripp reveals he has a GIRLFRIEND while playfully firing back at his mom after she says he's too young to date 'They are talking directly to each other': Brad Pitt 'happy' he is getting along better with Angelina Jolie six months after she filed for divorce Radiant and youthful Eva Longoria brightens up a rainy LA day on lunch outing  Desperate Housewives star just celebrated her 42nd birthday Just a bit of Formula Fun? Sofia Richie, 18, sparks further romance rumors with hunky Lewis Hamilton, 32... as they like each other's sizzling selfies 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his baskside 'It's hurtful and humiliating!' Richard Simmons' manager slams podcast about star's 'disappearance'... and denies he is transitioning into woman 'Were people doing coke in your bathroom?' Lisa Rinna confronts Dorit Kemsley about cocaine use during explosive confrontation on RHOBH 'It's a great side effect': RHOBH's Erika Girardi proudly displays her slimmer physique from competing on Dancing With The Stars  Looking good at 45 Chuck Berry's last album will be released on June 16, it emerges as the first single is unveiled  The 90-year-old died in Missouri on Saturday 'As a woman in Hollywood you just can't win': Lena Dunham describes the criticism she received online after losing weight  She was talking to Ellen Sweet tooth: Ivanka Trump indulges in some ice cream as she and Jared take their three kids and nephew out after a day on the Aspen slopes  Bra-flashing Ariel Winter puts on a VERY sexy display as she sports sheer top with thigh-high boots while clutching a cigar on Beijing night out Has the bromance ended? Jake Gyllenhaal complains that Life co-star Ryan Reynolds took 'three to five hours' in makeup and jokes his acting isn't very good  My bagels bring all the boys to the yard! Topless Ashley Graham bounces her breasts while using bread as a bra in Instagram video A 'see everything' bagel 'I was scared for my life': Wyclef Jean recounts moment deputies pulled him out his car at gunpoint and says he was 'targeted because he was black'  Peek-a-booty! Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Siggy Flicker exposes her pert derriere while getting her mic adjusted during filming Gong Show host Chuck Barris who once claimed his TV game show hits were a cover for his work as a CIA assassin dies in New York at age 87 Slimmed-down Jonah Hill looks almost unrecognizable as he sports blond wig, bushy beard and 70s ensemble on the the set of his new drama Model behavior: Kara Del Toro shows some cleavage in a plunging nude dress as she joins AnnaLynne McCord and Samantha Hoopes at fashion bash Robin Thicke's model girlfriend April Love Geary flashes underboob and her peachy posterior in a VERY skimpy white swimsuit  Who's that boy? Paris Jackson enjoys casual date with handsome mystery man as they eat fried chicken in NYC She was spotted in Harlem with her date  Bella Hadid shares a steamy shot of her herself relaxing in a nude swimsuit on Jamaica getaway... before uploading racy topless image Coco Austin enjoys naptime snuggle with baby Chanel and reveals she is 'still going strong' with breastfeeding at 15 months No raining on her parade! Camilla is all smiles on a drizzly day in eastern England as she joins school children in the kitchen to decorate cupcakes   Slam dunk! Casually clad Daisy Ridley gets into the spirit of things as she puts on a high energy display while enjoying Clippers-Lakers game in LA New hair, don't care! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi trades her platinum blonde locks for new raven hairdo in busty selfie Cheeky Fox! Megan highlights her behind in latex and spike heels for Frederick's Of Hollywood lingerie ad The mom-of-three wowed in sultry outfit 'So mesmerized by your body': Gwen Stefani praises hunky singer on The Voice as her beau Blake Shelton looks on Country star's reaction was priceless 'Happy place': Emily Ratajkowski flashes her eye-popping cleavage in bandeau bikini as she continues blissful Mexican break Topping up her tan Proud papa! Moonlight star Mahershala Ali shares precious new photo of baby daughter Bari who was born just four days before his historic Oscar win Her little cub! Kim Kardashian and adorably cute North West, three, sport sweet animal ears as they play around with fun filters on Snapchat Plaid's the way to do it! Paris Jackson keeps it casual in a check shirt and jeans as she steps out in NYC after fried chicken date with a mystery man Stephen Belafonte is spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife Making a splash! Orlando Bloom bravely LEAPS off yacht during luxurious getaway to St. Barts The 40-year-old was spotted with a pal EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm back, b*****s': Lindsay Lohan set to make explosive return to TV... as trailer for new social media reality series is leaked online 'Go girl! Do your thing!' Noah Cyrus defends her sister Miley's scantily clad X-rated stage shenanigans as she embarks on her own singing career Glee star Lauren Potter looks lovely in blue leopard print dress as she celebrates World Down Syndrome Day with movie screening  She has a new beau! Elizabeth Olsen can't wipe the smile off her face as she's pictured holding hands with new musician beau Robbie Arnett in NYC Family man! Doting dad Ben Affleck spends quality time with daughters Violet and Seraphina   Enjoying family time since rehab revelation  Proud new parents! The Walking Dead's Steven Yeun and new bride Joana Pak have welcomed their first baby Louis Tomlinson is spotted with girlfriend Eleanor Calder for first time since airport altercation... days before he is due to appear in LA court on assault charge In control! Paula Patton gets behind the wheel as she films new TV show on location in Vancouver The actress, 41, is getting back to work  iHeart attack! Demi Lovato headlines charity concert for Musicians On Call honoring radio host Elvis Duran in New York City after nudes leaked in hack It's all in the facial expressions! Alec Baldwin hilariously teaches a 12-year-old reporter how to impersonate Donald Trump Beam him OUT! William Shatner starts campaign on Twitter to 'knock' Bachelor Nick Viall out of DWTS competition 'I wanted the world to know': Family of Selena Quintanilla remember Tejano star on 20th anniversary of biopic Was memorialized by Jennifer Lopez in 1995 Ageless beauty! Original Charlie's Angel Jaclyn Smith gets herself 'glammed up' for Kmart photo shoot Keith Urban reveals he once flew from the States to see his then-pregnant wife Nicole Kidman in Australia for just FIVE hours Daddy's girl! Ashton Kutcher buys a hot pink lunch box for his daughter Wyatt, two, during errands run in LA The movie star looked every bit the doting father Plastic fantastic! Iggy Azalea twerks in latex boots and lingerie as she releases raunchy teaser for her new single Mo Bounce  Ridin' Solo no more! Jason Derulo reveals he has a secret girlfriend... but won't go public with her after string of high profile splits Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry says she's 'ready to end this chapter of her life' after drama with ex Javi Marroquin She is looking to sort out her issues  Taking her for a ride! Joshua Jackson dashes back to car after lunch... then picks up mystery woman as it pours in Los Angeles  Hitting a fashion high note! American Idol beauties Jordin Sparks and Pia Toscano show off killer curves at benefit bash Stranger fangs: Rita Ora puts her money where her mouth is as she steps out for a night of partying wearing gleaming gold grills  Michael Jackson's brother Jermaine 'made the King of Pop's mother disappear and got her to sign a restraining order against the nephew that cares for her' Kaley Cuoco takes beloved dog Norman to the animal hospital after the announcement that Big Bang Theory is getting signed on for two more seasons Britney Spears shows off flawless figure as she goes bra-less in off-the-shoulder sweater in LA Gave bystanders a glimpse of her tan lines 'We're starting a bromance!' Jake Gyllenhaal reveals producers told him and Ryan Reynolds to 'cut it out' after goofing off on set of sci-fi film Life Her sporty side! Kourtney Kardashian steps out in Adidas tracksuit with a skintight bodysuit while taking son Mason to art class Spotted in Woodland 'She tucked me into bed, kissed me and called me a prince!' Charlie Sheen recalls his strange night with Lindsay Lohan and says he gave her $250k Scarlett Johansson is the picture of confidence in quirky feathered mini dress and studded boots at Ghost In The Shell premiere in Paris Actor Mike Epps' ex Mechelle seeking $109K in monthly child and spousal support amid split She told the court he earns $3.5m a year  Hilary Duff looks snug in cream sweater as she steps out laden with armfuls of clothing in LA The 29-year-old actress was spotted carrying an armful of clothing Rupert Grint reveals he's been secretly moonlighting as Ed Sheeran in hilarious parody video... after admitting he gets mistaken for singer RHOA star Kandi Burruss gets writing credit on Ed Sheeran's Shape Of You after fans spot similarities to TLC's No Scrubs Close comparison  Two words, five syllables! Jessica Chastain takes on Joe Manganiello in a game of charades on Tonight Show TV or film? Today's headlines Most Read The incredible survival story of woman who ran out of gas near the Grand Canyon and used her wits to stay... American man who was on a tour of Europe is named as victim of London terror attack that also left his wife... BREAKING NEWS: Man arrested after trying to drive a car into a crowd on a busy shopping street in Antwerp BREAKING NEWS: ISIS claims responsibility for London attack - as PM reveals killer was British-born jihadist... 'My thoughts, prayers and deepest sympathy are with all those who have been affected': Queen pays tribute to... 'My life has completely fallen apart': Husband's grief after his wife was murdered on Westminster Bridge in... 'They will not silence our democracy': PM vows defiance as House of Commons condemns 'sickening' terror... 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal... Moment Thames cruise ship helps to pluck Romanian tourist from the water after she plunged 20ft to safety  Terrorist on the rampage: Chilling footage shows London terror attacker’s car speeding along the pavement of... 'Killed on the Death Bridge': How the world's media has reacted to the Westminster atrocity Tears for the hero: MPs weep in the chamber for policeman murdered in London terror attack as former army... French school devastated by London attack with three pupils injured had already lost a former student in the... How heroic Team GB boxing coach jumped over a fence and tried to save police officer killed in London terror... 'There are ground rules…but we have lots of fun': People in open relationships share exactly how they make... Now you're making fried eggs wrong! Secret hack reveals how to get them perfectly crispy (and the key is... 'We were fortunate enough to have two uteruses': Transgender MAN gives birth to his own daughter after his... Tragedy as mom, 30, beats cervical cancer during pregnancy only to die from heart failure one day after... 'I'm president and you're not' Trump tells his critics in Time magazine interview  Now anonymous government officials accuse Trump aides of giving Russians the 'thumbs up' for election hacks:... Revealed: U.S. investigating Paul Manafort's offshore banking transactions through Cyprus as part of federal... EXCLUSIVE: From Sand Lake to Twin Peaks - How one woman's grisly unsolved murder in 1908 inspired the 90s... American-Israeli teenager, 19, is arrested for making hoax bomb threats against US Jewish Community Centers  ISIS burns three women who refused to slaughter their neighbours as they fled Mosul Food up the walls, seats broken and glass smashed: Inside the private jet that plunged 10,000ft after being... Taliban captures crucial city of Sangin where almost a quarter of British troops who died during Afghan... Manhattan real estate broker 'left her 67-year-old boyfriend lying in his own filth for a WEEK after he fell... Parents 'murdered their nine-year-old son and then staged the scene to make it look like their TODDLER... Are your cosmetics AGEING you? Beauty guru shares the tricks to youthful make up - as she sheds years off... MORE HEADLINES The hero of Westminster: Policeman stabbed to death by terrorist is named as death toll rises to FIVE with 40 injured including French students and Korean tourists Terrorist on the rampage: Chilling footage shows London terror attacker’s car speeding along the pavement of Westminster Bridge as one terrified woman PLUNGES into the River Thames EXCLUSIVE: Married with Children star Katey Sagal opens up about 15-year drug addiction, on-and-off affair with 'weird' KISS rocker Gene Simmons and her unrelenting obsession with weight loss in explosive new memoir Police scramble to south London tube station as capital is placed on high terror alert  Scandal on the slopes: Young Ivanka Trump was found hiding out in a boy's hotel room during Aspen family ski trip after Donald reported her missing to police Trump claims he's been 'somewhat' vindicated after Republican intel committee chair says the Obama administration WAS eavesdropping - and may even have picked up his PERSONAL calls Welcome to London: We can say we’re not afraid, light candles and make hearts of our hands but the truth is that we can’t go on like this, says KATIE HOPKINS  'You have to be kidding me?!': Donald Trump Jr reacts to London terror attacks by re-tweeting six-month-old interview in which Mayor Sadiq Khan said such incidents are 'part and parcel' of living in a big city 'A guy was shouting his wife had jumped into the Thames': Eyewitnesses reveal horror of attack  How heroic Team GB boxing coach jumped over a fence and tried to save police officer killed in London terror attack as stories emerge of how brave strangers helped stricken victims 'My life has completely fallen apart': Husband's grief after his wife was murdered on Westminster Bridge in London terror attack on the way to pick up their children from school  Face of the Westminster attacker: Dramatic moment dying knifeman is stretchered away after being shot by police - as it's revealed his car was a £32,000 4x4 Hyundai registered to affluent Essex area Shocking video shows Cash Me Ousside girl fighting with her mother at their Florida home which police have visited more than 50 times in a year EXCLUSIVE: Hillary Clinton waxed nostalgic about her childhood visits to Scranton in a recent speech, but the Rodham cottage often flooded and filled with silt, her great uncle was a crooked councilman and an aunt was madam of the town brothel  BREAKING NEWS: ISIS claims responsibility for London attack - as PM reveals killer was British-born jihadist who was probed by MI5 'some years ago' over links to 'violent extremism'  The incredible survival story of woman who ran out of gas near the Grand Canyon and used her wits to stay alive while she was stranded for FIVE DAYS Dramatic videos capture the moment three shots are fired and people run screaming for their lives as a car mows down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in London terror attack How one open gate let knife maniac in to kill: Police facing serious questions over how knife-wielding terrorist was able to enter Parliamentary estate It's a lawsuit! Father-to-be Josh Duggar gets a special delivery as disgraced reality star is served with a summons after stealing a man's image and using it for his online dating profiles Now anonymous government officials accuse Trump aides of giving Russians the 'thumbs up' for election hacks: New claim in growing feud over Obama administration 'snooping' on Donald Man, 24, who raped a 15-year-old girl and carved his initials into her body before fatally stabbing her in the face 80 times is sentenced to death EXCLUSIVE - Love is in the air: Ivanka Trump drops the kids at ski school and sneaks off to join husband Jared Kushner for an early morning ski run followed by a romantic stroll in Aspen The moment hero passers-by save cop as he is beaten by two motorbikers after dramatic crash during high-speed chase ‘I tried to save him… he’d lost too much blood’: MP whose brother died in Bali attack tells of his battle to save stricken Parliament policeman US Coast Guard search for Florida man, 23, who fell overboard from the eighth deck of Carnival cruise ship off the coast of Cuba  EXCLUSIVE: It's A Family Affair as Mary J. Blige's soon-to-be ex demands $110,000 a month to fund his lavish lifestyle including a private chef and another $10,000 for HIS parents and kids from a past relationship 'This is what's wrong with modern society': Passer-by 'stops to take a SELFIE' in front of victims of the Westminster terror attack  'The Thin Blue Line just got thinner': Tributes pour in for slain police officer as world unites in prayers for London with #wearenotafraid Westminster tube icon  London on high alert: Police urge public to keep off streets of capital as they issue list of NO GO AREAS following Parliament terror attack  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 21 March 2017 | MYT 7:00 AM Billionaire banker and philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 in New York Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly US$2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. NEW YORK: Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the U.S. "gilded" era of robber barons, he was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York's Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolize unpopular U.S. banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings, Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolized by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art - a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organizations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, "Memoirs," in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate "Rockefeller Republicans" wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren.- Reuters Tags / Keywords: Corporate News , Banking , Banking , Oil & Gas Related Stories You May Be Interested Three ways to protect social media accounts from pirates and hackers Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Doctors no different from soldiers Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? You May Be Interested Three ways to protect social media accounts from pirates and hackers Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Doctors no different from soldiers Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? Others Also Read Firefighters remove python found under car bonnet Taking Earth Hour beyond 60 minutes Apple woos developers by making concessions in App Store revamp Property Related advertisement Latest News Taiwan unveils RM128bil stimulus amid uncertainty over US, China Executing it right EU says considering lower requirements for fintech services Malaysia-EU trade to grow by 20%-30% with FTA Late selling sends KLCI down 1.3 points Most Viewed in Business Executing it right Ringgit continues downward trend against us$ early Thursday Geely pulls out of buying Malaysia’s Proton, as its profits surge by 126% Maybank and CIMB to enable Alipay mobile wallet in Malaysia Highlights of Bank Negara Annual Report 2016 Late selling sends KLCI down 1.3 points Malaysia Airlines seeks new widebody planes as jets fill up Bank Negara: 1992 forex losses investigation underway Eco World International’s IPO oversubscribed nearly 9 times Malaysia-EU trade to grow by 20%-30% with FTA advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 78° Scattered Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Trump lawyers ask court to move quickly on travel ban appeal Posted: March 22, 2017 - 9:59 am AP New! RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Donald Trump's administration is asking a U.S. court to quickly hear its appeal of a ruling that blocked the president's revised travel ban. Comments (0) KPD asking for help with finding runaway Posted: March 22, 2017 - 9:51 am LIHUE — The Kauai Police Department is asking for the public’s help in locating a runaway. Comments (0) Recent High Court bolsters rights of learning-disabled students AP Exclusive: Trump campaign chief linked to Putin interests US tells allies to do more amid new offensive against IS Trump feels 'somewhat' vindicated after Nunes intel briefing House intel chair briefs Trump on 'incidental' intelligence collection, says some seems 'inappropriate' Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Glory days returning to UH softball? Posted: March 22, 2017 - 12:05 am More than basketball, more than football, maybe even more than women’s volleyball, the most exciting team competing for UH Manoa recently has been Wahine softball. In 2010, UH took us on a crazy ride all the way to the College World Series, toppling a touted Alabama squad in the Super Regional before moving on to Oklahoma City. Comments (0) Holes-in-one at Kiahuna Posted: March 22, 2017 - 12:05 am Robert Philipson of Koloa recently made a hole-in-one at the Kiahuna Golf Club. Comments (0) Recent Mini triathlon April 22 in Mana Keep working for states Maddie, Tanaka share ‘Swimmer’ honor Pickleball tourney starts Thursday Warriors claim first-round title Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Gene therapy may hold promise in treatment of hemophilia Posted: March 22, 2017 - 1:00 am Scientists at the Center for Cardiovascular Research at the University of Hawaii John A. Burns School of Medicine hope that patients with hemophilia could one day be treated with gene therapy delivered by tiny bubbles. Comments (0) ‘Greatest Garage Sale Ever’ find is out there Posted: March 22, 2017 - 12:15 am The Rotary Club of Hanalei Bay is responsible for feeding my addiction. Comments (0) Recent ￼Why is your diet not working? How to file a complaint against your Medicare drug or health plan Employment training for youth Learn from dairy on the Big Island Spring learning of bees a buzzing Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Things you should know when celebrating St. Patrick’s Day Updated: March 17, 2017 - 11:03 am My parents were born and raised in Dublin, Ireland, in the 60s. In case you were wondering, yes, they have very thick Irish accents. Comments (0) Kauai’s premiere Irish band, Whiskey-O, will perform this Sunday Posted: March 17, 2017 - 1:00 am LIHUE — This St. Patrick’s Day weekend, you don’t have to travel 6,980 miles to hear quality Irish music as Whiskey-O is bringing the songs of the Emerald Isle to the Garden Isle this Sunday at the Kauai War Memorial Convention Hall. Comments (0) Recent ‘Kupaoa’ takes EKK stage Monday ‘One Fine Evening’ Turn to the stars for true love Island Calendar for Friday, March 17, 2017 TGIFr!day for March 17, 2017 Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 Story Comments Image (7) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Ray Howard Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 FILE - In this June 16, 1982, file photo, David Rockefeller, second left, Rockefeller Center chairman and Center President Richard H. Voell, left, and New York City Board of Education President Joseph Barker, right, begin to slice up an eight-foot-tall culinary replica of Rockefeller Center in New York. The occasion marked the 50th birthday celebration of the midtown building complex. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/Ray Howard, File) Ira Schwarz Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 FILE - In this May 8, 1984 file photo, David Rockefeller, left, chairman of the Council Americas, shakes hands with President Ronald Reagan at the State Department in Washington. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/Ira Schwarz, File) STF Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 FILE - In this March 10, 1971, file photo, David Rockefeller, left, chairman of the Chase Manhattan Bank, talks with Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir after his arrival in Israel. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/File) STF Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 FILE - In this June 1973, file photo, David Rockefeller, left, meets with with Chinese Premier Chou En-lai in Peking. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/File) Richard Drew Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 FILE - In this May 15, 2007, file photo, David Rockefeller participates in the C40 Large Cities Climate Summit in New York. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. He was 101 years old. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) STF Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 FILE - In this Nov. 28, 1967, file photo, the five Rockefeller Brothers pose for photos in New York as they gather to receive gold medals from the National Institute of social sciences. From left are: David Rockefeller, President of the Chase Manhattan Bank; Winthrop Rockefeller, Governor of Arkansas; Frank Pace, President of the NISS; John D. Rockefeller 3rd, Chairman of the Rockefeller Foundation; Nelson Rockefeller, Governor of New York; and Laurence Rockefeller, a conservation adviser to President Johnson. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died. David Rockefeller was 101 years old. (AP Photo/File) D. Pickoff Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 FILE - In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/D. Pickoff, File) Posted: Monday, March 20, 2017 10:52 am Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 Associated Press | 0 comments NEW YORK (AP) — David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that "touched and lifted innumerable lives," Rockefeller's "connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included," said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a "wonderful friend" to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. "Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad," former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. "His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more." Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business HTML: U.S. Poultry Slaughter 1986-2015 ARTICLE: Expert: Bird flu outbreak nation's worst since 2015 The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill ARTICLE: The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill More about General News HTML: U.S. Poultry Slaughter 1986-2015 ARTICLE: Expert: Bird flu outbreak nation's worst since 2015 The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill ARTICLE: The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill More about Government And Politics HTML: U.S. Poultry Slaughter 1986-2015 ARTICLE: Expert: Bird flu outbreak nation's worst since 2015 The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill ARTICLE: The Latest: Disability rights group protests health bill Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National on Monday, March 20, 2017 10:52 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Government And Politics, Painting, Visual Arts, Arts And Entertainment, Obituaries | Location Tags: New York City, New York, United States, North America Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Jeff Stone plans 80-unit luxury hotel; limits may be lifted on Hanalei water sports activities Trump supporters call for Hawaii boycott after travel-ban block 80-unit luxury hotel planned; boating limits may be lifted Eleele man films orcas by Niihau Texeira, Kona accused of murder All Trump supporters call for Hawaii boycott after travel-ban block (70) Pesticide bill will be put to a vote (29) Pesticide disclosure bill nixed (21) Meeting attendees want Keahua bridge dismantled (15) 80-unit luxury hotel planned; boating limits may be lifted (15) Follow us on Facebook Promos Island Calendar for Friday, March 17, 2017 Friday, March 17 article events-calendar pause Online poll Mayor Bernard Carvalho, Jr.’s proposed $204 million operating budget for fiscal year 2017-2018 is: Total Votes: 345 Too much 263 76% Too little 36 10% Just right 46 13% Loading… Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us BREAKING NEWS LIVE PUPPY CAM: Free Houston SPCA adoptions at ABC13 studios Full Story Email NEWS Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 at home Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1809914" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Rockefeller's spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel, says he died peacefully in his sleep Monday morning at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York. (AP Photo/Michael C. York) AP Monday, March 20, 2017 07:29PM NEW YORK -- David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." IN MEMORIAM: Celebrities and notable figures who have recently passed away If you're viewing on our ABC13 news app, tap on the photo above to see more images. Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that "touched and lifted innumerable lives," Rockefeller's "connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties - yours truly certainly included," said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a "wonderful friend" to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase - now known as JPMorgan Chase - was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. "Throughout his life, he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad," former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. "His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more." Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children - David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Report a typo to the ABC13 digital staff Related Topics: newsobituarywestchester newsu.s. & worldNew York Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Israeli-American arrested over threats to Jewish centers Army veteran suspected in stabbing targeted black men, police say UK prime minister: British-born London attacker was known to authorities 6th grader accused of selling water snakes as sex toys Parents charged after baby left in parking lot More News Top Stories Parents charged after baby left in parking lot ATM cut open with torch in NE Houston 6th grader accused of selling water snakes as sex toys TOO CUTE: Puppies dressed as Disney characters Tiny girl unsure how she won Mutton Bustin' contest PHOTOS: Chris Young performs at RodeoHouston Two accused of leaving child alone in vehicle Show More Rick Perry upset over A&M election for student president Police: PA boy choked by dog pulling on his scarf dies 7 suspects linked to deadly London attack Why you shouldn't try the 108 prank with Siri Normangee police chief arrested after standoff More News Top Video Two accused of leaving child alone in vehicle 6th grader accused of selling water snakes as sex toys Rick Perry upset over A&M election for student president Tiny girl unsure how she won Mutton Bustin' contest More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas As the performance gap widens between Russia and other emerging markets, the case for buying Moscow shares is getting stronger. (FeelPic/Getty Images/iStockphoto) As the performance gap widens between Russia and other emerging markets, the case for buying Moscow shares is getting stronger. (FeelPic/Getty Images/iStockphoto) EMERGING MARKETS World’s best dividends go unnoticed as Russian stocks lag behind Add to ... KSENIA GALOUCHKO MOSCOW — Bloomberg News Published Monday, Mar. 20, 2017 6:08PM EDT Last updated Monday, Mar. 20, 2017 6:20PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print The world’s most generous dividends are going a-begging as the strongest quarterly rally since 2012 in emerging markets leaves Russian stocks behind. Investors are ignoring an estimated payout of 5.3 per cent in the next 12 months as they dump Moscow-listed shares on concerns the United States won’t ease sanctions on Russia as quickly as previously expected. The dividend yield is the highest among markets with at least $100-billion (U.S.) in capitalization, and is even higher than sovereign-bond yields. But Russia still struggles to attract inflows. As the performance gap widens between Russia and other emerging markets, the case for buying Moscow shares is getting stronger. Some investors are turning cautious on the rally from India to South Africa and Mexico, as valuations become expensive and volatility tightens to levels that preceded market declines in the past. If those markets stall, a portfolio with higher dividend yields – such as Russia’s – may outperform. “In other markets, such a yield costs double in stock valuations,” said Ekaterina Iliouchenko, a money manager at Union Investment in Frankfurt, who oversees about $215-million in eastern European assets. “While the Trump rally is over, unless oil collapses, strong crude and good corporate financial results should bring investors back to the Russian market.” The benchmark Micex index has dropped 8.6 per cent this quarter, compared with a gain of 13 per cent for the MSCI Emerging Markets index. That’s made Russia look cheap. Micex stocks offer the highest dividends relative to their peers since 2008. Earnings estimates on the dollar-denominated benchmark, the RTS index, have increased three times as fast as the MSCI gauge in the past 12 months. The biggest Russian equity exchange-traded fund, VanEck Vectors Russia, had an inflow of $17.5-million on Friday, the largest since Jan. 30. But some on the Street are skeptical. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Monday cut the Russian stock market to “neutral” from “overweight,” citing the recent oil price decline and the fact that Russia is the “biggest overweight among global emerging-market investors.” This follows Bank of America Corp.’s downgrade to neutral last Thursday, which cited concerns that commodity prices may come under pressure as China tightens its monetary policy. While Micex valuation measures are tempting, investors remain concerned about the two other factors that typically define their interest in Russian assets. They are watching the oil price outlook and the contours of the U.S.-Russian relationship. “The high dividend yield is an argument in Russia’s favour. However, the dividend yield alone isn’t enough for the Russian market rally to resume. It needs a different trigger,” said Elena Loven, who helps manage more than $1.1-billion in Russian stocks at Swedbank Robur in Stockholm. “I think the Russian market can go lower from current levels. Right now, the stock market isn’t so cheap anymore. “Many investors are turning negative on oil’s prospects, the optimism that sanctions will be eased quickly has soured. People are taking profits and don’t have high hopes for the market. It doesn’t make sense to buy Russian stocks just for the sake of dividends.” Mattias Westman, the London-based founder of Prosperity Capital Management, which oversees about $3.4-billion in assets from Russia and former Soviet republics, said “the high dividend yield is very attractive. It shows that Russian companies are highly cash-flow generative and that capex discipline is much better than some years ago. “The market is driven by many things, including geopolitical speculation and commodity prices. But over time, only cash flow determines the value of companies and these dividends are very helpful. In addition, Russia investors will receive large dividend flows and much of this will probably be reinvested.” Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Europe's markets tighten in wake of Fed decision (Reuters)   More Related to this Story TOP LINKS ‘3 oil stocks I’d buy right now’ Oil settles a tad lower after sliding to 3-month lows Oil drops to lowest since OPEC deal as U.S. crude slips below $50 Topics United States of America Moscow Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Globe Drive We experience many firsts driving the Ferrari-fast Tesla Model X News Opinion: John Ibbitson: Liberal budget touts innovation, but really offers nothing Report on Business Budget 'business as usual' says TD's chief economist Technology Apple unveils new iPad, updated iPhone News Raw video shows aftermath of two incidents near the British parliament News Rona Ambrose, Tom Mulcair slam federal budget News PM May: London attacker was British born, known to intelligence services News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station Life Amputee man adopts amputee dog News British MP gives account of incidents at U.K. parliament News Police make arrests in probe into UK parliament attack Life Baby Dominique, born with four legs, recovering from surgery ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Drive Ten great cars for the realities of city driving Report on Business Study shows the power of entrepreneurship training programs for women, minorities More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor There’s always a reason to sell stocks Arts Canada Council cruises through budget as U.S. arts fund faces attack Most popular U.K. attacker was British-born man; eight others arrested 2017 federal budget highlights: 10 things you need to know March 23: Your daily horoscope Ten ways the 2017 federal budget will affect your personal finances Liberals defer major tax pledge in 2017 federal budget X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 12 P/CLOUDY TOKYO (10 p.m.) Markets 111.25 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ David Rockefeller poses in a Paris bookshop during the presentation of his book 'Memoires' in 2006. Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and luminary in political and philanthropic circles, died on Monday at the age of 101, a spokesman said. | AFP-JIJI World David Rockefeller, last of generation in family of philanthropists, dies at 101 AP Mar 21, 2017 Article history Online: Mar 21, 2017 Last Modified: Mar 21, 2017 PRINT SHARE NEW YORK – David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family’s fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. “No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller,” said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. “I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called.” Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as “the cousins,” are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that “touched and lifted innumerable lives,” Rockefeller’s “connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included,” said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a “wonderful friend” to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. Embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller’s later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords New York, obituary, David Rockefeller, John D. Rockefeller World Bird flu outbreak called America’s worst since 2015 Russia underplayed losses in recapture of Syria’s Palmyra Dinosaur-egg bandits caught Chinese police arrest U.S. police search for suspects in teen gang rape streamed on Facebook Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Cherry blossoms get an early start in Tokyo despite chilly, wet weather Norway ranked world’s happiest country; Japan places No. 51: U.N. report Watch, read, rewind: using Netflix to boost your Japanese Controversial conspiracy bill approved by Abe Cabinet Nearly a quarter of Japanese have considered suicide, government survey says Tokyo returns to world’s 10 priciest cities as Asia dominates list Flawed system cost Honda second world junior title Japan falls to U.S. in World Baseball Classic semifinal Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Caleres Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caleres Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Caleres Inc (CAL) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Caleres Inc (NYSE:CAL) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Monday. According to Zacks, “Caleres, Inc. is a footwear retailer and wholesaler. The Company is involved in the operation of retail shoe stores and e-commerce Websites as well as the design, sourcing and marketing of footwear for women and men. Its operating segment consists of Famous Footwear and Brand Portfolio. The company brands include Nike, Skechers, Bearpaw, Converse, Vans, New Balance, adidas, Asics, Sperry and Sof Sole, LifeStride, Dr. Scholl’s, Fergalicious, Naturalizer and Carlos. Caleres, Inc., formerly known as Brown Shoe Company, Inc., is headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri. “ Several other brokerages have also weighed in on CAL. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $27.00 price objective (up previously from $24.00) on shares of Caleres in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $31.00 price objective on shares of Caleres in a report on Monday. Morgan Stanley upgraded Caleres from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $33.00 to $37.00 in a report on Friday, March 3rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, CL King lowered Caleres from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $31.17. Caleres (NYSE:CAL) traded down 5.90% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $26.30. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 940,113 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.64 and a beta of 0.61. Caleres has a 1-year low of $21.27 and a 1-year high of $36.61. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $30.41 and a 200 day moving average of $29.14. Caleres (NYSE:CAL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 16th. The company reported $0.33 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.05. The firm earned $639.49 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $630.22 million. Caleres had a net margin of 3.28% and a return on equity of 13.54%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.26 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Caleres will post $2.31 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, March 21st will be issued a $0.07 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, March 17th. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.06%. Caleres’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 14.43%. Your IP Address: In other news, insider Daniel R. Freidman sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.63, for a total transaction of $153,150.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 77,373 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,369,934.99. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Daniel R. Freidman sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $32.00, for a total value of $64,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 84,373 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,699,936. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 43,630 shares of company stock valued at $1,470,658. Insiders own 3.20% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Caleres by 8.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,067,758 shares of the company’s stock valued at $77,584,000 after buying an additional 230,781 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Caleres by 0.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 196,451 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,968,000 after buying an additional 1,526 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Caleres by 15.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 528,094 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,356,000 after buying an additional 71,077 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of Caleres by 26.1% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 25,098 shares of the company’s stock valued at $635,000 after buying an additional 5,200 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Caleres by 1.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 573,955 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,515,000 after buying an additional 10,082 shares in the last quarter. 85.77% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Caleres Company Profile Caleres, Inc, formerly Brown Shoe Company, Inc, is a global footwear retailer and wholesaler. The Company is engaged in the operation of retail shoe stores and e-commerce Websites, as well as the design, sourcing and marketing of footwear for women and men. It operates through two segments: Famous Footwear, which includes its Famous Footwear stores and Famous.com, and Brand Portfolio, which offers retailers and consumers a portfolio of brands from its Healthy Living and Contemporary Fashion platforms. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Caleres (CAL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Caleres Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caleres Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) EVP David Pass Sells 1,500 Shares of Stock Next » CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) Director Mary M. White Sells 741 Shares Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 外資系転職 広告掲載 Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 By DEEPTI HAJELA World Mar. 21, 2017 - 06:22AM JST ( 8 ) David Rockefeller, Nelson Rockefeller, Winthrop Rockefeller, John Rockefeller, Laurence Rocekefeller, Frank Pace FILE - In this Nov. 28, 1967, file photo, the five Rockefeller Brothers pose for photos in New York as they gather to receive gold medals from the National Institute of social sciences. From left are: David Rockefeller, President of the Chase Manhattan Bank; Winthrop Rockefeller, Governor of Arkansas; Frank Pace, President of the NISS; John D. Rockefeller 3rd, Chairman of the Rockefeller Foundation; Nelson Rockefeller, Governor of New York; and Laurence Rockefeller, a conservation adviser to President Johnson. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died. David Rockefeller was 101 years old. (AP Photo/File) NEW YORK — David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family’s fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. “No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller,” said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. “I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called.” Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as “the cousins,” are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that “touched and lifted innumerable lives,” Rockefeller’s “connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included,” said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a “wonderful friend” to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller’s later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, in 1998. “Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad,” former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. “His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more.” Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tweet Back to top Order by Time Order by Popularity 8 Comments Login to comment 2 PTownsendMar. 21, 2017 - 07:31AM JST American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. It's easy to criticize the Rockefellers and other families whose fortunes have stemmed from the exploits of their robber baron ancestors. There's no question their empires were created using lots of nasty tactics. But at least the Rockefellers, Vanderbilts, Carnegies etal contributed billions to establish foundations that have funded universities, hospitals and numerous organizations that continue to benefit the public at large. In stark contrast to the Trumps of the world who create foundations for the purpose of increasing their own personal wealth. 5 CrazyJoeMar. 21, 2017 - 07:56AM JST “Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad,” And Donald Trump? What's he done for the world or the nation? They don't make billionaires like they used to. 1 Burning BushMar. 21, 2017 - 09:09AM JST Every University that Rockefeller funded was given a list of subjects, fields and professors to promote. Universities that refused to comply for reasons of independence had their funding withdrawn. There's no such thing as a free lunch. -1 PTownsendMar. 21, 2017 - 09:40AM JST @rbBush Every University that Rockefeller funded was given a list of subjects, fields and professors to promote If your point is that there have always been tradeoffs to receiving funding from foundations, of course you're right. But once again I think you're writing just to say something negative about western institutions, this time western foundations. I suggest you look at how Rockefeller Foundation grants have been used at the University of Chicago, Johns Hopkins University, among dozens of other universities and research organizations worldwide. Do Russian oligarchs have foundations that help support public education in Russia? If so, are they 'given a list of subjects, fields and professors to promote'? 0 Burning BushMar. 21, 2017 - 09:50AM JST Do Russian oligarchs have foundations that help support public education in Russia? If so, are they 'given a list of subjects, fields and professors to promote'? How am I supposed to know? And what's your obsessive beef with Russia? I don't see Russia listed anywhere in the article? -1 PTownsendMar. 21, 2017 - 11:30AM JST @rbBush And what's your obsessive beef with Russia? Counter: what's your obsessive beef with western institutions? Serious question: why would anyone say anything positive about Russia unless they were Russian? 1 Burning BushMar. 21, 2017 - 12:05PM JST Counter: what's your obsessive beef with western institutions? The article and the comments are about Rockefeller and his professed generosity. My comments are not limited to Western institutions, as Rockefeller contributed to institutions all over the world, including in Russia. In fact Rockefeller was one of the few American Powerbrokers to have regularly met with high ranking officials of the USSR during the Cold War. Nowhere did I demean anything Western nor tout anything Russian, you're merely imagining as such. As usual, you used the comments section of this article to childishly lash out against the object of your hate and obsession, that being Russians. 0 scoobydooMar. 21, 2017 - 06:37PM JST Lot of people here have not studied anything about Rockefella. Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight Continuing Education: Seminars and Workshops in April Temple University, Japan CampusContinuing Education / MBA Where to Find the Most Beautiful Cherry Blossom Spot in Tokyo Ms GreenTravel / Hotels Undergraduate: Information session (April 9) Temple University, Japan CampusContinuing Education / MBA Special Offers Happy Hour Alert! St. Patrick's Day At The Dubliners' Irish Pub Offer ends: n/a グローバルに 活躍したいあなたへ 外資系転職 バイリンガル人材の ための求人サイト 見てみる More in World British police arrest seven in raids over deadly Westminster attack Mar. 23, 2017 - 05:10PM JST ( 12 ) South Korean ferry that sank 3 years ago lifted from sea Mar. 23, 2017 - 12:17PM JST ( 2 ) Facebook rape stirs questions about witnessing crimes online Mar. 23, 2017 - 11:17AM JST ( 4 ) Trump fights for support ahead of healthcare vote Mar. 23, 2017 - 06:25AM JST ( 14 ) Spying claim by House intelligence committee chairman renews fight over Russia probe Mar. 23, 2017 - 06:20AM JST ( 71 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 Spying claim by House intelligence committee chairman renews fight over Russia probe 70 2 5 dead, 40 injured in attack at British Parliament 59 3 School operator head testifies in Diet he got Y1 mil donation from Akie Abe 39 4 Man sentenced to death for killing 5 neighbors on Awaji Island 27 5 The Japanese way of disciplining children 22 View all BakabonPapa Mar. 23, 2017 - 10:43PM JST The PM's salvation is just around the corner - that good ol' virtuous cycle of Abenomics!… Posted in: School operator head testifies in Diet he got Y1 mil donation from Akie Abe bass4funk Mar. 23, 2017 - 10:41PM JST There are a number of investigations, the Senate, the House, and the FBI counter-intelligence. These investigations… Posted in: Spying claim by House intelligence committee chairman renews fight over Russia probe Strangerland Mar. 23, 2017 - 10:38PM JST The intent is what matters, not the casualty count. So an incident where someone intends to… Posted in: 5 dead, 40 injured in attack at British Parliament vallum Mar. 23, 2017 - 10:35PM JST Ah_so wrote on Mar. 23, 2017 - 08:22AM JST But that isn't just the occasional fan,… Posted in: Japan's oldest porn queen retires -- at 80 Strangerland Mar. 23, 2017 - 10:34PM JST By the system I mean all - from local constabulary & local officials, the judiciary, the… Posted in: Man sentenced to death for killing 5 neighbors on Awaji Island View all Find Your Apartment in Japan 10,000’s of properties available today! Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us 日本の読者様へ facebook twitter RSS
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Commuting Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dead at 101 Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press Follow on Twitter on March 20, 2017 at 1:06 PM, updated March 20, 2017 at 1:23 PM comments NEW YORK -- David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that "touched and lifted innumerable lives," Rockefeller's "connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties -- yours truly certainly included," said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a "wonderful friend" to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase -- now known as JPMorgan Chase -- was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children -- David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. -- The Associated Press  Video of the Day Nominate your company for a Top Workplaces award Most Read Business Briefing The top business headlines of the day delivered to your inbox. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 - KFDA - NewsChannel 10 / Amarillo News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home NewsChannel 10 TOO Telemundo Amarillo Mundo FM 102.9 Texas News Now News Pay It Forward Perspective with Brent McClure National International Courts & Crimes The Early Show Money & Business Eastern New Mexico Weather Weather Main StormTrack 10 Interactive Radar NewsChannel 10 SkyTracker Camera - Boyd's Equipment I-27 & Arden Rd NewsChannel 10 SkyTracker Camera - First Baptist Church - Downtown Video Sports Local Sports Texas Sports Headlines Sports Galleries Realtime Brackets sponsored by All Star Dodge Recipes LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Community Food Entertainment Health SLIDESHOWS About Us Main Contact Info Jobs at NewsChannel 10 TV Programming Watch CBS Programming Online here! KFDA, KEYU and KEYU-FM: Job Openings KFDA Annual EEO Public File Report 2015-2016 Closed Captioning Certification News Staff Contests & Coupons Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 2017-03-20T20:56:13Z2017-03-20T20:56:24Z David Rockefeller smiles during a ceremony at Mount Desert, ME. (Source: AP/ Michael C. York) By DEEPTI HAJELA Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) - David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that "touched and lifted innumerable lives," Rockefeller's "connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties - yours truly certainly included," said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a "wonderful friend" to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase - now known as JPMorgan Chase - was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. "Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad," former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. "His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more." Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children - David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. AP National News VideoMore>> Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids Spying claim by Intel chair renews fight over Russia probe Spying claim by Intel chair renews fight over Russia probe The chairman of the House intelligence committee says President Donald Trump's communications may have been "monitored" during the transition period in an "incidental collection.". The chairman of the House intelligence committee says President Donald Trump's communications may have been "monitored" during the transition period in an "incidental collection.". Police: White sword killer went to NY to attack black people Police: White sword killer went to NY to attack black people Police say a white man accused of stabbing a black man to death with a sword in New York told investigators he traveled to the media capital of the world to make a statement and attack black people Police say a white man accused of stabbing a black man to death with a sword in New York told investigators he traveled to the media capital of the world to make a statement and attack black people AP Exclusive: Before Trump job, Manafort worked to aid Putin AP Exclusive: Before Trump job, Manafort worked to aid Putin The Associated Press has learned that before campaign manager Paul Manafort signed up with Donald Trump, he secretly worked for a Russian billionaire with a plan to "greatly benefit the Putin Government." The Associated Press has learned that before campaign manager Paul Manafort signed up with Donald Trump, he secretly worked for a Russian billionaire with a plan to "greatly benefit the Putin Government." Leaders need votes for health bill on eve of House showdown Leaders need votes for health bill on eve of House showdown President Donald Trump and Republican leaders are lobbying recalcitrant GOP lawmakers to back their health care overhaul President Donald Trump and Republican leaders are lobbying recalcitrant GOP lawmakers to back their health care overhaul    Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101More>> David Rockefeller Sr., billionaire banker and philanthropist, dies at age 101 David Rockefeller Sr., billionaire banker and philanthropist, dies at age 101 Posted: Tuesday, January 3 2017 5:22 PM EST2017-01-03 22:22:08 GMT Updated: Monday, March 20 2017 12:58 PM EDT2017-03-20 16:58:56 GMT David Rockefeller Sr. was a billionaire international banker and philanthropist who was the last surviving grandchild of the Standard Oil founder.   David Rockefeller Sr. was a billionaire international banker and philanthropist who was the last surviving grandchild of the Standard Oil founder.   NationalMore>> Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:21 GMT Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin. Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin. GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:09 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:10 GMT A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters. A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters. Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died. Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died. Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city. Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city. Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids. Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids.    Can't Find Something? 7900 Broadway Amarillo, TX 79105 (806) 383-1010 FCC Public File publicfile@kfda.com (806) 383-1010 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 - WFXG FOX 54 - News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WFXG FOX 54 News and Weather apps Contests NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech National Politics WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS Super Bowl LI SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Traffic Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Weather with Jay Community Calendar ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 2017-03-20T20:56:13Z2017-03-20T20:56:24Z David Rockefeller smiles during a ceremony at Mount Desert, ME. (Source: AP/ Michael C. York) By DEEPTI HAJELA Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) - David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that "touched and lifted innumerable lives," Rockefeller's "connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties - yours truly certainly included," said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a "wonderful friend" to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase - now known as JPMorgan Chase - was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. "Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad," former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. "His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more." Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children - David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More on WFXG.comMore>> David Rockefeller Sr., billionaire banker and philanthropist, dies at age 101 David Rockefeller Sr., billionaire banker and philanthropist, dies at age 101 Posted: Tuesday, January 3 2017 5:22 PM EST2017-01-03 22:22:08 GMT Updated: Monday, March 20 2017 12:58 PM EDT2017-03-20 16:58:56 GMT David Rockefeller Sr. was a billionaire international banker and philanthropist who was the last surviving grandchild of the Standard Oil founder.   More >> David Rockefeller Sr. was a billionaire international banker and philanthropist who was the last surviving grandchild of the Standard Oil founder.  More >> Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 38° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Showers early, then cloudy in the afternoon. High 63F. Winds SE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 50%.. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 58F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: March 23, 2017 @ 6:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 The Associated Press In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/D. Pickoff, File) Michael C. York David Rockefeller smiles as he greets family and friends at a ceremony, Friday, May 22, 2015, in Mount Desert, Maine, marking the gift of 1,000 acres of woodlands, streams, hiking trails and carriage roads abutting Acadia National Park. Rockefeller, the retired CEO of Chase Manhattan Bank and grandson of oil tycoon John Rockefeller Sr., is transferring family property at Little Long Pond in Seal Harbor to the Mount Desert Island & Garden Preserve, describing it as a "gift to all the people of Maine." (AP Photo/Michael C. York) David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 By Deepti Hajela Associated Press Mar 20, 2017 (…) The Associated Press In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/D. Pickoff, File) Michael C. York David Rockefeller smiles as he greets family and friends at a ceremony, Friday, May 22, 2015, in Mount Desert, Maine, marking the gift of 1,000 acres of woodlands, streams, hiking trails and carriage roads abutting Acadia National Park. Rockefeller, the retired CEO of Chase Manhattan Bank and grandson of oil tycoon John Rockefeller Sr., is transferring family property at Little Long Pond in Seal Harbor to the Mount Desert Island & Garden Preserve, describing it as a "gift to all the people of Maine." (AP Photo/Michael C. York) Updated at 3:25 p.m. NEW YORK • David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that "touched and lifted innumerable lives," Rockefeller's "connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included," said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a "wonderful friend" to him and his wife, Barbara. See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. "Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad," former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. "His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more." Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Business General News Obituaries David Rockefeller Politics Economics Institutes View (…) comments Most popular St. Louis office market looks the best it has in years, but clouds on horizon for some areas J.C. Penney lists store closings — and St. Louis dodges a bullet Trump, Koch brothers at odds over 'Trumpcare' vote St. Louis women make inroads into male-dominated liquor business Last historic Pevely building to be demolished, making way for SLU campus expansion Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Stocks mixed ahead of U.S. vote seen as Trump bellwether MSD, city launch program to tear down old houses for green space Slay wants to look at putting Lambert airport under private management Time's running out to nominate a Top Workplace in St. Louis Sears shares sink as creditors, investors fret over going-concern risk Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Tickets on sale now for the 2017 Women of Achievement Luncheon. You could be featured in the Post-Dispatch and STLtoday.com and win $50! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} views Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} Why I'm A Feminist {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By Ross Brown I’ve always known strong women in my life. My first influence was my mother who broke the mold after the Korean War by attending Emory Law School. She was one of two women in her class; the majority of her classmates were Korean War veterans using their GI Bill to attend law school. I also learned at a young age that my grandmother was an incredibly smart and resilient woman and was, in fact, much brighter than my grandfather. Had she lived during a different time, she would have had much greater earning potential than him. Growing up with two women who challenged stereotypes and conventional thinking helped shape my earliest feminist stirrings. From childhood on, I questioned the notion of gender stereotypes that men were somehow superior to women. But I admit that I was still a product of my environment. As a student at West Point and then an officer in the Army for nearly 30 years, I chose a profession and lifestyle that is very male-centric, and one might say, hyper masculine. While I always carried that piece of me that understood women are every bit as capable as men, my everyday life was surrounded by men leading and carrying out important and life-threatening missions. However, in combat in Iraq, I served with a woman named Emily and she was the only female in my one thousand person cavalry squadron. It was around this time that we were just starting to integrate women into all-male combat units. Emily would remind me again of the false narrative regarding a lack of innate equality between men and women. Emily graduated from West Point with honors, was a college soccer player, and her keen intellect resulted in a far better understanding of the enemy than we would have had without her. Emily was smart, tough, and every bit the soldier as anyone else with whom I served. On the battlefield and at home, I encountered fearless and successful women. While I was dating, I knew I wanted to marry a woman in the tradition of those I grew up with, someone who would be a thought partner, an equal in all aspects of our lives and in our relationship. I found in my wife a wonderfully strong and intelligent woman who I am thankful everyday to be able walk through life with. But it wasn’t until I met my daughter and held her in my arms as a newborn baby that feminism became at the forefront of my mind on a daily basis. I instantly knew that I wanted my daughter to have all the opportunities to succeed and to have equal footing with men. How could anyone want less for their daughter than they would for their son, I thought. As I watched her grow and saw the world through her eyes, I felt astutely the obstacles she might face simply because of her gender, because she was born into a world where women weren’t treated equally to men. When I have been able to do so, I worked hard to ensure that the voices around the table were diverse and that women were included in all levels of decision-making. JPMorgan Chase is also committed to that mission. Every day I see outstanding female leadership, including three of the ten highest positions in the firm being led by women. We all carry biases that prevent us from fully understanding the plight of those who are different. Recognizing those is the first step to becoming a better colleague and person. While I claim to be a feminist—I still have work to do. I believe we need to continue to encourage women to participate in STEM, financial services and other fields where men have traditionally dominated. Obstacles still exist-- women must have equal footing so that they don’t have to work twice as hard for half as much reward. As young women see more experienced women succeed financially and in key leadership roles, then they will be encouraged that they too can succeed and companies will understand the need to recognize women in leadership positions. I am encouraged by what I have seen here at JPMorgan Chase and invite my daughter and other women to join our ranks. I can only hope one day to meet my granddaughter and, holding her in my arms like I once did my daughter, know that she’ll be paid equally for the work she does and have all the opportunities that her brother has. I also hope she’ll be as proud as I am of the strong women who came before her and continue to help her grandfather—who is a perpetual work in progress! Ross Brown is managing director and head of Military and Veterans Affairs (MVA) for JPMorgan Chase. In this role, he oversees programs and initiatives related to MVA’s strategic pillars: Veteran Employment, Small Business, and Acquisition and Development. A graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and longtime Veteran of the US Army, Ross brings nearly three decades of military and public service experience to the Firm. Prior to joining JPMorgan Chase, Ross was a senior executive (SES) in the U.S. Department of Defense. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Thursday 23 Mar 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Azul initiates public offering By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · March 20, 2017 Azul S.A. has commenced an initial public offering pursuant to which Azul is offering 63,000,000 preferred shares and certain selling shareholders are offering 9,000,000 preferred shares, for a total of 72,000,000 preferred shares, the company said. The global offering consists of (i) an offering of preferred shares in Brazil by the Brazilian underwriters, and (ii) a concurrent international offering of preferred shares, including in the form of American depositary shares, or ADSs, in the United States and elsewhere outside of Brazil by the international underwriters. Each ADS represents three preferred shares. The selling shareholders intend to grant the international underwriters and Brazilian underwriters an option to purchase for a period of 30 days beginning on the date hereof up to the first day of trading of the preferred shares on the BM&FBOVESPA for 10,800,000 additional preferred shares at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discount to cover options to purchase additional preferred shares. The total amount of preferred shares offered in the global offering, including preferred shares represented by ADSs (but excluding preferred shares that may be sold pursuant to the underwriters´ option described above), may be increased by up to 20%, representing 14,400,000 additional preferred shares, including in the form of ADSs to be sold by the selling shareholders upon the agreement of the selling shareholders, Brazilian underwriters and the international underwriters. It is anticipated that the initial public offering price will be between BRL 19.00 and BRL 23.00 per preferred share and between USD 18.02 and USD 21.81 per ADS, calculated at the exchange rate of BRL 3.1636 per USD 1.00 at March 14, 2017. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Bradesco Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Santander Investment Securities Inc., will collectively act as international underwriters with respect to the offering of the ADSs and, together with Safra Securities LLC, as agents on behalf of the Brazilian underwriters with respect to the offering of preferred shares sold outside of Brazil not in the form of ADSs. Banco ItaÃº BBA S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Brasil, Corretora de CÃ¢mbio, TÃ­tulos e Valores MobiliÃ¡rios S.A., Deutsche Bank S.A. — Banco AlemÃ£o, BB — Banco de Investimento S.A., Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Banco J.P. Morgan S.A., Banco J. Safra S.A. and Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. will act collectively as Brazilian underwriters with respect to the sale of preferred shares in the public offering in Brazil. Azul is the largest airline in Brazil in terms of departures and cities served, with 784 daily departures serving 102 destinations, creating a network of 203 non-stop routes as of December 31, 2016. Related posts FedEx Express to begin Liege-Memphis flight March 22, 2017 FedEx Express (FedEx) will begin operating a new flight linking TNT´s European air hub in... FCM Travel Solutions partners with AirPlus International in the US business travel market March 22, 2017 AirPlus International Inc. and FCM Travel Solutions have formed a partnership in the United States... Flexjet marketing team wins 5 Cleveland ADDY awards March 22, 2017 Flexjet LLC has received five 2016 American Advertising (ADDY) Awards at the American Advertising Federation... Burnham Sterling supports financing for Avianca Holdings March 22, 2017 Burnham Sterling & Co. LLC , a financial advisory firm specializing in transportation assets, has... Orbit Communications' 3D Audio boosts pilots' awareness, reduces workload, increases flight safety March 22, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI) has announced that 3D Audio is now being offered... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Republic Airline event to benefit children's health organizations Southwest, AirTran rank highest in customer experience according to Temkin Group » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 16 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest David Rockefeller This photo taken on March 11, 1975 in Paris shows then French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac (L) and head of the Chase Manhattan bank David Rockefeller shaking hands during their meeting. David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and luminary in political and philanthropic circles, died on March 20, 2017 at the age of 101, a spokesman said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, he led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s. Forbes magazine ranked Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires with a fortune of $3.3 billion. Post to Facebook David Rockefeller This photo taken on March 11, 1975 in Paris shows then French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac (L) and head of the Chase Manhattan bank David Rockefeller shaking hands during their meeting. David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and luminary in political and philanthropic circles, died on March 20, 2017 at the age of 101, a spokesman said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, he led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s. Forbes magazine ranked Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires with a fortune of $3.3 billion.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2mIsZrz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs David Rockefeller None This photo taken on March 11, 1975 in Paris shows then French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac (L) and head of the Chase Manhattan bank David Rockefeller shaking hands during their meeting. David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and luminary in political and philanthropic circles, died on March 20, 2017 at the age of 101, a spokesman said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, he led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s. Forbes magazine ranked Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires with a fortune of $3.3 billion. STAFF, AFP/Getty Images None David Rockefeller (L) attends the 2015 "Party in the Garden" at the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York, New York, on June 2, 2015. PETER FOLEY, EPA None In this May 8, 1984 file photo, David Rockefeller, left, chairman of the Council Americas, shakes hands with President Ronald Reagan at the State Department in Washington. Ira Schwarz, ASSOCIATED PRESS None Attending a family dinner party in 1949 are (standing l-r) David Rockefeller, Winthrop Rockefeller, Irving Pardee, John D. Rockefeller III, John D. Rockefeller, Jr., Nelson A. Rockefeller, and seated l-r, Barbara Sears Rockefeller, Peggy McGrath Rockefeller, Abby Rockefeller Pardee, Mary Todd Rockefeller, Mary French Rockefeller, and Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller. Courtesy of The Rockefeller Archive Center/PBS None Ambassador Li Daoyu of China, left, is greeted by banker David Rockefeller in New York, Thursday, on Feb. 20, 1997, at a meeting of the America-China Society Council on Foreign Relations, commemorating the 25th anniversary of the Shanghai Communique. RON FREHM, Associated Press None In this June 1973, file photo, David Rockefeller, left, meets with Chinese Premier Chou En-lai in Peking. AP Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 6 2 of 6 3 of 6 4 of 6 5 of 6 6 of 6 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide None This photo taken on March 11, 1975 in Paris shows then French Prime Minister Jacques Chirac (L) and head of the Chase Manhattan bank David Rockefeller shaking hands during their meeting. David Rockefeller, a former head of Chase Manhattan bank and luminary in political and philanthropic circles, died on March 20, 2017 at the age of 101, a spokesman said. The last living grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller, he led Chase Manhattan, now part of JPMorgan Chase, in the 1960s and 1970s. Forbes magazine ranked Rockefeller 581st on its annual list of billionaires with a fortune of $3.3 billion. STAFF, AFP/Getty Images
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Facebook Inc (FB) Insider Sells $2,267,200.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Director Sells 465,657 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Plans $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Insider Joshua Sheldon Mann Buys 35,000 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) COO Jason Barry Rush Purchases 1,456 Shares Pine Cliff Energy Ltd (PNE) Insider Robert Disbrow Buys 25,000 Shares of Stock Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Raises Dividend to $0.13 Per Share U.S. Global Investors, Inc. (GROW) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.00 Investors Buy Prologis Inc (PLD) on Weakness After Insider Selling Repligen Co. (RGEN) CFO Jon Snodgres Sells 1,909 Shares of Stock Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Joseph David Stilwell Purchases 4,700 Shares of Stock Viveve Medical Inc (VIVE) CEO Patricia Scheller Purchases 12,500 Shares of Stock First United Corp (FUNC) Insider Carissa Lynn Rodeheaver Acquires 2,873 Shares Bacanora Minerals Ltd (BCN) Director James Digby Ronald Strauss Acquires 27,000 Shares of Stock Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 2,098 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CFO Richard Hart Sells 3,278 Shares of Stock Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Clay Thorp Sells 68,485 Shares March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) Director Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.56, for a total transaction of $449,261.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Clay Thorp also recently made the following trade(s): On Wednesday, February 22nd, Clay Thorp sold 27,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total transaction of $203,850.00. On Friday, February 17th, Clay Thorp sold 41,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.60, for a total transaction of $315,286.00. On Friday, January 20th, Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.53, for a total transaction of $584,177.05. Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) traded down 0.87% during trading on Monday, hitting $6.87. 192,340 shares of the stock were exchanged. Clearside Biomedical Inc has a 1-year low of $5.44 and a 1-year high of $25.08. The firm’s market capitalization is $146.67 million. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $7.51 and a 200 day moving average price of $12.43. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, March 14th. The company reported ($0.45) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.33) by $0.12. Equities analysts predict that Clearside Biomedical Inc will post ($2.03) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of CLSD. A.R.T. Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth $101,000. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC raised its position in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 1,764.2% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 9,321 shares of the company’s stock worth $162,000 after buying an additional 8,821 shares during the period. Ellington Management Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth $203,000. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth $417,000. Finally, State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 80.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 102,278 shares of the company’s stock worth $911,000 after buying an additional 45,671 shares during the period. 33.52% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. Wedbush restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $27.00 price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Cowen and Company restated a “buy” rating on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Clearside Biomedical from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Needham & Company LLC cut their price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research report on Friday, February 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price objective for the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. Clearside Biomedical presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $21.80. Clearside Biomedical Company Profile Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Mar 232017 E- Edition Newspaper Mar 23, 2017 Last Updated at 16:41 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Death toll in London attack rises to five: Police Video shows injured in Westminster attack WATCH: Video footage shows moment of London attack Business Brief: 'Oman well positioned to develop halal food industry' WATCH: Comex 2017 set to begin Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Oman Weather: Showers, hail, strong winds and floods expected Yearlong industry placements part of degree program at Muscat University Westminster attacks awful, shocking say British expats in Oman Oman crime: Man held in Suwaiq over murder Worker found dead inside well in Oman   OmanPride: Wassan Dental Care celebrating 14 years in Oman OmanPride: Ayisha Al Hinaai talks about benefits of reusing wastewater in Oman OmanPride: Steph McQuaid popularises Gaelic football in Oman OmanPride: Chef Salim Al Kalbani, putting the essence of Oman on a plate OmanPride: Salman Al Fazari, Oman’s first male makeup artist breaking barriers World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Brazil moves to allow outsourcing in labor law modernization French Defence Minister Le Drian to back Macron in presidential election Afghan Taliban signal growing strength with capture of key southern district British police arrest seven in probe into attack on parliament In Pictures: Terror attack on UK parliament Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Australia, China to boost trade with Beef making the cut Saudi Arabia halts Brazilian beef and poultry imports over food safety fears Al Omaniya Financial shareholders approve dividend proposal Oman Plast exhibition showcases state-of-the-art products Oman well positioned to develop halal food industry, say experts Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Football: Wanda's Wang urges China fans to be patient Football: Germany's Podolski crowns farewell with stunning winner over England Football: Asian Cup berth in 2019 essential for India Beach Kabaddi: Oman return home with silver medal from Mauritius Oman Tennis: Mixed day for Fatma Al Nabhani in France Opinion America’s confidence economy Getting basic income right Is Modi too powerful for his own good? The less-tech-is-more business World Water Day Technology Oman technology: The Lord of the Rings, the Battle for Middle Earth Oman technology: All about Snapguide Extend the life of your new smartphone Oman technology: All about Guides by Lonely Planet Oman technology: Far Cry 4, The Himalayas Mission Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman family: Get organised, set priorities, and be more efficient Fun facts: All about chickens Salman, Katrina's first look from 'Tiger Zinda Hai' revealed Vidya was destined to do "Begum Jaan": Srijit Oman travel: Manah, Oman’s best kept secret   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Weekend Events in Oman 23rd, 24h, 25th March, 2017 Top Videos Trending This Week Oman dining: Eat authentic Italian at Gustoso restaurant in Qurum Try mountain biking in Oman Muscat Parents: Take your children to boxing classes in Muscat World America Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 in New York March 20, 2017 | 9:54 PM by Reuters This file photo taken on May 12, 2010 shows David Rockfeller attending the 40th Washington Conference on the Americas David Rockefeller, the banker and philanthropist with the fabled family name who controlled Chase Manhattan bank for more than a decade died on March 20, 2017. He was 101.Photo - AFP x This file photo taken on May 12, 2010 shows David Rockfeller attending the 40th Washington Conference on the Americas David Rockefeller, the banker and philanthropist with the fabled family name who controlled Chase Manhattan bank for more than a decade died on March 20, 2017. He was 101.Photo - AFP   Sharelines Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 in New York Billionaire philanthropist #DavidRockefeller dies at age 101 in New York New York: Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. He was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York's Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolise unpopular U.S. banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings, Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolized by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art - a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organisations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, Memoirs, in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate "Rockefeller Republicans" wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in World Afghan Taliban signal growing strength with capture of key southern district British police arrest seven in probe into attack on parliament In Pictures: Terror attack on UK parliament Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Brazil moves to allow outsourcing in labor law modernization French Defence Minister Le Drian to back Macron in presidential election PREVIOUS ARTICLE Militant attack kills six Pakistan police NEXT ARTICLE Northern Ireland mourns IRA peacemaker Martin McGuinness Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
Advertisement Home News Top Stories Local State National World Politics Crime Business Industry Sports High School McNeese State LSU Saints & NFL National Scoreboard Prep Football Schedules Prep Football Stats Outdoors Opinion Jim Beam Scooter Hobbs Jim Gazzolo Informer by Andrew Perzo American Press Editorials Alex Hickey Entertainment Features Events Calendar Life Submit Life Event School Lunch Menu Obits Obituaries Local Funeral Homes Submit Obituaries Classifieds Classified Ads Build Your Own Classified Ad ePaper Today's ePaper ePaper Archives Subscribe to the ePaper Sample 50 Years Ago Subscribers Account Services Subscribe Real Estate Home Preview Galleries Featured Galleries Buy Photos Contact Us Contact Us Advertise Newspapers In Education Shutterbugs Policy About Us Thursday, March 23, 2017 Southwest Louisiana , In this June 1973 photo, David Rockefeller, left, meets with with Chinese Premier Chou En-lai in Peking. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo) David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 Last Modified: Monday, March 20, 2017 12:58 PM By The Associated Press NEW YORK -- David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (required - shown on comment approval) Enter text seen above: Copyright © 2017 American Press Privacy Policies: American Press Close
Please enter your login details    Comment   Forgot password? Rewards Sunday Times The Times LIVE Sites Sowetan LIVE Sunday World BDlive Books Live Other Times Media Titles SEARCH JOBS   m.timeslive.co.za Times LIVE Turkey anger grows over US flight laptop ban South Korea begins raising sunken Sewol ferry SUBSCRIBE AM PM Marketing News South Africa Africa World Probation officers recommend prison terms for Eskom electricity thieves The state-appointed probation officers in the case of four people found guilty of electricity theft to the tune of R8 million have recommended direct prison terms for three of the accused. SARS has not yet paid almost R20 billion worth of VAT refunds Lack of resources cripples policing‚ study finds Drug-resistant TB strains threatening fight against disease Court convicts Mary-Lee Macumbe's killer WATCH: 'I wouldn’t protest again‚ I lost too much' - Sharpeville massacre survivors speak Inquest docket opened into death of boy mauled by cheetah in Free State 10 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai roadside bombings Ten Egyptian soldiers were killed in two roadside bombings as they clashed with Islamic State group jihadists in the Sinai Peninsula, the military said on Thursday. Three killed as suicide blasts rock migrant camp in Nigeria Multiple bomb blasts rock migrant camp in Nigeria: officials Zimbabwe seeks money to deal with Cyclone Dineo damage Ghana shuts tourist site where 20 died in freak tree accident The case of Kenya: will technology deliver a free and fair election? Pope begs God's forgiveness for Church sins during Rwanda genocide Islamic State claims British parliament attack The Islamic State group on Thursday claimed the deadly assault at the British parliament, as Prime Minister Theresa May identified the attacker as a British-born man known to intelligence services. 400,000 people 'trapped' in Old City of Iraq's west Mosul: UN London attacker 'British-born', known to security services: May Paedophilia cases spark social media outcry in Vietnam Despite Trump push, health care vote going to the wire Traffickers suspected of using migrant rescue boats as taxis German state vote a first signal for Merkel poll showdown Politics Politics WATCH: ANCYL protesters push through boom gates at KZN mall ANC Youth League protesters pushed through boom gates at the Ballito Junction shopping mall to demand that local youth be employed there. Herman Mashaba launches Johannesburg traffic congestion hotline DA councillor arrested following sexual assault of girl‚ 13 WATCH: ANCYL protesters set sugar cane alight amid KZN mall protest Motlanthe: Don't use artists for 'narrow' political ends MPLs get teeth into Zille tweets Lungisa defies 'advice' givers Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Golf Tennis Motor Sport More Sport Yaya Toure's return top priority for new Ivory Coast coach Ivory Coast boss Marc Wilmots has made trying to persuade Yaya Toure out of international retirement one of his top priorities after taking over as coach of the former African champions this week. Khune licking his lips at the prospect of unleashing speedy Tau and Manyama Banned SA vs Senegal referee's history of questionable decisions Bafana Bafana's World Cup opponents all in action Roger De Sa quits Maritzburg and invariably sparks Bafana speculation Big trouble for Bafana if Mokotjo is declared ineligible after playing for SA England coach Southgate impressed by players' adaptability despite Germany loss Seabelo Senatla to make first Super Rugby start of 2017 Seabelo Senatla will make his first Super Rugby start of the season on the wing for the Stormers against the Sunwolves in Singapore on Saturday. Strength vs strength is way to go Free State-born Reinach doesn't know much about the Cheetahs Bulls face test to their Super Rugby credentials Blow for Stormers as centre Jones sidelined with lengthy injury Stormers to test depth against Sunwolves Brumbies issue 'call to arms' as Super Rugby axe hovers It's just not cricket as Test series turns 'toxic' A leading Indian commentator has hit out at the "toxicity" blighting the series against Australia, and called for both sides to show restraint before the winner-takes-all final Test begins on Saturday. Klaasen gets his gloves ready Southee tossed on injury pile ahead of third test Titans go for Momentum One Day Cup home final 'It's not a calamity' - Watling De Kock injury scare makes Klaasen turn heads All aboard for Hamilton Jordan Spieth looking forward to shedding Augusta hoodoo Former world number one Jordan Spieth says he can't wait to get next month's Masters out of the way -- because he's fed up with being asked about his nightmare collapse at Augusta in 2016. Golf to salute 'The King' at Arnold Palmer Invitational Muirfield opens doors to women - and the Open Historic Muirfield club to allow women members Injury-plagued Tiger Woods to miss Arnold Palmer tournament Bjork, Jamieson stay ahead in Tshwane Open Bjork, Jamieson lead as Aiken steals show with 62 at Tshwane Open Djokovic knocked out of Acapulco ATP event by Kyrgios World No. 2 Novak Djokovic was sent crashing out of the ATP Mexico Open on Thursday after being upset in straight sets by sixth seeded Nick Kyrgios in the first ever meeting between the two. Rafael Nadal rolls into Mexico Open quarter-finals Novak Djokovic battles into Acapulco quarter-finals Lewis Hamilton looks for fast start to new Formula One season Lewis Hamilton will look to put his stamp on the new Formula One season at this week's Australian Grand Prix, as he seeks to regain the world title following the shock retirement of reigning champion Nico Rosberg. All change as new owners steer Formula One into fast lane Raikkonen sets new benchmark as Ferrari fly Bottas brings 'Flying Finn' form to early F1 tests WATCH: Recently married Anaso Jobodwana thankful for his speed Recently married Anaso Jobodwana is thankful that he can run and knows he can improve from the 10.36 he ran at the ASA Speed Series in Germiston on Wednesday evening. Stransky on the mend after Cape Epic crash Akani Simbine keeps his eye on the prize SA record still standing after onslaught from unit anchored by Simbine Boxing promoter must repay R800 000 Buffalo City Metro sponsorship Bloodied‚ but unbowed: Injured Stransky updates fans on Twitter Simbine: something big is on the way Entertainment Entertainment Competitions Joe Mafela's family on R89K fiasco: They apologised to us Joe Mafela's family have broken their silence on the raging debate that was sparked by the R89,000 quote they were given by Grace Bible Church for the veteran actor's memorial service. Cynthia Shange's brutally honest speech at Joe Mafela memorial: We are not happy Grace Bible Church dances around R89k debacle Tony Kgoroge blasts the SABC at Joe Mafela memorial Mfundi Vundla: Generations studio to be renamed Joe Mafela Studio WATCH: iFani sticks to his guns, calls Cassper's #TitoMboweni trash...again Joe Mafela's brother: Our leader is no longer here Win tickets to see Kong: Skull Island on a massive outdoor screen In Kong: Skull Island, the next blockbuster roaring into South African cinemas on March 10 this year, the producers of Godzilla have reimagined the origins of one the most powerful monster myths of all. Life & Style Life & Style Food IgnitionLive Books LIVE In Your Corner Taking the pill can protect women from certain cancers for up to 30 years A new large-scale study has found that taking the oral contraceptive pill can protect women from some cancers for as long as 30 years. New pee test for TB could save thousands Dials set to haute for Cape fashion fest Trend-setters step out in mismatched shoes Dating deja vu: study confirms we really do have a 'type' DIY fertility test: check your sperm quality with a smartphone IN PICTURES: Inside the cool new Cape Town hotel everyone's talking about Consumer Live Consumer Live Emirates working on solution to electronics ban on international flights Emirates passengers affected by a security ban on electronic devices larger than smart phones will be able to work on laptops or tablets right up until boarding time‚ before being made to part with them. Compulsory selfies for Uber drivers How the electronics ban on flights will affect SA travellers Buying a car? Take a closer look at that contract Need a loan? Here’s what not to do FNB to close its safe custody box facilities Meet Cape Town's 'Dr Biltong' Motoring Motoring Porsche ups the potency for 2017 German sportscar maker Porsche is giving a host of 911 models a very hefty 30hp boost for the new model year. Lamborghini breaks another record Mercedes ignition fault can only be fixed mid-2017‚ waiting for parts What are the five fastest production cars money can buy? Land Rover officially lifts the veil on the Velar Why drive if you can fly by Hoverbike? Land Rover lifts the veil on the Velar Sci-Tech Scitech Scientists find how using "satnav" switches off parts of brain If you have long feared that using a "satnav" navigation system to get to your destination is making you worse at finding the way alone, research now suggests you may be right. Sea ice hits new record low at both poles Scientists use graphene to power 'electronic skin' that can feel Revolutionary overhaul of dinosaur family tree proposed Tech giants should join global campaign to seek land rights for all: experts Want to be happy? Watch a wildlife doccie Scientists launch campaign to restore Pluto to the planet club SUNDAY TIMES     Latest previous next How to make feather-light buttermilk scones Probation officers recommend prison terms for Eskom electricity thieves Yaya Toure's return top priority for new Ivory Coast coach Joe Mafela's family on R89K fiasco: They apologised to us Porsche ups the potency for 2017 Islamic State claims British parliament attack WATCH: ANCYL protesters push through boom gates at KZN mall Cynthia Shange's brutally honest speech at Joe Mafela memorial: We are not happy Taking the pill can protect women from certain cancers for up to 30 years SARS has not yet paid almost R20 billion worth of VAT refunds Khune licking his lips at the prospect of unleashing speedy Tau and Manyama Herman Mashaba launches Johannesburg traffic congestion hotline Dating deja vu: study confirms we really do have a 'type' 10 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai roadside bombings 400,000 people 'trapped' in Old City of Iraq's west Mosul: UN Lack of resources cripples policing‚ study finds Grace Bible Church dances around R89k debacle Emirates working on solution to electronics ban on international flights Drug-resistant TB strains threating fight against disease Tony Kgoroge blasts the SABC at Joe Mafela memorial Mille Collines set to knock fashionistas' socks off with new Swahili-inspired collection Court convicts Mary-Lee Macumbe's killer London attacker 'British-born', known to security services: May Fruit and veg suppliers raided by Competition Commission Mfundi Vundla: Generations studio to be renamed Joe Mafela Studio DA councillor arrested following sexual assault of girl‚ 13 Paedophilia cases spark social media outcry in Vietnam WATCH: Recently married Anaso Jobodwana thankful for his speed WATCH: ANCYL protesters set sugar cane alight amid KZN mall protest Banned SA vs Senegal referee's history of questionable decisions Despite Trump push, health care vote going to the wire WATCH: 'I wouldn’t protest again‚ I lost too much' - Sharpeville massacre survivors speak Traffickers suspected of using migrant rescue boats as taxis Bafana Bafana's World Cup opponents all in action Inquest docked opened into death of boy mauled by cheetah in Free State Stransky on the mend after Cape Epic crash Roger De Sa quits Maritzburg and invariably sparks Bafana speculation New pee test for TB could save thousands ‘I was horrified when he showed up with an axe’ - single mom speaks out WATCH: iFani sticks to his guns, calls Cassper's #TitoMboweni trash...again Sex Talk: I love doing it, so why am I so dry? Is dumping to blame for SA’s poultry crisis? Joe Mafela's brother: Our leader is no longer here Akani Simbine keeps his eye on the prize Ja‚ nee‚ Jannie‚ you’ve made it to the big (billionaire) league Trend-setters step out in mismatched shoes Seabelo Senatla to make first Super Rugby start of 2017 WATCH: Kwesta slay his freestyle Sway in the Morning! Western Cape police monitor 'high-risk' Delft after taxi war Scientists find how using "satnav" switches off parts of brain Dineo Ranaka admits she was dramatic for the sake of 'entertainment' Twitter reacts to R89k Grace Bible Church fee WATCH: CCTV footage shows moment man aggressively grabbed woman's child during Spur altercation Axe-wielding landlord an ‘insane psychopath’‚ says threatened woman’s father BREAKING: Coffin accused - charges upgraded to attempted murder Sea ice hits new record low at both poles Big trouble for Bafana if Mokotjo is declared ineligible after playing for SA IN PICTURES: Inside the cool new Cape Town hotel everyone's talking about WATCH LIVE: Friends, fans and family gather for Joe Mafela memorial service Thu Mar 23 15:44:26 SAST 2017 London terror attack: 'Terrifying, we all ran' Home World Article Billionaire banker, philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 Reuters | 2017-03-20 19:37:55.0 David Rockefeller arrives at the funeral service for New York socialite and philanthropist Brooke Astor at St. Thomas Church in New York, August 17, 2007. Image by: Jeff Zelevansky / REUTERS Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Save & Share Tweet Email Print Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, "died peacefully in his sleep" of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the U.S. "gilded" era of robber barons, he was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York's Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolize unpopular U.S. banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Rockefeller was born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings. His brother, Nelson Rockefeller, served as vice president under U.S. President Gerald Ford after being elected as governor of New York for four terms starting in 1959. David Rockefeller's nephew, Jay Rockefeller, was a longtime U.S. senator from West Virginia. David Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolized by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art - a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organizations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, "Memoirs," in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate "Rockefeller Republicans" wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. Share Tweet SHARE YOUR OPINION If you have an opinion you would like to share on this article, please send us an e-mail to the Times LIVE iLIVE team. In the mean time, click here to view the Times LIVE iLIVE section. Most Popular Today This Week 1 CONFIRMED! Glen Lewis leaves Metro FM for Touch HD 2 WATCH: Man threatens to beat up mother in Spur restaurant‚ sparking outrage 3 Pretoria man gets death threats after being mistaken for Spur bully 4 Celebrities express anger over violent #Spur incident 5 Chief Justice burglary - the mystery of Nkosinathi Msimango 1 Veteran actor Joe Mafela died in a car accident - police 2 Bust by selfie brag: Snaps of R5m Lamborghini lead to OR Tambo heist arrest 3 OR Tambo heist: Bragging and spending sprees will get you caught every time 4 WATCH: The lady in a yellow dress who got everyone talking 5 WATCH: Man threatens to beat up mother in Spur restaurant‚ sparking outrage Read more popular stories Sponsored Links Main Menu News Politics Business Entertainment Life & Style Sci-Tech Consumer Live Sport Food Our Network Sunday Times SowetanLIVE Sunday World BusinessLIVE Business Day Financial Mail Rand Daily Mail Wanted Online BooksLIVE HeraldLIVE DispatchLIVE IgnitionLIVE Social Network Facebook Twitter Instagram Online Services Advertise Online Mobile site RSS Feeds Syndication Print Services Advertise in print Subscription Services e-Paper Ezines/Magazines SA Home Owner Business Media MAGS African Leader Banker SA FM Boardroom FM Travel Franchising Healthy Times Infrastructure Journal of SA Architecture Pursuit SA Mining Voice of Local Government Contact Us Contact Details Other Terms & Conditions BEE Credentials Times LIVE © Thu Mar 23 15:44:26 SAST 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. X
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach California estimates it would lose $24 billion by decade's end under GOP health plan World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news News David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 March 20, 2017 Updated 1:44 p.m. 1 of 1 In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, according to a family spokesman. , FILE PHOTO, THE ASSOCIATED PRESW-S In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, according to a family spokesman. , FILE PHOTO, THE ASSOCIATED PRESW-S By DEEPTI HAJELA / The Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF NEW YORK – David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family’s fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. “No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller,” said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. “I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called.” Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as “the cousins,” are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that “touched and lifted innumerable lives,” Rockefeller’s “connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included,” said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a “wonderful friend” to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller’s later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, in 1998. “Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad,” former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. “His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more.” Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Fire damages Huntington Beach apartment building, leaves 4 pets dead Shooting in Garden Grove leaves 1 man injured In London, another ‘lone wolf’ terrorist attack Where do Southern California Republicans stand on GOP health care bill? 7 of 9 puppies taken from Cypress woman accused of running bogus rescue are adopted User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach California estimates it would lose $24 billion by decade's end under GOP health plan World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news Education » Orange Coast College honors anti-Trump instructor Olga Cox, but she turns it down Trustees pass $270 tuition hike for Cal State students Tuition hike passes Cal State finance panel; formal trustees' vote comes next BUSINESS » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit O.C. Watchdog » Twins, divided: The fate of mentally disabled husband heading to mediation Are criminals working at your mom's state-licensed care home? Part 1: Twins, divided: Is one man happily married or a victim of sexual abuse? Health Care » Will I lose my health insurance with the GOP plan? For millions in California, the answer is yes CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future ENTERTAINMENT » 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim Food » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Here's what's new at Knott's Berry Farm's Boysenberry Festival 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County TELEVISION » How a movie villain inspired TV prankster and magician Michael Carbonaro Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Shirley Chung or Brooke Williamson? Who is crowned Season 14 Top Chef winner Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Gorsuch confirmation hearings HEALTH CARE » Uninsured people in California and the U.S. are at their lowest rates SLIDESHOW » 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County SLIDESHOW » Street Style: What they're wearing at Ducks games CARTOONS » Cartoons: FBI probe VIDEO/SLIDESHOW » 50 years ago Saturday, Pirates of the Caribbean opened at Disneyland Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World selected Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability US & Canada selected US & Canada US & Canada US billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 20 March 2017 From the section US & Canada Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-39333416 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright AP Image caption David Rockefeller was the youngest of five sons of John D Rockefeller Jr Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller has died in his sleep at his home in Poncantico Hills, New York, a spokesman said. He was 101 years old. Mr Rockefeller, the last of his generation in the famed American family, was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D Rockefeller. The centenarian was at the helm of his family's fortune, controlling both philanthropic and business interests. He was the youngest of five sons of John D Rockefeller Jr. Though he never sought political office, he had two brothers who served in government. Nelson Rockefeller served as governor of New York and briefly as US vice-president while Winthrop Rockefeller was the governor of Arkansas. David Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He then served in the army World War Two before working at Chase Bank, which later became JP Morgan Chase. Art collector He was named president of the company in 1961 and chairman and chief executive in 1969. The renowned capitalist supported the assistance of economies abroad, arguing that it would create customers for American products. Under his leadership, Chase was the first US bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China. In 1974, it was the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. He was also behind the project that led to the World Trade Center in New York City. Mr Rockefeller retired in 1981 aged 65. Former President George HW Bush and his wife, Barbara, released a statement saying they were "deeply saddened" by the passing of their "wonderful friend". "So many knew him as one of the most generous philanthropists - and brightest Points of Light - whose caring and commitment to the widest range of worthy causes touched and lifted innumerable lives," the statement read. "David was also very active in national and international affairs, and his connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable advisor to Presidents of both parties - yours truly certainly included." The couple added that they would "surely miss" their annual visits with him in Maine. Image copyright George HW Bush Image caption Former President George HW Bush says he was "deeply saddened" by the lost of his "wonderful friend" Mr Rockefeller was also remembered for his patronage to philanthropy and the arts, preserving his family's close relationship with the Museum of Modern Art. His private art collection was once valued at $500m (£404m). On his 100th birthday in 2015, he donated 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. His charitable service earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the country's highest civilian honour, in 1998. He had six children - David Jr, Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen - with his wife Margaret (nee McGrath). She died in 1996. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Rockefellers to switch investments to 'clean energy' 23 September 2014 Top Stories London attack - latest updates The Westminster attacker had been investigated by MI5, the PM reveals, as a second victim is named and eight people are held. 22 March 2017 British-born attacker 'known to MI5' 23 March 2017 Theresa May says 'we'll never waver' 23 March 2017 Features Video Could this be Britain's cheapest supermarket? How a seed is helping to save the elephant 'What's mum got to be depressed about?' Morse's Oxford - the city that inspired Colin Dexter The daredevils behind Russia's extreme photo craze Video 100 years of Japanese animation Life in the land of 'candle princesses' In pictures: The fight for peace - over the past century Spain's female bodyguards who protect abused women News navigation US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World selected World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada selected Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Ferry that sank, killing 304, lifted from sea Lawyer explains why teacher is smiling in mugshot Brits denounce Trump Jr's comments on attack Perry blasts election of A&M's first gay SGA pres Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Ex-Congressman Stockman accused of stealing $775,000 from Reward offered in Houston Galleria burglary that netted $190,000 Rape victim sues Houston Rodeo, Los Vaqueros trail ride over 2012 Univ. of Houston students to throw funeral for beloved squirrel US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Super Sunday, an only-in-New Orleans tradition, marked by Mardi First day of spring means free cones at DQ Secret service members under scrutiny for allegedly taking The cost of America's increasingly expensive military fighter Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rockets on cusp of fitting milestone Houston HS baseball/softball primer: March 24 TSU baseball following familiar road to success What to watch: The weekend's top sports on TV Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Shaking the bushes for venture capital Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Gulf States Toyota founder Thomas Friedkin dies Here's why Houston is a top 5 city for millennials A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Overheard at the rodeo, round two Chris Young sounds great but some material not to par with his 'Wonder Woman' just gave birth to a girl Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states The best small town food festivals across Texas Conversation turns controversial at UH's record-breaking Table New York Times touts Texas' major hotel boom Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/news/article/Billionaire-philanthropist-David-Rockefeller-dies-11014687.php David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 Deepti Hajela, Associated Press Updated 2:53 pm, Monday, March 20, 2017 Photo: File, AP Image 1of/35 Caption Close Image 1 of 35 FILE - In this Nov. 28, 1967, file photo, the five Rockefeller Brothers pose for photos in New York as they gather to receive gold medals from the National Institute of social sciences. From left are: David Rockefeller, President of the Chase Manhattan Bank; Winthrop Rockefeller, Governor of Arkansas; Frank Pace, President of the NISS; John D. Rockefeller 3rd, Chairman of the Rockefeller Foundation; Nelson Rockefeller, Governor of New York; and Laurence Rockefeller, a conservation adviser to President Johnson. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died. David Rockefeller was 101 years old. less FILE - In this Nov. 28, 1967, file photo, the five Rockefeller Brothers pose for photos in New York as they gather to receive gold medals from the National Institute of social sciences. From left are: David ... more Photo: File, AP Image 2 of 35 FILE - In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. less FILE - In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, ... more Photo: D. Pickoff, AP Image 3 of 35 FILE - In this May 15, 2007, file photo, David Rockefeller participates in the C40 Large Cities Climate Summit in New York. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. He was 101 years old. less FILE - In this May 15, 2007, file photo, David Rockefeller participates in the C40 Large Cities Climate Summit in New York. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously ... more Photo: Richard Drew, AP Image 4 of 35 FILE - In this June 1973, file photo, David Rockefeller, left, meets with with Chinese Premier Chou En-lai in Peking. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. less FILE - In this June 1973, file photo, David Rockefeller, left, meets with with Chinese Premier Chou En-lai in Peking. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously ... more Photo: File, AP Image 5 of 35 FILE - In this June 16, 1982, file photo, David Rockefeller, second left, Rockefeller Center chairman and Center President Richard H. Voell, left, and New York City Board of Education President Joseph Barker, right, begin to slice up an eight-foot-tall culinary replica of Rockefeller Center in New York. The occasion marked the 50th birthday celebration of the midtown building complex. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. less FILE - In this June 16, 1982, file photo, David Rockefeller, second left, Rockefeller Center chairman and Center President Richard H. Voell, left, and New York City Board of Education President Joseph Barker, ... more Photo: Ray Howard, AP Image 6 of 35 FILE - In this May 8, 1984 file photo, David Rockefeller, left, chairman of the Council Americas, shakes hands with President Ronald Reagan at the State Department in Washington. David Rockefeller, the billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. less FILE - In this May 8, 1984 file photo, David Rockefeller, left, chairman of the Council Americas, shakes hands with President Ronald Reagan at the State Department in Washington. David Rockefeller, the ... more Photo: Ira Schwarz, ASSOCIATED PRESS Image 7 of 35 Former President George H.W. Bush praised his long-time friend David Rockefeller, who died Monday, March 20, 2017. Former President George H.W. Bush praised his long-time friend David Rockefeller, who died Monday, March 20, 2017. Photo: Eric Gay, STF Image 8 of 35 Each year, Forbes Magazine releases its list of the world's richest billionaires. Ninety-five members of the list have at least a partial interest in oil or energy. Here are the top 25 from the world of oil and energy. less Each year, Forbes Magazine releases its list of the world's richest billionaires. Ninety-five members of the list have at least a partial interest in oil or energy. Here are the top 25 from the world of oil and ... more Photo: Bob Owen, San Antonio Express-News Image 9 of 35 Len Blavatnik Forbes Overall Rank: No. 39 Net Worth: $18.7 billion Age: 56 Source of Income: Recently sold stake in Russian oil company TNK-BP for $7 billion; now has diversified interests. Country: United States less Len Blavatnik Forbes Overall Rank: No. 39 Net Worth: $18.7 billion Age: 56 Source of Income: Recently sold stake in Russian oil company TNK-BP for $7 billion; now has diversified interests. Country: United ... more Photo: Dave M. Benett, Getty Images Image 10 of 35 Mukesh Ambani Forbes Overall Rank: No. 40 Net Worth: $18.6 billion Age: 56 Source of Income: Primarily offshore oil from Reliance Industries. His wealth has fallen from $43 billion in 2008. Country: India Mukesh Ambani Forbes Overall Rank: No. 40 Net Worth: $18.6 billion Age: 56 Source of Income: Primarily offshore oil from Reliance Industries. His wealth has fallen from $43 billion in 2008. Country: India Photo: WPA Pool, Getty Images Image 11 of 35 Mikhail Fridman Forbes Overall Rank: No. 47 Net Worth: $17.6 billion Age: 49 Source of Income: Shares control of the industrial and financial investment group Alfa Group with fellow billionaires German Khan, Alexie Kuzmichev and Mikhal Fridman. Earned $5 billion from sale of stake in TNK-BP. Country: Russia less Mikhail Fridman Forbes Overall Rank: No. 47 Net Worth: $17.6 billion Age: 49 Source of Income: Shares control of the industrial and financial investment group Alfa Group with fellow billionaires German Khan, ... more Photo: Konstantin Zavrazhin, Getty Images Image 12 of 35 Viktor Vekselberg Forbes Overall Rank: No. 51 Net Worth: $17.2 billion Age: 56 Source of Income: Appointed by government to lead Skolkovo, Russia's version of Silicon Valley. Also has interests in thin-film energy technologies. Country: Russia less Viktor Vekselberg Forbes Overall Rank: No. 51 Net Worth: $17.2 billion Age: 56 Source of Income: Appointed by government to lead Skolkovo, Russia's version of Silicon Valley. Also has interests in thin-film ... more Photo: Handout, Getty Images Image 13 of 35 Leonid Mikhelson Forbes Overall Rank: No. 57 Net Worth: $15.6 billion Age: 58 Source of Income: Largest shareholder in natural gas giant Novatek and chemical holding company Sibur, along with other investments. Main sponsor of the Russian Football Union. Country: Russia less Leonid Mikhelson Forbes Overall Rank: No. 57 Net Worth: $15.6 billion Age: 58 Source of Income: Largest shareholder in natural gas giant Novatek and chemical holding company Sibur, along with other investments. ... more Photo: Sasha Mordovets, Getty Images Image 14 of 35 Mohammed Al Amoudi Forbes Overall Rank: No. 61 Net Worth: $15.3 billion Age: 67 Source of Income: Made his fortune in Saudi construction. Now owns diverse interests in oil and other industries. Country: Saudi Arabia less Mohammed Al Amoudi Forbes Overall Rank: No. 61 Net Worth: $15.3 billion Age: 67 Source of Income: Made his fortune in Saudi construction. Now owns diverse interests in oil and other industries. Country: Saudi ... more Photo: Hans Berggren Image 15 of 35 Gennady Timchenko Forbes Overall Rank: No. 61 Net Worth: $15.3 billion Age: 61 Source of Income: Co-owner of international energy trader Gunvor Group. Also owns stakes in gas company Novatek, petrochemical producer Sibur Holding and transportation operator Transoil, among other interests.Chairman of the Russian national hockey league. Country: Russia less Gennady Timchenko Forbes Overall Rank: No. 61 Net Worth: $15.3 billion Age: 61 Source of Income: Co-owner of international energy trader Gunvor Group. Also owns stakes in gas company Novatek, petrochemical ... more Photo: Sasha Mordovets, Getty Images Image 16 of 35 Harold Hamm Forbes Overall Rank: No. 68 Net Worth: $14.6 billion Age: 68 Source of Income: Owns 70 percent of Continental Resources, the largest operator in North Dakota's Bakken shale. Country: United States Harold Hamm Forbes Overall Rank: No. 68 Net Worth: $14.6 billion Age: 68 Source of Income: Owns 70 percent of Continental Resources, the largest operator in North Dakota's Bakken shale. Country: United States Photo: Brad Barket, Getty Images Image 17 of 35 Vagit Alekperov Forbes Overall Rank: No. 76 Net Worth: $13.6 billion Age: 63 Source of Income: Heads Russia's largest independent oil company, Lukoil. Country: Russia Vagit Alekperov Forbes Overall Rank: No. 76 Net Worth: $13.6 billion Age: 63 Source of Income: Heads Russia's largest independent oil company, Lukoil. Country: Russia Photo: Epsilon, Getty Images Image 18 of 35 Andrey Melnichenko Forbes Overall Rank: No. 97 Net Worth: $11.4 billion Age: 41 Source of Income: Co-founder of TMK, Russia's largest pipe exporter. Also founded fertilizer producer Eurochem and coal producer SUEK. Country: Russia less Andrey Melnichenko Forbes Overall Rank: No. 97 Net Worth: $11.4 billion Age: 41 Source of Income: Co-founder of TMK, Russia's largest pipe exporter. Also founded fertilizer producer Eurochem and coal producer ... more Photo: Konstantin Zavrazhin, Getty Images Image 19 of 35 German Khan Forbes Overall Rank: No. 100 Net Worth: $11.3 billion Age: 52 Source of Income: Shares control of Alfa Group, including the group's oil partnership with BP, TNK-BP. Country: Russia German Khan Forbes Overall Rank: No. 100 Net Worth: $11.3 billion Age: 52 Source of Income: Shares control of Alfa Group, including the group's oil partnership with BP, TNK-BP. Country: Russia Image 20 of 35 Li Hejun Forbes Overall Rank: No. 117 Net Worth: $10.3 billion Age: 46 Source of Income: Chair of Hanergy Holding Group, one of the world's largest producers of thin-film solar panels. Also owns one of the world's largest privately held hydro-power plants. Country: China less Li Hejun Forbes Overall Rank: No. 117 Net Worth: $10.3 billion Age: 46 Source of Income: Chair of Hanergy Holding Group, one of the world's largest producers of thin-film solar panels. Also owns one of the ... more Photo: ChinaFotoPress, ChinaFotoPress Via Getty Images Image 21 of 35 George Kaiser Forbes Overall Rank: No. 122 Net Worth: $10 billion Age: 71 Source of Income: Diverse interests in oil and banking. Stakeholder in Bank of Oklahoma. Former stakeholder in Solyndra. Country: United States less George Kaiser Forbes Overall Rank: No. 122 Net Worth: $10 billion Age: 71 Source of Income: Diverse interests in oil and banking. Stakeholder in Bank of Oklahoma. Former stakeholder in Solyndra. Country: ... more Photo: Brett Deering, WireImage Image 22 of 35 Carrie Perrodo & family Forbes Overall Rank: No. 122 Net Worth: $10 billion Age: 63 Source of Income: Former model inherited fortune from late entrepreneur Hubert Perrodo, who founded Perenco. Country: France Carrie Perrodo & family Forbes Overall Rank: No. 122 Net Worth: $10 billion Age: 63 Source of Income: Former model inherited fortune from late entrepreneur Hubert Perrodo, who founded Perenco. Country: France Photo: Crossroads Foundation Photos, Flickr Image 23 of 35 Richard Kinder Forbes Overall Rank: No. 130 Net Worth: $9.5 billion Age: 69 Source of Income: Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, an energy and pipeline corporation. The company recently acquired El Paso Corp. and Copano Energy to extend its empire. Country: United States less Richard Kinder Forbes Overall Rank: No. 130 Net Worth: $9.5 billion Age: 69 Source of Income: Chairman and CEO of Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, an energy and pipeline corporation. The company recently acquired ... more Photo: Dave Rossman, For The Houston Chronicle Image 24 of 35 Alexei Kuzmichev Forbes Overall Rank: No. 147 Net Worth: $8.8 billion Age: 51 Source of Income: Shares control of Alfa Group, including the group's oil partnership with BP, TNK-BP. Country: Russia *No photo available less Alexei Kuzmichev Forbes Overall Rank: No. 147 Net Worth: $8.8 billion Age: 51 Source of Income: Shares control of Alfa Group, including the group's oil partnership with BP, TNK-BP. Country: Russia *No photo ... more Photo: Fonikum, Getty Images Image 25 of 35 Leonid Fedun Forbes Overall Rank: No. 208 Net Worth: $6.5 billion Age: 57 Source of Income: Top executive at Russian oil giant Lukoil, which he helped privatize in the 1990s. Owner of Moscow soccer team Spartak. Country: Russia less Leonid Fedun Forbes Overall Rank: No. 208 Net Worth: $6.5 billion Age: 57 Source of Income: Top executive at Russian oil giant Lukoil, which he helped privatize in the 1990s. Owner of Moscow soccer team ... more Photo: Epsilon, Getty Images Image 26 of 35 Dannine Avara Forbes Overall Rank: No. 215 Net Worth: $6.3 billion Age: 50 Source of Income: One of four children to inherit the fortune of father Dan Duncan, an energy pipeline magnate who was the former richest man in Houston. Country: United States less Dannine Avara Forbes Overall Rank: No. 215 Net Worth: $6.3 billion Age: 50 Source of Income: One of four children to inherit the fortune of father Dan Duncan, an energy pipeline magnate who was the former ... more Photo: BRETT COOMER, SPECIAL TO THE CHRONICLE Image 27 of 35 Scott Duncan Forbes Overall Rank: No. 215 Net Worth: $6.3 billion Age: 31 Source of Income: One of four children to inherit the fortune of father Dan Duncan, an energy pipeline magnate who was the former richest man in Houston. Country: United States *No photo available less Scott Duncan Forbes Overall Rank: No. 215 Net Worth: $6.3 billion Age: 31 Source of Income: One of four children to inherit the fortune of father Dan Duncan, an energy pipeline magnate who was the former ... more Photo: Fonikum, Getty Images Image 28 of 35 Milane Frantz Forbes Overall Rank: No. 215 Net Worth: $6.3 billion Age: 44 Source of Income: One of four children to inherit the fortune of father Dan Duncan, an energy pipeline magnate who was the former richest man in Houston. Country: United States *No photo available less Milane Frantz Forbes Overall Rank: No. 215 Net Worth: $6.3 billion Age: 44 Source of Income: One of four children to inherit the fortune of father Dan Duncan, an energy pipeline magnate who was the former ... more Photo: Fonikum, Getty Images Image 29 of 35 Randa Williams Forbes Overall Rank: No. 215 Net Worth: $6.3 billion Age: 52 Source of Income: One of four children to inherit the fortune of father Dan Duncan, an energy pipeline magnate who was the former richest man in Houston. Country: United States less Randa Williams Forbes Overall Rank: No. 215 Net Worth: $6.3 billion Age: 52 Source of Income: One of four children to inherit the fortune of father Dan Duncan, an energy pipeline magnate who was the former ... more Photo: Family Photo Image 30 of 35 Pyotr Aven Forbes Overall Rank: No. 227 Net Worth: $6.1 billion Age: 58 Source of Income: Heads Alfa Banking Group, Russia's largest private bank. Sold interest in oil partnership TNK-BP. Country: Russia Pyotr Aven Forbes Overall Rank: No. 227 Net Worth: $6.1 billion Age: 58 Source of Income: Heads Alfa Banking Group, Russia's largest private bank. Sold interest in oil partnership TNK-BP. Country: Russia Photo: Sasha Mordovets, Getty Images Image 31 of 35 Ray Lee Hunt Forbes Overall Rank: No. 253 Net Worth: $5.6 billion Age: 71 Source of Income: Chairman and CEO of Hunt Consolidated. Hunt Oil is one of the largest privately-held oil companies in the U.S. Sold a one-third stake in Eagle Ford shale in Texas for $1.3 billion in 2011. Also has various real estate interests. Country: United States less Ray Lee Hunt Forbes Overall Rank: No. 253 Net Worth: $5.6 billion Age: 71 Source of Income: Chairman and CEO of Hunt Consolidated. Hunt Oil is one of the largest privately-held oil companies in the U.S. Sold a ... more Photo: YASSER AL-ZAYYAT, AFP/Getty Images Image 32 of 35 Carlos and Alejandro Bulgheroni Forbes Overall Rank: No. 256 Net Worth: $5.5 billion Source of Income: Shareholders in Bridas Energy, which holds a 40 percent stake in Pan American Energy. Country: Argentina *No photo available less Carlos and Alejandro Bulgheroni Forbes Overall Rank: No. 256 Net Worth: $5.5 billion Source of Income: Shareholders in Bridas Energy, which holds a 40 percent stake in Pan American Energy. Country: Argentina ... more Photo: Fonikum, Getty Images Image 33 of 35 Jeffery Hildebrand Forbes Overall Rank: No. 256 Net Worth: $5.5 billion Age: 55 Source of Income: Founder of Hilcorp, one of the world's biggest privately-held oil companies. Country: United States Jeffery Hildebrand Forbes Overall Rank: No. 256 Net Worth: $5.5 billion Age: 55 Source of Income: Founder of Hilcorp, one of the world's biggest privately-held oil companies. Country: United States Photo: Ricardo Brazziell, Associated Press Image 34 of 35 Arthur Irving Forbes Overall Rank: No. 256 Net Worth: $5.5 billion Age: 84 Source of Income: Owner of Irving Oil, which operates more than 900 gas stations in the U.S. and Canada, as well as Canada's largest oil refinery. Country: Canada *No photo available less Arthur Irving Forbes Overall Rank: No. 256 Net Worth: $5.5 billion Age: 84 Source of Income: Owner of Irving Oil, which operates more than 900 gas stations in the U.S. and Canada, as well as Canada's largest ... more Photo: Fonikum, Getty Images Image 35 of 35 David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 1 / 35 Back to Gallery Former President George H.W. Bush is remembering his longtime friend David Rockefeller, a member of a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. Bush praised Rockefeller as "our wonderful friend," and lauded his work as a philanthropist. "He was an avid and able collector of art, but most of all David had a gift for making and keeping friends. On that note, Barbara and I will surely miss our annual visits with him in Maine," Bush said in a statement. Rockefeller was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. David Rockefeller, the billionaire businessman and philanthropist died Monday at the age of 101. The banker died peacefully in his sleep in his home in Pocantico Hills on Monday morning according to his spokesman Fraser P Seitel. Rockefeller, who controlled Chase Manhattan bank for more than a decade, was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D Rockefeller. Rockefeller is said to have donated almost $2 billion over his lifetime to various institutions including Rockefeller University, Harvard University and art museums. Media: Wibbitz Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." NEW HIRES: Logistics firm bringing 200 jobs to Houston Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. ROCKEFELLER'S NATURE: 10 must see spots in Acadia National Park Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Ferry that sank, killing 304, lifted from sea Lawyer explains why teacher is smiling in mugshot Brits denounce Trump Jr's comments on attack Perry blasts election of A&M's first gay SGA pres The Lead Where are the original Mighty Morphin Power Rangers now? Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Photos: Trump family rescued this abused TX dog Ex-skater uses worst choice of words for DWTS contestant 20 years ago: The Selena movie cast then & now Round II: Weird things overheard at the Rodeo Animal shelter may have to euthanize dogs Big-time rugby league coming to Houston Police: Woman tried to sell son to man sexually abusing him You could own this historic Texas ranch, movie set HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS 29 escape fire at SW Houston group home Reports: 3 arrested after drug, weapons raid Fight erupts at vigil, woman injured Photos: Chase suspect flips stolen truck The richest sports team owners in Texas J.J. Watt shows off new signature Reeboks Texans to receive four compensatory picks next year Memes mock South Padre spring break fight Port Aransas police make 200+ spring break arrests Teen killed on beach after falling from moving Hummer Houston's best places to get your crawfish fix Best places to get fast-food fish in Houston How to spot a Cajun living in Houston Most Read 1 Texas teacher Sarah Fowlkes smiling in mugshot because she... 2 Rick Perry blasts election of Texas A&M's first gay SGA president 3 Britons are denouncing Donald Trump Jr.'s attack on London's... 4 Aftermath of South Padre spring break fight caught on video... 5 Chris Young sounds great but some material not to par with his... 6 Lockhart teacher Sarah Fowlkes arrested for alleged improper... 7 Saint Arnold owner: Anheuser-Busch, Karbach recruiters are... 8 Rape victim sues Houston Rodeo, Los Vaqueros trail ride over... 9 Nancy Kerrigan Told to ‘Break a Leg’ on ‘DWTS’ by... 10 Houston group bringing a rugby franchise, stadium to the city View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook NY News Billionaire Philanthropist David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 in New York NY News Billionaire Philanthropist David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 in New York By Reuters | March 20, 2017 AT 1:58 PM Last Updated: March 20, 2017 4:58 pm David Rockefeller arrives at the funeral service for New York socialite and philanthropist Brooke Astor at St. Thomas Church in New York on Aug. 17, 2007. (REUTERS/Jeff Zelevansky) NEW YORK—Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the U.S. “gilded” era of robber barons, he was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York’s Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world’s most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolize unpopular U.S. banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile’s Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. Banker David Rockefeller, Chairman of the Chase Manhattan Corporation, pictured in conversation at the Savoy Hotel during the Chase Investment Forum, London on Oct. 21,1963. (Photo by Moore/Fox Photos/Getty Images) He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings, Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family’s estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolized by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan’s RockefellerCenter. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York’s largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art – a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organizations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York andRockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Designer Ariana Rockefeller and David Rockefeller attend the private reception celebrating the opening of the Ariana Rockefeller Pop-up Shop in New York City on Nov. 4, 2013. (Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images for Ariana Rockefeller) Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city’s poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, “Memoirs,” in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate “Rockefeller Republicans” wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party’s moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller‘s wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. Editor’s Picks Future of Hollywood-China Relationship in Question China Advances ‘Assassin’s Mace’ Warfare Program Stopping the Cycle of Abuse Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in NY NewsChina’s HNA to Buy New York Office Tower for $2.2 BillionUS Charges Two Ex-China Medical Executives With $400 Million FraudTrump’s Son Eric and His Wife Expect First Child in SeptemberHijacker Kills New York Paramedic Under Wheels of Her Ambulance Latest in New York NY News China’s HNA to Buy New York Office Tower for $2.2 Billion NYC City Life Theater Review: ‘The Most Reluctant Convert’ NY News US Charges Two Ex-China Medical Executives With $400 Million Fraud NY News Trump’s Son Eric and His Wife Expect First Child in September NYC City Life Theater Review: ‘Joan of Arc: Into the Fire’ NYC City Life Sibylle’s Style Diary: Patrick McMullan, Celebrity Photographer of the Elite NYC Dining Chef Jean-Louis Dumonet’s Chocolate Mousse NYC Dining ‘Sibylle’s Top French Chefs’ With Chef Bernard Liberatore NYC City Life Theater Review: ‘If I Forget’ × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
March 23, 2017 | 72° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 Associated Press Posted March 20, 2017 March 20, 2017 Updated March 20, 2017 10:40am ASSOCIATED PRESS The five Rockefeller Brothers posed for photos in New York, in Nov. 1967, as they gathered to receive gold medals from the National Institute of social sciences. From left are: David Rockefeller, President of the Chase Manhattan Bank; Winthrop Rockefeller, Governor of Arkansas; Frank Pace, President of the NISS; John D. Rockefeller 3rd, Chairman of the Rockefeller Foundation; Nelson Rockefeller, Governor of New York; and Laurence Rockefeller, a conservation adviser to President Johnson. ASSOCIATED PRESS David Rockefeller posed for a photograph in April 1981. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died today, according to a family spokesman. ASSOCIATED PRESS David Rockefeller, left, met with Chinese Premier Chou En-lai, in June 1973, in Peking. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died today, according to a family spokesman. NEW YORK >> David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family’s fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. “No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller,” said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. “I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called.” Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as “the cousins,” are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that “touched and lifted innumerable lives,” Rockefeller’s “connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included,” said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a “wonderful friend” to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller’s later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, in 1998. “Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad,” former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. “His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more.” Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Fukumoto says aloha to GOP Trump: ‘Somewhat’ vindicated after surveillance briefing 5 dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament Sears has ‘substantial doubt’ about its future State sweeps Diamond Head homeless encampments Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Watch Live: Day Four of Hearing for Trump Supreme Court Pick Gorsuch More | Dismiss Billionaire Banker, Philanthropist David Rockefeller Dies at 101 ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Billionaire Banker, Philanthropist David Rockefeller Dies at 101 Published March 20, 2017 Business Leaders Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print FILE - In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a ... family spokesman. (AP Photo/D. Pickoff, File) (Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.) Expand Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Continue Reading Below Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, "died peacefully in his sleep" of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the U.S. "gilded" era of robber barons, he was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York's Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolize unpopular U.S. banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Rockefeller was born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings. His brother, Nelson Rockefeller, served as vice president under U.S. President Gerald Ford after being elected as governor of New York for four terms starting in 1959. David Rockefeller's nephew, Jay Rockefeller, was a longtime U.S. senator from West Virginia. David Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolized by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art - a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organizations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, "Memoirs," in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate "Rockefeller Republicans" wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren.  (Writing by Patricia Zengerle; additional reporting by Laila Kearney; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrew Hay) What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Almost all Akinci base F-16 pilots involved in coup bid Features archive Turkcell boasts of faster 4.5G than US, Europe Features archive Turkey to take airline electronics ban to ICAO Features archive Norway should extradite 5 soldiers: Turkey’s Deputy PM Features archive Turkey warns Russia over future PKK/PYD attacks Features archive world middle east Sinai clashes leave 10 Egypt troops, 15 militants dead Features archive Egypt to continue training Lebanese army officers Features archive Turkey refuses to join Raqqah operation with PKK/PYD Features archive Israel arrests Hamas-linked lawmaker in West Bank Features archive europe Geneva set for further Syria talks Features archive Verheugen: German rally bans violated democratic rules Features archive Ukraine hints at 'sabotage' over ammunition blast Features archive UK police arrest 8 after London terror attack Features archive americas All doors opened: 1st Latin Muslim woman military pilot Features archive Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better Features archive US Justice Dept. seeks accelerated travel ban appeal Features archive US Secretary of State: 'I did not want this job' Features archive africa 10 killed in clashes between Somali army and al-Shabaab Features archive Turkish Airlines to transport 60 tons of aid to Somalia Features archive Japan to end its mission in South Sudan Features archive Bombers hit refugee camps in northeast Nigeria, 7 dead Features archive asia - pacific Japanese PM accused of donating to scandal-hit school Features archive Turkey announces North Korea-related asset freeze Features archive Philippines: 2 crew abducted from cargo boat in south Features archive Suspected militant dead in clash with Indonesian police Features archive economy Turkey's Borsa Istanbul up at opening Features archive With rising US inventories, oil prices hit 4-month lows Features archive Turkey's total oil imports rise 24.26 pct in January Features archive NATO members failing to meet US spending demands Features archive Italy's ENI to pay $350M tax to Mozambique Features archive politics Almost all Akinci base F-16 pilots involved in coup bid Features archive Turkey warns Russia over future PKK/PYD attacks Features archive Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better Features archive Former FM Steinmeier sworn in as new German President Features archive De Mistura, Lavrov meet in Russia ahead of Syria talks Features archive sports Football: Turkish clubs lag behind financially Features archive Erdogan says 'tricks' thwart Turkey's Olympic bids Features archive Football: Besiktas miss chance to boost league lead Features archive Football: Konyaspor defeat Fenerbahce in Turkish league Features archive UEFA Europa League quarter-final draws made Features archive health Qatar reports 1st coronavirus infection this year Features archive UK smokers braced for tobacco restrictions Features archive Yellow fever kills at least 137 people in Brazil Features archive Famine, war forces South Sudan to go for bushmeat Features archive Syrian hospital says patients dying due to regime siege Features archive infographics photo “Istanbul Photo Awards 2017” jury members complete the evaluation process All doors opened to me: 1st Latin woman military pilot Brussels marks one year since deadly terror attacks Mehter team, an Ottoman military band performs at Islamabad Civil March for Aleppo in Sarajevo video video gallery Turkish aid agency IHH provides humanitarian aid to Somalia Civil March for Aleppo in Sarajevo Parliament is under a complete security lockdown Turkish NGO IHH sends aid materials to Mosul IDPs multimedia Anadolu Post: Your source for trusted news FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Billionaire David Rockefeller dies at age 101 US businessman and philanthropist dies in his sleep home > world, americas 20.03.2017 Features archive related news Saudi Arabia 'sweating' competitors like Rockefeller did NEW YORK America's famous businessman and philanthropist David Rockefeller died at the age of 101 on Monday, according to his spokesman. Rockefeller died in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills in New York due to heart failure, his spokesman Fraser P. Seitel said. Head of JP Morgan Chase bank, David Rockefeller was the grandson of John D. Rockefeller, co-founder of the Standard Oil company. Reporting by Betul Yuruk; Writing by Meryem Goktas Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 16 : 00 Turkey Turkcell boasts of faster 4.5G than US, Europe 15 : 51 Turkey Turkey to take airline electronics ban to ICAO 15 : 01 middle east Sinai clashes leave 10 Egypt troops, 15 militants dead 14 : 51 Turkey Norway should extradite 5 soldiers: Turkey’s Deputy PM 13 : 51 asia - pacific Indian supreme court adjourns Babri Mosque case again 13 : 34 Turkey Turkey refuses to join Raqqah operation with PKK/PYD 11 : 50 world UK police arrest 8 after London terror attack 11 : 48 middle east Hundreds of Egypt students stricken with food poisoning 11 : 41 culture and art Istanbul Photo Awards jury selects winners 11 : 21 Turkey Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better 19 : 17 world US-led anti-Daesh campaign hitting new phase 17 : 53 Turkey Turkish Deputy PM slams Norway over FETO asylums analysis news US-Europe defense relations under Trump OPINION: Iran’s perennial reformist-conservative fracas US-Turkey relations during Tillerson’s honeymoon Is regional federalism the solution for Iraq? Africa, Trump and the politics of aid Billionaire David Rockefeller dies at age 101 1 / 1 Billionaire David Rockefeller dies at age 101 analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
Search Latest Sport Lifestyle Politics Opinion Features Business Multimedia Traffic 20°C [LISTEN] Why has University of Pretoria opened Afrikaans-only residence? Local Witness: Accused saw Lekita Moore on night she was killed Local Sunken South Korean ferry emerges 3 years after disaster World Aarto demerit system could include errant learner drivers Local Pair in coffin assault case to face new charges Local Boy (13) killed in suspected WC gang violence Local US embassies ordered to ID population groups for tougher visa screening World Popular Topics SASSA Chief Justice Office Sassa beneficiaries Joe Mafela View all in Latest Maritzburg United confirms Roger De Sa exit Sport No sweeping Vettel up in Ferrari hype Sport Collina calls for steps against abuse towards referees Sport [LISTEN] Why are so many rugby players leaving SA? Sport De Kock an injury concern for third Test Sport [WATCH] South Africa takes gold, silver and two bronze at Special Olympics Sport Uefa considers squad limits, transfer market changes Sport Popular Topics Manchester United The English Premier League Lewis Hamilton Jose Mourinho View all in Sport ‘Joe Mafela will forever live in hearts of South Africans’ Local Google unveils its ‘nightmare-inducing’ robot Lifestyle [WATCH LIVE] Memorial service for legendary actor Joe Mafela Local Selena Gomez bullied at Disney Channel Lifestyle Brand SA: Mafela made South Africans laugh even during tough times Local Joe Mafela memorial to be about laughter and celebration Local US, Canada lift global box office as international sales flat Lifestyle Terrence Howard: Be like grass Lifestyle Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie 'on talking terms’ Lifestyle This breath-test could help detect cancer Lifestyle View all in Lifestyle Zuma decides on JSC representatives Local Andile Lungisa wants ANC NEC to rule on his position Politics ANC calls for Zille to be axed over colonialism tweets Local Motlanthe: Electing young people to lead is the right move for ANC Local Zille to meet with DA's Breytenbach over colonialism tweets Local Hannes Baaitjies & Shuping Nose murder trial postponed Local DA seeks answers from ministers over chief justice office burglary Local Popular Topics Democratic Alliance Helen Zille Helen Zille colonialism tweets President Jacob Zuma View all in Politics [OPINION] SA stuck between hope and despair Opinion [OPINION] SA is no longer poster child for providing access to safe water Opinion [OPINION] SA has a model Bill of Rights. But it doesn’t feel that way Opinion [EXPLAINER] Helen Zille: How to be a good Twitterzen Opinion [ANALYSIS] The Great Justice Robbery - Zuma must dispel doubt & suspicion Opinion [OPINION] Why South Africa’s Constitution is under attack Opinion [OPINION] Accountability & the deplorable Dlamini Opinion Popular Topics Jacob Zuma Constitutional Court Bathabile Dlamini Sassa grants View all in Opinion [LIVE BLOG] Budget Speech 2017 Local [LIVE BLOG] State of the Nation Address 2017 Local [MAP] Fires wreak havoc across Western Cape Local World Economic Forum 2017 Matric Results 2016 2016: A look at the year in news Local [LIVE BLOG] ANC NEC briefing Local [LIVE BLOG] Black Friday fever hits SA Local Understanding municipal politics: Exploring fruitless & wasteful expenditure Local Municipal Spending: The key factors Local View all in Features Diamond group De Beers buys out retail partner LVMH Business Competition Commission conducts raids at fresh produce agents Local Coal Transportation Forum heads to court over IPPs Local DTI: SA can't afford to lose capacity in poultry sector Local Experts anticipate inflation rate to pull back even further during 2017 Local Stronger rand, inflation rate could lead to interest rate cuts - analyst Business Most UK employers don't plan to raise pay to match rising inflation – XpertHR World Popular Topics Competition Commission Spur Restaurant Collins Letsoalo Competition Commission of South Africa View all in Business Video [WATCH] Time lapse of Desmond Tutu art installation in CT [WATCH] South Africa takes gold, silver and two bronze at Special Olympics [WATCH] Witnesses describe 'horrendous' London attack Audio [LISTEN] Why has University of Pretoria opened Afrikaans-only residence? [LISTEN] Why are so many rugby players leaving SA? [LISTEN] Eldorado Park activist: Mob justice out of hand Infographics The US, UK device ban on planes Inside the London attack How to keep HIV in check Cartoons [CARTOON] Poephol With A Taste For Strife [CARTOON] #HumanRightsDay? [CARTOON] What a Twit! View all in Multimedia View all in Traffic Johannesburg Cape Town Pretoria Vereeniging Durban Plettenberg Bay Paarl Strand Rustenburg Bloemfontein Nelspruit George 20°C / 22°C Thu 25°C 14°C Fri 25°C 13°C Sat 21°C 13°C Sun 18°C 12°C Mon 23°C 12°C Tue 26°C 12°C Thu 23°C 16°C Fri 20°C 15°C Sat 24°C 14°C Sun 23°C 13°C Mon 22°C 14°C Tue 22°C 15°C Thu 28°C 15°C Fri 29°C 16°C Sat 24°C 15°C Sun 20°C 14°C Mon 25°C 13°C Tue 27°C 14°C Thu 28°C 14°C Fri 28°C 13°C Sat 25°C 15°C Sun 22°C 14°C Mon 27°C 13°C Tue 30°C 13°C Thu 29°C 22°C Fri 25°C 19°C Sat 20°C 17°C Sun 23°C 17°C Mon 26°C 19°C Tue 24°C 21°C Thu 21°C 17°C Fri 19°C 15°C Sat 19°C 14°C Sun 21°C 13°C Mon 21°C 16°C Tue 20°C 15°C Thu 25°C 14°C Fri 23°C 12°C Sat 27°C 11°C Sun 27°C 14°C Mon 22°C 13°C Tue 26°C 13°C Thu 21°C 15°C Fri 19°C 14°C Sat 23°C 13°C Sun 21°C 15°C Mon 19°C 15°C Tue 22°C 14°C Thu 28°C 15°C Fri 30°C 15°C Sat 28°C 16°C Sun 23°C 15°C Mon 27°C 14°C Tue 29°C 14°C Thu 29°C 16°C Fri 26°C 15°C Sat 25°C 13°C Sun 27°C 13°C Mon 30°C 11°C Tue 30°C 13°C Thu 28°C 16°C Fri 30°C 15°C Sat 19°C 15°C Sun 20°C 14°C Mon 26°C 11°C Tue 29°C 13°C Thu 21°C 15°C Fri 16°C 13°C Sat 18°C 12°C Sun 23°C 13°C Mon 21°C 13°C Tue 20°C 14°C Go Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his New York home. FILES: This file photo taken on 12 May 2010 shows David Rockefeller attending the 40th Washington Conference on the Americas David Rockefeller, the banker and philanthropist with the fabled family name who controlled Chase Manhattan bank for more than a decade died on 20 March 2017. He was 101. Picture: AFP Rockefeller Foundation David Rockefeller dies Email Print Tweet Share Reuters | 3 days ago NEW YORK – Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the US "gilded" era of robber barons, he was the son of John D Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York's Rockefeller Centre, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolise unpopular US banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings, Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolised by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Centre. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art - a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organisations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 405 hectares for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, Memoirs, in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate "Rockefeller Republicans" wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a PhD in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the US Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honour. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. Timeline The Africa Report: 30 May 1392 days ago More in World Sunken South Korean ferry emerges 3 years after disaster 12 minutes ago US embassies ordered to ID population groups for tougher visa screening 42 minutes ago London attacker British-born, had been investigated for extremism 57 minutes ago Police make eighth arrest after London attack 2 hours ago Saboteurs blew up arms warehouse - Ukraine military 4 hours ago Terror-hit UK mulls limiting public access to parliament 4 hours ago Comments EWN welcomes all comments that are constructive, contribute to discussions in a meaningful manner and take stories forward. However, we will NOT condone the following: - Racism (including offensive comments based on ethnicity and nationality) - Sexism - Homophobia - Religious intolerance - Cyber bullying - Hate speech - Derogatory language - Comments inciting violence. We ask that your comments remain relevant to the articles they appear on and do not include general banter or conversation as this dilutes the effectiveness of the comments section. We strive to make the EWN community a safe and welcoming space for all. EWN reserves the right to: 1) remove any comments that do not follow the above guidelines; and, 2) ban users who repeatedly infringe the rules. Should you find any comments upsetting or offensive you can also flag them and we will assess it against our guidelines. EWN is constantly reviewing its comments policy in order to create an environment conducive to constructive conversations. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus On Air Latest bulletin GAUTENG CAPE TOWN KFM Latest traffic report CAPE TOWN GAUTENG KFM People also read The truth about this white Lamborghini & the OR Tambo heist [FIRST ON EWN] Joburg woman raped in taxi in front of her son How to keep HIV in check Cop accidentally shoots, kills ranger at Kruger National Park Let the news come to you. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. Local World Politics Sport Business Lifestyle Opinion Features Video Audio iWitness EWN Apps Breaking News Alerts Traffic EWN.Mobi Newsletter Signups RSS Feeds EWN Whatsapp Alerts Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Comments Policy COPYRIGHT 2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Terms & Conditions | Privacy | PAIA Choose an EWN Twitter account Follow @ewnreporter Follow @ewnupdates Follow @ewnsport Follow @ewntraffic Choose an EWN app iOS Android
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks PSL scandal military courts pakistan census RaddulFasaad Trump Print Story X Print Story Home / world / Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 | By  RREUTERS | March 20, 2017 World 0 0 NEW YORK: Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the US "gilded" era of robber barons, he was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York's Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolize unpopular US banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings, Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolized by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art - a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organizations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, "Memoirs," in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate "Rockefeller Republicans" wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the US Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. 0 0 Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 was posted in world of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on March 20, 2017 and was last updated on March 20, 2017. This news story is related to Billionaire, Philanthropist, David Rockefeller, Dies, New York. Permanent link to the news story "Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/134981-Billionaire-philanthropist-David-Rockefeller-dies-at-age-101. More From World: March 23, 2017 Pakistani among two drug dealers executed by Saudi Arabia March 23, 2017 London attacker British-born, had been investigated over extremism concerns March 23, 2017 British PM May says terrorists will be defeated March 23, 2017 Dubai airport chief says electronics ban will have minimal impact on passenger numbers March 23, 2017 Three French pupils hurt in London attack March 23, 2017 Trump, May hold phone call after London attack: White House March 22, 2017 Scottish parliament increases security, says no indication of threat to Scotland March 22, 2017 India jails Hindu radicals for life over Ajmer Sharif blast Latest News 1 hour ago Pakistani among two drug dealers executed by Saudi Arabia 1 hour ago Man devises mechanism to reuse dirty water at home in Karachi 1 hour ago Military parade in capital marks Pakistan Day celebrations 1 hour ago London attacker British-born, had been investigated over extremism concerns 2 hours ago British PM May says terrorists will be defeated 3 hours ago Amir Khan parts ways with family, says they ripped him off GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Limited time offer, subscribe & save 25% Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Terror attack on UK parliament leaves 5 dead and 40 injured Westminster attacker was British born and known to MI5, May says Barnier warns UK of queues and shortages if Brexit talks fail Tillerson was ‘stunned’ to be offered US secretary of state job Trump’s relations with Moscow come under deeper scrutiny US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Tillerson was ‘stunned’ to be offered US secretary of state job Trump’s relations with Moscow come under deeper scrutiny How will the laptop ban affect airline passengers? Howard Schultz for US president? Trumponomics is unlikely to sustain the bull market Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Deutsche slips in European investment bank rankings Ivankanomics and the art of being cheap US bank bosses warn on London jobs as Brexit approaches Amazon to acquire Middle Eastern online retailer Souq.com Disparity between US and UK airline curbs baffles experts Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read European markets join selling as Trump trade falters Why are investors on edge over Trump’s healthcare vote? Stocks sell-off is not alarming but does point to doubts Wall Street stabilises after steep sell-off Fine wine and copper bound by China link Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read How uncertainty became the ‘new normal’ for Mexico A Franco-German bargain to save Europe Howard Schultz for US president? Trumponomics is unlikely to sustain the bull market Macron misses his moment in French debate Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read British business will need its foreign language speakers Indian students turn away from US and UK business schools Robert Kelly’s children remind us how pompous we are at work Stoicism is having a moment in the robot revolution Overqualified applicants will be your best hires Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How China ended the era of western domination Ivankanomics and the art of being cheap Is your commute worth the pain? The real cost of getting to work What India’s colonial legacy tells us about Brexit Yuval Noah Harari on the future according to Facebook Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times David Rockefeller, banker and philanthropist, 1915-2017 Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for Limited Time Offer $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newsmusicpoliticshoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Glossary Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Glossary Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Get in Contact Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 0 News Business News Billionaire David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 The U.S. banker, philanthropist, presidential adviser, and heir to one of history’s most fabled fortunes was the world’s oldest billionaire. By snopes.com staff Mar 20th, 2017 0 David Rockefeller a billionaire philanthropist, who was the oldest member of the vaunted Rockefeller family, has died at the age of 101. Rockefeller’s spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel, said he died peacefully in his sleep on the morning of 20 March 2017 at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York. Rockefeller was the sixth child of John D. Rockefeller Jr. and the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller. Rockefeller also headed what is now JPMorgan Chase bank. After the passing of his elder siblings, Rockefeller had become the head of a widespread network of family interests in the business and philanthropic arenas, ranging from environmental conservation to the arts. To mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller donated 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to Maine. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Author: snopes.com staff Featured Image: Wikipedia Published: Mar 20th, 2017 Ask. Chat. Poke.Snopes Facebook Group View All Featured Video DidPresidentTrumpAnnouncePlanstoEndthe‘MealsonWheels’Program? Fact Check Politics Mar 16th, 2017 A budget blueprint released by the Trump administration would cut funding for a program that partially funds the Meals on Wheels program but would not end Meals on Wheels itself. View All Most Searched 7K Did President Trump Announce Plans to End the ‘Meals on Wheels’ Program? Fact Check Politics Mar 16th, 2017 A budget blueprint released by the Trump administration would cut funding for a program that partially funds the Meals on Wheels program but would not end Meals on Wheels itself. 5K Does Melania Trump’s NYC Security Cost Twice the NEA’s Budget? Fact Check Feb 2nd, 2017 One report claimed the cost of protecting the First Lady while she lives in New York City would be around $300 million per year. 5K Did Trump Golf Six Times After Complaining About Obama’s Golfing Habits? Fact Check Politics Feb 23rd, 2017 Images assert that President Trump went golfing six times during his first month in office despite frequently criticizing President Obama for golfing while in office. 61K Is Hobby Lobby Closing All Their Stores? Fact Check Medical Updated The recirculation of a several-year-old, misleadingly headlined news story has spread the mistaken belief that the Hobby Lobby chain is closing. 0 Did Tom Price Say It Is ‘Better for Our Budget If Cancer Patients Die More Quickly’? Fact Check Fake News Mar 17th, 2017 A statement attributed to U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price about the budget benefits of cancer patients' dying quickly is apocryphal. View All Most Shared 7K Did President Trump Announce Plans to End the ‘Meals on Wheels’ Program? Fact Check Politics Mar 16th, 2017 A budget blueprint released by the Trump administration would cut funding for a program that partially funds the Meals on Wheels program but would not end Meals on Wheels itself. 12K Did NBC Remove a Reference to Christ from an Interview with the Family of a Deceased Navy SEAL? Fact Check Political News Updated The interview segment in question appears to have been kept intact, without additional editing to remove references to Christ. 5K Does Melania Trump’s NYC Security Cost Twice the NEA’s Budget? Fact Check Feb 2nd, 2017 One report claimed the cost of protecting the First Lady while she lives in New York City would be around $300 million per year. 18K Does ‘Paint Thinner’ Trisodium Phosphate Lurk in Cereals? Fact Check Food Updated Trisodium phosphate is a common and safe additive used in small amounts in various foods, not a form of 'paint thinner.' 61K Is Hobby Lobby Closing All Their Stores? Fact Check Medical Updated The recirculation of a several-year-old, misleadingly headlined news story has spread the mistaken belief that the Hobby Lobby chain is closing. More from Snopes What’s New Hot 50 Random About Us Fact Check FAQ News Glossary RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK ×
CLOSE X Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Thu 23 Mar news politics BUSINESS Business Report Personal Finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel SUBSCRIBE special features sassa debacle trump's america zimbabwe news politics business business report personal finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel multimedia newspapers cape community about iol news world World All News Crime & Courts | Politics | South Africa South Africa Western Cape Gauteng Mpumalanga Limpopo Eastern Cape North West Northern Cape Kwazulu Natal Free State | Africa | World | Opinion | Back Page | Special Features Special Features SASSA Debacle Trump's America Zimbabwe | Advertisement Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 World | 20 March 2017 New York – Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. Share this story David Rockefeller File picture: Stan Honda/AFP One of the few remaining links to the US "gilded" era of robber barons, he was the son of John D Rockefeller Jr, who developed New York's Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolise unpopular US banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings, Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolised by his famed 100 000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art – a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10 000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organisations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, "Memoirs," in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate "Rockefeller Republicans" wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the US Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. Reuters Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 Disgraced former SABC executive in line for top job 2 Black woman, you're on your own 3 Former Miss SA forces couple to apologise for 'monkey' slur 4 #ORTamboHeist: Lambo owner is no thief, says lawyer 5 PICS: London attack death toll rises to 5 Advertisement X COMPANY About IOL Contact us Feedback Follow us on EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel LISTINGS & MORE Newspapers Classifieds Careers Community Weather IOL IN YOUR INBOX Sign up to receive breaking news in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us Ⓒ 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Yogi Adityanath Trivendra Singh Rawat Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World Billionaire banker, philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 Shares1 Mon, 20 Mar 2017-10:17pm , Reuters Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, "died peacefully in his sleep" of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the U.S. "gilded" era of robber barons, he was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York's Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolize unpopular U.S. banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Rockefeller was born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings. His brother, Nelson Rockefeller, served as vice president under U.S. President Gerald Ford after being elected as governor of New York for four terms starting in 1959. David Rockefeller's nephew, Jay Rockefeller, was a longtime U.S. senator from West Virginia. David Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolized by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art - a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organizations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, "Memoirs," in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate "Rockefeller Republicans" wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World This story of how a rescued dog saved the life of a 3-year-old girl will make your day! World Sunken South Korean ferry that killed 304 emerges three years after disaster World UK Parliament Attacks: The world unites and expresses solidarity with Great Britain World UK Parliament attack: Seven arrested in raids; police say attacker was inspired by international terrorism World Trump fights for healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives World UK Parliament terror attack: Eiffel Tower goes dark to pay tribute to victims Video Top quotes by Bhagat Singh to commemorate Shaheed Diwas 2017 It's time to end gender stereotyping roles for parenting! Watch: Unrepentant, Shiv Sena MP admits to beating Air India staff 25 times with his slipper! View all Tags David Rockefeller Jay Rockefeller Nelson Rockefeller Rockefeller University Manhattan Iran Japan Jimmy Carter John F. Kennedy Maine North America Trilateral Commission Western Europe Abby Americas Society Charles Lindbergh Chemical Bank China Cold War Forbes France Harvard University Henry Kissinger JPMorgan Chase Kathleen London School of Economics North Africa Peggy Sigmund Freud Soviet Union Standard Oil United States University of Chicago West Virginia New York Rockefeller Center U. S. Army Chase Manhattan Gerald Ford John D. Rockefeller Jr. Modern Art JPMorgan Chase & Co. London School Manhattan Rockefeller Center Mark Rothko Pinochet SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News "Medical attention cannot wait": HC, directs striking doctors Yogi's slaughterhouse ban hits Lucknow's 'Tunday Kababi' Greek objections mar preparations for EU's 60th birthday Siemens wins order from Bangladesh Rural Electrification Board Gaikwad writes to Aviation Minsiter, LS Speaker justifying his assault on AI staffer Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Is Aishwarya Rai Bachchan MIFFED with Karan Johar for skipping her father's funeral?KJo missed Krishnaraj Rai funeral last weekend... Piracy, TV telecast of films biggest concern for producers Telugu film producer, Daggubati Suresh Babu, says that I don't consider myself a tech-savvy person: Deepika Padukone Wait, WHAT?? Hazel Keech RUBBISHES rumours of her and Yuvraj Singh doing 'Nach Baliye 8' Money AI mulling preparing a no-fly list for unruly passengers Airtel to acquire Tikona Networks' 4G biz for about Rs 1,600cr Finmin, bankers to meet on utilising excess liquidity Govt sanctions Rs 5,021 crore to 10 states hit by disasters Singh said under the Comprehensive Telecom Development Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Mar 23, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Deaths David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 He died today in his sleep at home in Pocantico Hills ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 20, 2017 David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. April of 1981 ASSOCIATED PRESS The five Rockefeller Brothers pose for photos in New York as they gather to receive gold medals from the National Institute of social sciences. November of 1967. ASSOCIATED PRESS David Rockefeller participates in the C40 Large Cities Climate Summit in New York. May of 2007. ASSOCIATED PRESS David Rockefeller, left, chairman of the Council Americas, shakes hands with President Ronald Reagan at the State Department in Washington. May of 1984. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died today in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family’s fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. And unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as “the cousins,” are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller’s later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Related Items David Rockefeller , united states , north america , new york , New York City Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars GAMES Netmarble to raise $2.4 billion in IPO for it mobile gaming business Dean Takahashi@deantak March 20, 2017 9:15 AM Tags: GB Featured, Kabam, Lineage2: Revolution, Marvel Future Fight, Marvel: Contest of Champions, mobile games, Netmarble Above: Lineage2: Revolution is a huge hit in South Korea. Image Credit: Netmarble Netmarble Games has filed papers to raise $2.4 billion in an initial public offering (IPO). The Seoul-based company is South Korea’s largest maker of mobile games, with hits such as Marvel: Future Fight, and it recently acquired the Vancouver division of Kabam, maker of Marvel: Contest of Champions, as part of its drive into Western games. The IPO would be South Korea’s biggest since Samsung’s insurance arm went public in 2010. Netmarble also has a huge hit on its hands with Lineage2: Revolution, a mobile game that made more than $176 million in revenues in its first month in South Korea. Netmarble is preparing to launch the game in other markets beyond South Korea. Above: Marvel Contest of Champions has generated more than $200M in revenue. Image Credit: Kabam The company plans to sell 17 million shares at a price range of 121,000 South Korean won to 157,000 won, Netmarble said in a filing yesterday. Final pricing will be announced on April 24. Bang Jun-hyuk started the company in 2000 with 100 million won of capital (about $90,000), and the company is now the ninth-largest game publisher in the world, according to App Annie. NH Investment & Securities Co. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. are the lead management firms for the IPO. Korea Investment and Securities Co. and Citigroup Inc. are managers. Bang sold a stake in Netmarble to South Korea’s CJ in 2004. He quit in 2006 with health problems, and he returned after a five-year break. He is now the largest shareholder with 30.6 percent ownership, while CJ holds 27.6 percent and Tencent Holdings has 22 percent. Part of the money raised from the IPO will be used to pay down debts of 897 billion won, while 1 trillion won would be used for deals and investments. The company wants to be among the top five global game companies by 2020. In 2015, Netmarble invested $130 million in Jam City, formerly known as SGN. Netmarble’s Kabam division has recently had troubles with a flawed update to Marvel: Contest of Champions. The update was widely criticized and triggered a boycott by players. The game is still ranked No. 19 on App Annie’s top-grossing mobile games list on iOS. GB Latest News Plarium and Fox Interactive debut Rio: Match-3 Party mobile game Family Guy: Another Freakin’ Mobile Game attempts to bring the show’s humor to the match-3 field View more ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Banker, philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 He was the last of a generation of Rockefeller brothers who influenced government, geopolitics, business and the arts. By Ed Adamczyk   |   March 20, 2017 at 12:37 PM Follow @upi Comments 1 of 3 | License Photo March 20 (UPI) -- David Rockefeller, banker, philanthropist and presidential adviser, died Monday at 101, a statement from a family spokesman said. Rockefeller achieved fame as a philanthropist, CEO of the Chase Manhattan Bank in a 35-year banking career there and confidant of world leaders. He was considered the world's oldest billionaire. He was the last surviving grandson of John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil, and his death ends a chapter in the storied Rockefeller dynasty; he and his brothers -- David, Laurance, John, Nelson and Winthrop -- were heavily involved in politics, government, business, philanthropy and the arts in ways unequaled by other U.S. families. "The range of David Rockefeller's business and philanthropic and political connections is perhaps unequaled," said Ron Chernow, author of a 1998 biography, Bloomberg News reported Monday. Unlike his brothers, David Rockefeller stayed in the corporate business world but extended his influence to geopolitics, remaking Chase as a global bank and meeting with dozens of presidents, kings and prime ministers. In a 2003 interview, he suggested he knew more world leaders than anyone, with the possible exception of Henry Kissinger. He was criticized for meeting with Cuban leader Fidel Castro and Iraq's Saddam Hussein, and for suggesting to President Jimmy Carter that he allow the deposed shah of Iran to visit the United States for medical treatment; the shah's arrival led to the seizure of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran from 1979-81. He retired from Chase Bank at 65. Now JPMorgan Chase & Co., it is the United States' largest bank by assets. He played a key role in developing the Wall Street financial district and the construction of the World Trade Center in the 1960s and 1970s, in a manner similar to his father's building of Rockefeller Center in the 1930s. His philanthropic endeavors include large donations to the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, the Museum of Modern Art, co-founded in New York City by his mother, medical research school Rockefeller University, founded by his grandfather, and Harvard University, his alma mater. His fortune was estimated in 2012 at $2.7 billion. In his 90s he still traveled more than half the year on behalf of Chase, or groups like the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission. He married his wife, Margaret, in 1940, who died in 1996. They had six children. David Rockefeller was the last surviving brother of his generation. Venture capitalist and environmentalist Laurance died in 2004; Nelson, a four-term governor of New York and U.S. vice president under President Gerald Ford, died in 1979; John D. Rockefeller III led the fundraising effort to develop New York's Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and died in a 1978 automobile accident; and Winthrop, who died in 1973, was the former governor of Arkansas. A sister, Abby Rockefeller Mauze, died in 1976. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Laurance Spelman Rockefeller dies at 94 David Rockefeller's son killed in Friday morning plane crash Auction house has high hopes for Rothko David Rockefeller pledges $100M to MOMA Comments Topics: Henry Kissinger, Fidel Castro, Saddam Hussein, Jimmy Carter, Gerald Ford, John D. Rockefeller, World Trade Center Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Trending President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos Latest Headlines Fire destroys North Dakota church owned by white supremacist Craig Cobb 21 minutes ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- A church in Nome, N.D., purchased by self-proclaimed white supremacist Craig Cobb burned to the ground, police said. GOP healthcare plan up for House vote Thursday 47 minutes ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- The House will vote on the American Health Care Act, the GOP plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, but it is not clear if the legislation will pass. Watch live: Sean Spicer gives daily press briefing 2 hours ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- Press secretary Sean Spicer on Thursday is scheduled to hold a daily press briefing at the White House. 17,000 AT&T technicians strike for second day 2 hours ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- About 17,000 unionized AT&T technicians in Nevada and California are on strike for a second day over benefits cutbacks, hiring reductions and work assignments. Watch live: Day 4 of Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch's Senate hearing 3 hours ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- The Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday is set to grill Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch for the fourth day. Trending Stories House intel chair under fire for remarks on surveillance of Trump team U.S. to pay $1M to family of Mexican teen who died while in custody London attack: Man kills 3, injures 40 outside British Parliament U.S. deploys supersonic bombers to Korean peninsula Ex-pharmacy exec convicted in nationwide meningitis outbreak PHOTOS On the red carpet at Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos In photos: Tyra Banks through the years Stars attend 'Beauty and the Beast' screening in New York Activists protest the Dakota Access Pipeline in Washington, D.C. John Goodman honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   | THE GRID POPULAR FRONT PAGE Today Yesterday Pick a Date SUGGEST A STORY   NO MORE STORIES US / David Rockefeller David Rockefeller Dead at 101 Rockefeller grandson was a billionaire philanthropist By Newser Editors and Wire Services Posted Mar 20, 2017 11:08 AM CDT 72 comments Comments In this May 15, 2007, file photo, David Rockefeller participates in the C40 Large Cities Climate Summit in New York.   (Richard Drew)In this May 15, 2007, file photo, David Rockefeller participates in the C40 Large Cities Climate Summit in New York.   (Richard Drew) View 3 more images (Newser) – David Rockefeller, the billionaire businessman and philanthropist who was the last in his generation of one of the country's most famously philanthropic families, died Monday, the AP reports. He was 101. Rockefeller died in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, per a spokesman. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of six children born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. With the passing of his siblings, he became the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Aspects of the Rockefeller brothers' upbringing became famous, including the 25-cent allowance, portions of which had to be set aside for charity and savings, and the inculcation that wealth brings great responsibility. Two of his brothers held elected office: Nelson Rockefeller served as the governor of New York, hungered for the White House, and briefly served as vice president. Winthrop Rockefeller was a governor of Arkansas. David Rockefeller, however, wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center; he also ran Chase Manhattan, now JPMorgan Chase, for 35 years. And unlike his other brothers, John D. III and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, and his philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, married in 1940 and had six children.   View 3 more images My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   23% Hilarious 24% Intriguing 18% Depressing 32% Brilliant 2% Scary 2% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 72 comments Copyright 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. AP contributed to this report. You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Popular on Newser Family of Teen Who Drank Liquid Meth at Border Gets $1M 1 Inmate Left to Die as Broken Neck Ignored for Days 2 Mother of 3 Found After Disappearing 11 Years Ago 3 Question From Teenage Boy Leaves Gorsuch Speechless 4 Scientists Issue Dire Warning on Christ's Tomb 5 Wall Street Journal Delivers Blistering Trump Editorial 6 Family of 5 Wiped Out in Highway Wreck 7 Other Stories On Our Radar Here's What We Know About the London Terror Attack Cheerleaders Posted Nude Pics of a Teammate Online, and Their Coach's Reaction Was Sickening The Surprising Reason People Don't Believe in Climate Change, According to Science Dozens of People Watched Teen Girl Get Raped on FB Live and Did Nothing To Stop It Partner Links Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 72 comments bubbahotepppp Mar 21, 2017 3:22 AM CDT So young. Life isn't fair. Hal9000 Mar 20, 2017 10:45 PM CDT Evil does die!, now if the rest will follow suit Gt411 Mar 20, 2017 8:26 PM CDT Good, but way too late. View all 72 comments Leave a comment News From Our Partners Israeli Police Make Arrest In Threats Against US Jewish Community Centers Security In NYC Remains Tight In Wake Of London Attack UK Police: Raids, Multiple Arrests In Connection With London Attack Go to CBS Local This Is How You Negotiate a Better Deal Driving in India? Damned Near Religious The Science of Fear (and Facing It) Go to Ozy Dale Earnhardt Jr. calls out the NASCAR driver that called him a d**k It’s time to deep clean that Keurig — here’s how you do it If this doesn’t stop you from texting and driving, nothing will Go to Rare ‘Cash Me Outside’ Girl Has Troubling Response To Vid Of Brutal Fight With Mom Selena Gomez Has Cringeworthy Reply To Joke About Justin Bieber And The Weeknd Photos Of Brave Strangers Helping London Terror Attack Victims Will Give You... Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 23rd, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 Poll Do you think the province should move quickly to enact laws banning minors from using tanning beds? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Deepti Hajela, The Associated Press on March 20, 2017. FILE - In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/D. Pickoff, File) NEW YORK – David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family’s fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice-president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. And unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and travelled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favoured assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as “the cousins,” are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. Under Rockefeller, Chase – now known as JPMorgan Chase – was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller’s later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 per cent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honour, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children – David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe Trinity River Guide Newcomer's Guide Podcasts Magazines Subscribe Leave Us Feedback News Food Entertainment Home Health Business Weddings Neighborhood Guides Let’s Make Dallas Even Better Commercial Real Estate CRE Opinion: Why Data Center Users Choose Texas North Texas boasts some of the nation’s lowest power costs, contributing to making it one of the fastest growing markets in the country. By Michael Lahoud Published in Commercial Real Estate March 20, 2017 11:12 am The Texas Data Center Market Michael Lahoud The Texas data center market historically attracts a steady amount of data center demand, but over the past several years, activity has exceeded expectations. Its central U.S. location, skilled workforce, and tax incentives available for data center users are strong reasons why companies find the state attractive for their IT infrastructure. Data center growth occurs in Texas for many of the same reasons companies flourish in the pro-business state, which is proven by the 54 Fortune 500 companies currently calling Texas home. The majority of the state’s electric capacity is managed by ERCOT (Electric Reliability Council of Texas), which provides reliable and robust power delivery. Coupled with the strong economy and impressive GDP growth, Texas is well positioned to win data center projects for years to come. A Closer Look at the Top Texas Data Center Markets Dallas-Fort Worth Dallas is considered either the second or third largest data center market in the United States (opinions vary) and the largest in Texas. The area boasts some of the nation’s lowest power costs. Current market conditions allow for long-term energy contracts with all-in rates below $0.05 per kWh. Add to this, the connectivity available and an economic climate that is favorable for business growth, and it’s not surprising to see DFW as one of the fastest growing markets in the country. The demand for data center space comes in a variety of sizes, including small to mid-size businesses seeking single-cabinet leases, as well as global companies needing large amounts of space and power. A recent trend in Dallas is the construction of data center shell facilities. This approach allows data center operators to accommodate demand in a timely manner, while preserving capital. DFW’s data center market originated in and around Dallas’ central business district due to the rich telecommunication infrastructure put in place by some of the original Internet companies. This led to several buildings being retrofitted to accommodate data center users (e.g. Infomart Dallas, 2323 Bryan, among others). Today, these buildings act as interconnection hubs for some of the largest consumers of data center space in the world. North Texas cities such as Richardson, Plano, and Carrollton benefited from the growth by offering sites and buildings with expansion opportunities. In addition, most colocation providers in the DFW market are choosing to construct new facilities instead of retrofitting existing buildings worthy of conversion. Over the last several years, corporations like Toyota, State Farm, Pizza Hut, and J.P. Morgan Chase established large office locations in surrounding suburbs north of Dallas. Many data center operators responded to the growth of these enterprises by building or expanding campuses within close proximity (Plano, Richardson, Garland, and Frisco), ensuring these companies would have access to robust data center facilities. Although Fort Worth has not historically seen the demand of Dallas, Facebook’s decision to deploy approximately 750,000 square feet of data center space in 2015 is certainly worth mentioning. Based on announced expansion, the campus is projected to be as large as 2.5 million square feet with a price tag of $1 billion. Houston Houston’s primary economic growth engine is the energy industry, which has contributed in past years to data center growth in this market. Despite the recent energy industry decline and its impact on data center demand, the market remains healthy from these companies altering their IT strategies. Companies that would have historically leveraged capital dollars to build their own facilities are more inclined to lease space from the quality mix of data center providers with capacity in Houston. Furthermore, Houston’s evolving healthcare market is fueling additional demand from organizations interested in outsourcing their company’s IT infrastructure. San Antonio San Antonio’s economic environment helps accelerate data center opportunities in the city, as the business-friendly economy is rooted in numerous industries, including aerospace/aviation, bioscience/healthcare, financial services, manufacturing, military/defense, and technology. The significant San Antonio data center development activity occurs in Westover Hills, a suburb northwest of the city. The robust infrastructures, reasonable power cost, and low-risk of natural disasters attract organizations seeking economically viable data center solutions. Companies such as Microsoft, Frost Bank, and government agencies all have a data center presence in this area. San Antonio’s graywater recycling system, a program that helps reduce water consumption, was one of the key reasons Microsoft selected the city for the company’s central Texas data center. Austin With a low unemployment rate and increasing job growth, Austin attracts data center users for reasons different than Dallas, Houston, and San Antonio. Austin is also a growing tech hub for both large enterprises and startups, which appeals to data center users with smaller IT requirements (less than 500kW). The city, centrally located in the state, provides a low-risk of natural disasters. Most colocation providers choose to locate in the Met Center business park in Southeast Austin. With more than 500-acres of land, this area serves as an ideal location for data center operators interested in attracting companies with infrastructure needs. The traditional data center market in Texas continues to shift to meet the growing demand for data center services, creating increased opportunities for new and existing providers, along with pricing pressure to maintain a favorable industry position. The rise in demand also shows that companies are more frequently trading in their on-premise technology operations for outsourced services from data center providers. Michael Lahoud is a senior vice president at Stream Data Centers. Commercial Real Estate Most Popular What Will Happen to North Texas' Dreamers? By Matt Goodman & Staci Parks Hot Property: A Bright New Build in the Bishop Arts District By Caitlin Clark Windmill Lounge Gets Sold to Ivy Tavern Owners By Nancy Nichols Dallas Real Estate Startup Called Door Raises $2.3M By Danielle Abril Peter Sessions’ No Good, Very Bad Town Hall By Christine Allison Keep me up to date on the latest happenings and all that D Magazine has to offer. Related Content Commercial Real Estate Photo Recap: D CEO’s 2017 Power Brokers Event Carly Mann Commercial Real Estate: Individuals Gable Mansfield Commercial Real Estate Distribution Center at Fort Worth’s Mercantile Center Changes Hands Lily Corral Comments D Magazine Partners 750 North St.Paul St. Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75201 Tel: 214.939.3636 Fax: 214.748.4579 CONTACT US Sections FrontBurner Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Nightlife Home & Design Shopping & Fashion Health & Fitness Business & Economy Weddings Publications D Magazine D Home D CEO Subscribe Renew Subscriber Services Company Info About Us Masthead Job Openings Internships Awards Customer Service Advertise Media Kits Events Case Studies Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Copyright © 2017, D Magazine Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Advertisement will run for seconds. Continue to site »
Search for: Menu Home National Punjab Sindh Balochistan Khyber PK World Events Breaking News Sports Cricket Football Life & Style Health Celebrities Film Games SCI-TECH Science Social Media Technology Programs Current Afairs Faisla Aap Ka Spot Light Islamabad Tonight with Rehman Azhar Rubaroo Talk Shows Awaz Sawal Hai Pakistan Ka Pakistan At 7 Infotainment Good Morning Aaj Kahani Kay Pechay Target Aman Barabri Kay Saath Paisa Bolta Hai Qaidi No. Entertainment BUSINESS Watch AAJ TV Live اردو Home / Latest / Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 in New York Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 in New York Posted on March 20, 2017 by Asim Malik in Latest, World —Reuters Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the U.S. “gilded” era of robber barons, he was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York’s Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world’s most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolize unpopular U.S. banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile’s Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings, Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family’s estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolized by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan’s Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York’s largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art – a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organizations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city’s poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, “Memoirs,” in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate “Rockefeller Republicans” wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party’s moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller’s wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. —Reuters Tagged Chase Manhattan Corp David Rockefeller Post navigation Previous Previous post: Nexus 6P vs Nexus 5X, which one is better? Tweet Related Posts Plane crashes into Philippines slum, 13 dead Brown defends Afghanistan strategy as deaths mount Indian investigators continue hunt for Mumbai bombers Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest News Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 in New York Nexus 6P vs Nexus 5X, which one is better? China warns US over arms sales to Taiwan Thousands of facilitators and financers of terrorists arrested: Senate informed Road checking campaign against tax defaulting vehicles launched Archive March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   National Punjab Sindh Khyber PK Balochistan World Africa Europe South Asia U.S.A Entertainment Celebrities Film Games Music Company About us Contact Us Career distribution Copyright © 2017 AAJ NEWS. All rights reserved.
Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 2017-03-20T20:56:13Z2017-03-20T20:56:24Z David Rockefeller smiles during a ceremony at Mount Desert, ME. (Source: AP/ Michael C. York) By DEEPTI HAJELA Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) - David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that "touched and lifted innumerable lives," Rockefeller's "connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties - yours truly certainly included," said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a "wonderful friend" to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase - now known as JPMorgan Chase - was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. "Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad," former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. "His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more." Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children - David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> David Rockefeller Sr., billionaire banker and philanthropist, dies at age 101 David Rockefeller Sr., billionaire banker and philanthropist, dies at age 101 Posted: Tuesday, January 3 2017 5:22 PM EST2017-01-03 22:22:08 GMT Updated: Monday, March 20 2017 12:58 PM EDT2017-03-20 16:58:56 GMT David Rockefeller Sr. was a billionaire international banker and philanthropist who was the last surviving grandchild of the Standard Oil founder.   More >> David Rockefeller Sr. was a billionaire international banker and philanthropist who was the last surviving grandchild of the Standard Oil founder.  More >> NationalMore>> Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:17:21 GMT Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin.More >> Four people including a police officer are dead and a suspect is in custody after shootings at a bank and a law firm, followed by a standoff at an apartment complex in northern Wisconsin.More >> GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:09 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:27 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:27:10 GMT A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters. More >> A late-night meeting of moderate-leaning members Wednesday broke up without resolution or a deal as most lawmakers left out of side exits and avoided talking to reporters.More >> Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler dies at 86; led oldest diocese in US Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died.More >> Cardinal William Keeler, who helped ease tensions between Catholics and Jews and headed the oldest Roman Catholic diocese in the U.S. for 18 years, has died.More >> Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:47 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:47:12 GMT Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city.More >> Donald Trump Jr. is facing criticism for tweeting in the hours after Wednesday's London attack a months-old comment from London Mayor Sadiq Khan that terror attacks are part of living in a big city.More >> Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Some of the youngest opioid victims are curious toddlers Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:17:19 GMT Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids.More >> Some of the youngest victims of the nation's opioid epidemic are children under age 5 who die after swallowing opioids.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 27° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Spring Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Region/StateNews David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dies at age 101 March 20, 2017 11:20 AM By The Associated Press Reprints + - In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. Photo Credit: AP advertisement | advertise on newsday David Rockefeller, the billionaire businessman and philanthropist who was the last in his generation of one of the country's most famously philanthropic families, died Monday. He was 101. Rockefeller died in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. Most Popular Cops: 5 hurt when ambulance crashes into pole; highway shut Cops: Man sexually abused 2-year-old girl, stabbed women Census: Suffolk population declines in 2016, Nassau up LI company closing lab that employs 128 News agency: London attacker was 'soldier of' Islamic State He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of six children born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. With the passing of his siblings, he became the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. PhotosShocking celeb deathsSee alsoSee more LI, U.S. obits To mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Aspects of the Rockefeller brothers' upbringing became famous, including the 25-cent allowance, portions of which had to be set aside for charity and savings, and the inculcation that wealth brings great responsibility. Two of his brothers held elected office: Nelson Rockefeller served as the governor of New York, hungered for the White House and briefly served as vice president. Winthrop Rockefeller was a governor of Arkansas. advertisement | advertise on newsday David Rockefeller, however, wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. And unlike his other brothers, John D. III and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. CelebritiesRecent notable deaths "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with The Manhattan Company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and chief executive officer eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn $1 million and then find ways to avoid paying taxes on it. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes and never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," has more people. advertisement | advertise on newsday Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now JPMorgan Chase & Co. — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with New York's Museum of Modern Art, of which his mother had been a fervent patron. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. advertisement | advertise on newsday One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage News agency: London attacker was 'soldier of' Islamic State Israeli police arrest suspect in JCC threats JERUSALEM —  Israeli police on Thursday arrested a 19-year-old Israeli Jewish man as the primary House may vote today on GOP health care bill Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Spring Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Uber's Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad 2017 Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 20, 2017 12:16pm   Comments Share: Related GE Wall Street's M&A Chatter From March 20 Watch These 10 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade Pushed by Trian, GE to boost savings and tie bonuses to new targets (Seeking Alpha) Related JPM Despite Many Factors Stacking Up Against JPMorgan, Rafferty Capital Wants You To Own The Stock This Algo Is Bullish On Banks And Tech US Market Indexes Lower on Tuesday with Losses Led by Financials (GuruFocus) Uber's announcement on Monday that President Jeff Jones is leaving the company after less than a year on the job is just one of the many issues affecting the company. Jones joined Uber after leaving his post as Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT)'s chief marketing officer late last year. His move from one of the biggest retailers to the relatively new Silicon Valley startup was seen as a sign that the ride-hailing app is established enough to attract top executives. But Jones' statement to Recode that he is leaving the company because his approach to leadership is "inconsistent" with what was seen at Uber is raising serious questions — especially ahead of its much anticipated initial public offering. Sexual Assault Allegation A former Uber engineer Susan Fowler explained in a personal blog post what drove her from leaving Uber. Within a few weeks of joining the company in 2015 she said that the work atmosphere "started getting weird" as her manager made it obvious that "he was trying to get me to have sex with him." Fowler expected Uber's human resources team to handle the situation appropriately but "things played out quite a bit differently." She was told by the human resources team that it won't be giving the manager anything more than a warning because he is a high performer. In fact, she was only given the option of switching to another department or continue at her current job under the assumption she will receive poor performance reviews from the manager. The bigger problem for Uber is that Fowler wrote that many other women at Uber suffer from similar experiences, and her manager has received other complaints of sexual assault and inappropriate behavior. Aside from sexual assault allegations, Fowler described Uber's work culture as being in complete disarray: "In the background, there was a game-of-thrones political war raging within the ranks of upper management in the infrastructure engineering organization," she wrote. "It seemed like every manager was fighting their peers and attempting to undermine their direct supervisor so that they could have their direct supervisor's job." Travis Kalanick Vs. The President President Donald Trump quickly created a group of some of leading CEOs and executives. The business council served as a direct line of communication in which business leaders expressed their concerns to the president, and in return, the president asked of them how the regulatory and business environment can be improved on the White House's end. Uber's CEO Travis Kalanick was a member of the council which could have been viewed as a tremendous honor as Kalanick's name was ranked with the most prestigious executives in the world, including Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA)'s CEO Elon Musk, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM)'s CEO Jamie Dimon and Jack Welch, the former CEO of General Electric Company (NYSE: GE) who is considered to be one of the most highly respected CEOs in corporate history. However, given the political climate, Kalanick's membership on Trump's council was viewed by many as being an endorsement of Trump. As such, the hashtag #DeleteUber quickly spread across all social media platforms and the executive decided to remove himself from the group. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the President or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Recode quoted Kalanick as saying in a statement. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that." Is Kalanick The Right Leader? Bloomberg published a video in which Kalanick is arguing with an Uber drive. His "pugnacious personality and short temper" was now showcased to the world in a viral video. In fact, this isn't the first time Kalanick's attitude has gotten him in trouble. The Bloomberg report noted that he once referred to Uber as "Boober" because his celebrity-like status as the CEO of a "unicorn" improved his dating prospects. Also, Kalanick was described as being empathetic at times and "tyrannical" at others. So Now What? Chamath Palihapitiya, a notable venture capitalist, told CNBC last week that Uber can be a "fantastic" company but only after it fixes everything that is wrong with its culture. The problem is many would-be investors in an Uber IPO are now taking a second look at his comments which were made prior to Uber's president harsh words as part of him leaving the company in such a short span of time. Uber isn't the only pre-IPO company to face its fair share of controversies, including accusations of sexism at Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR). The fact is, it is quite common for companies to make mistakes as leaders are human after all. But when the mistakes pile up and there appears to be no accountability, investors could become unforgiving. Will Uber fix its image? The damage control appears to be growing by the day. Coupled with the fact that the company loses billions of dollars, the company's outlook isn't as bright today as it has been in the past. Related Link: Palihapitiya: Uber Can Be A 'Fantastic' Company, As Long As It Fixes The Culture Nasdaq's Head Of Listings Says IPOs So Far Are 'Muted' ______ Image Credit: By Dllu - Own work, CC BY-SA 4.0, via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Donald Trump Susan Fowler Travis Kalanick UberTravel Tech Media General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GE + JPM) Despite Many Factors Stacking Up Against JPMorgan, Rafferty Capital Wants You To Own The Stock Wall Street's M&A Chatter From March 20 This Algo Is Bullish On Banks And Tech So What If Corporations Pay Dividends With Repatriated Cash? Citigroup, JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs And Intel: Fast Money Picks For March 14 Watch These 10 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on GE Trending Recent 1 MSI, PLKI: 16 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 UTMD, RGNX: 18 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 FDX, SCS: 7 Stocks To Watch For March 21, 2017 4 TOPS, DRYS: Kalani Investments - Who They Are And Why T... 5 NKE, SLW: Earnings Scheduled For March 21, 2017 6 XLK: Alternative Stock Exchange IEX A... 7 IMMY, MNK: Imprimis Challenges Mal... 1 HIMX, LPL: Mid-Day Market Update: Duluth Surges On Earnings Beat; Diana Containers... 2 Financial Advisors Could Be Making Up To 20% More Money, And This Finte... 3 EXPE: The Travel Ban Has Had Limited Impact On Expedia 4 FMCC, FNMA: Fannie And Freddie Shareholders Shouldn't Expect Res... 5 How Fintech Is Leveling The Playing Field for FX And Cros... 6 FL, M: PreMarket Prep Recap, March 21: The Vice Index 7 AAL: American Airlines Lower After Morgan Stanley Downgrade View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Stock Market Risks Rise For The Coming Week Mid-Day Market Update: Nektar Surges After Positive Results From NKTR-181 Study; Cerulean Pharma Shares Drop
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News IPL 2017 Compare India MCD Elections Ind vs Aus Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsIPL 2017Compare IndiaMCD ElectionsInd vs Aus Latest News IPL 2017 Compare India MCD Elections Ind vs Aus Billionaire Philanthropist David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 in New York France Shudders After London Attack, Le Pen Demands Border Controls Pakistan Hosts Afghan Taliban Leaders to Talk Peace Talks Indian Sentenced to 10 Years in Jail for Spying in UAE News18 » World 4-min read Billionaire Philanthropist David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 in New York Reuters Updated: March 20, 2017, 9:39 PM IST Nelson Mandela poses for photographers with David Rockefeller following a business breakfast held at the Rockefeller Center in New York, September 18, 1998. (Photo: Reuters/File) New York: Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller, former head of Chase Manhattan Corp and patriarch of one of the most famous and influential American families, died on Monday, a family spokesman said. He was 101. Rockefeller, who reportedly gave away nearly $2 billion in his lifetime, died in his sleep of congestive heart failure at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, spokesman Fraser Seitel said in a statement. One of the few remaining links to the U.S. "gilded" era of robber barons, he was the son of John D. Rockefeller Jr., who developed New York's Rockefeller Center, and was the last living grandson of oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the family dynasty. He also embodied an era when globe-trotting bank chiefs worked with the world's most powerful politicians. During his time as head of Chase from 1969 to 1981, Rockefeller forged such a network of close relationships with governments and multinational corporations that observers said the bank had its own foreign policy. The Rockefeller name came to symbolize unpopular U.S. banking policies in debtor countries, and Rockefeller was scorned on the left for working with Chile's Augusto Pinochet and the shah of Iran. He also was viewed with anger on the right for pushing to open trade with China and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Trilateral Commission, a group Rockefeller founded in 1973 to foster relations between North America, Japan and Western Europe, came to be a regular target of the far-right and conspiracy theorists who said it was trying to create a one-world government. Rockefeller became embroiled in an international incident when in 1979 he and long-time friend Henry Kissinger helped persuade President Jimmy Carter to admit the shah of Iran to the United States for treatment of lymphoma, helping precipitate the Iran hostage crisis. Born in Manhattan as the youngest of six siblings, Rockefeller spent his childhood in New York City and at the family's estates, and recalled meeting such luminaries as Charles Lindbergh, Admiral Richard Byrd and Sigmund Freud. His ties to the internationally famous continued throughout his adulthood, symbolized by his famed 100,000-card Rolodex, housed in its own room next to his office in Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The site of the nine-story mansion where he was born, then New York's largest residence, is now part of the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother, Abby, helped found in 1929. Rockefeller collected beetles as a lifelong hobby and also acquired art - a Mark Rothko painting he bought in 1960 for less than $10,000 was auctioned for more than $72 million in May 2007. His fortune, investments in real estate, share of family trusts and other holdings were estimated at $3.3 billion in March 2017 by Forbes magazine. Seitel said Rockefeller had donated nearly $2 billion in his lifetime to organizations including the Museum of Modern Art in New York and Rockefeller University. In May 2015, he made a rare public appearance in Maine to mark his approaching 100th birthday by donating 1,000 acres (405 hectares) for preservation on exclusive Mount Desert Island. Rockefeller established several international and philanthropic associations: the Americas Society, the weighty Trilateral Commission to promote cooperation between North America, Europe and Japan, and the New York City Partnership to help the city's poor. Chase Manhattan grew from a $4.8 billion institution in 1946 when he joined to a bank with $76.2 billion in assets when he stepped down in April 1981. But it slipped from its standing then as No. 3 in the world and was purchased by Chemical Bank of New York in 1996. Today it is part of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He published his autobiography, "Memoirs," in 2002 and continued going to work every day into his 90s. He remained a lifelong member of the moderate "Rockefeller Republicans" wing of that party, including his 2006 co-founding of Republicans Who Care, to support the party's moderates. Rockefeller earned a degree from Harvard University in 1936 and did graduate work at the London School of Economics, where he met future President John F. Kennedy and dated his sister Kathleen. He was awarded a Ph.D in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. From 1940 to 1941 he was secretary to New York Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia and in 1942 he enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving in military intelligence in North Africa and France. Rockefeller was awarded the French Legion of Honor. Rockefeller's wife, Peggy, died in 1996. They had six children and 10 grandchildren. Chase Manhattan Corp David Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller dies First Published: March 20, 2017, 9:39 PM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Moment of Reckoning For Kohli, Smith and Dharamsala 2017 Nissan Terrano Facelift to Launch in India on March 27 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Review: An Affordable Redmi 3S Facelift Alia-Sidharth, Sonakshi-Bunty and Others Attend Anushka's Phillauri Special Screening Steven Smith Smitten by Picturesque Dharamsala Stadium About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News ACMA Study on Indian Automotive Market Estimates 228 Million Vehicles in India New Porsche Panamera Launched in India at Rs 1.93 Crore Deepa Jayakumar files nomination for R K Nagar assembly bypoll In pics: Team India Practice at Dharamsala Lamborghini Huracan Performante to Launch in India on April 7 Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
GR Edition US Edition Subscribe Login Thursday, March 23, 2017 | Week's Newspaper | NY 23 F | Αθήνα 68 F | EUR → USD 1.08 Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive Billionaire Businessman and Philanthropist David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 Staffn March 20, 2017 FILE - In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. (AP Photo/D. Pickoff, File) NEW YORK (AP) — David Rockefeller, the billionaire businessman and philanthropist who was the last in his generation of one of the country’s most famously philanthropic families, died Monday. He was 101. Rockefeller died in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills, New York, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of six children born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. With the passing of his siblings, he became the guardian of his family’s fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. To mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Aspects of the Rockefeller brothers’ upbringing became famous, including the 25-cent allowance, portions of which had to be set aside for charity and savings, and the inculcation that wealth brings great responsibility. Two of his brothers held elected office: Nelson Rockefeller served as the governor of New York, hungered for the White House and briefly served as vice president. Winthrop Rockefeller was a governor of Arkansas. David Rockefeller, however, wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. And unlike his other brothers, John D. III and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. “American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history,” he said. “The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be.” Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with The Manhattan Company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan’s president in 1961 and chairman and chief executive officer eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn $1 million and then find ways to avoid paying taxes on it. He didn’t say how much he paid in taxes and never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as “the cousins,” has more people. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. Under Rockefeller, Chase — now JPMorgan Chase & Co. — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. “I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen,” he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank’s substantial dealings with South Africa’s white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family’s patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with New York’s Museum of Modern Art, of which his mother had been a fervent patron. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson’s art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller’s later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, in 1998. Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Related News Spying Claim by Intel Chair Renews Fight over Russia Probe US Probes Manafort’s Financial Transactions in Cyprus, AP Says Tsipras Said He Doesn’t Need Rival Parties Backing for Bailout Deal Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Chef Sophia Manatakis to Appear on Chopped TNH's 50 Richest Greek-Americans 2014 List - Net Worth & More Close Embassies, Buy More Ammo - By Amb. Patrick N. Theros Greek Restoration Team "Resurrects" the Tomb of Jesus to its Former Glory Antigone by Sophocles on Theatre Row If you believe in our mission, please subscribe. It costs less than a cup of coffee a day. Please sign on, NOW Week’s Paper Special Issues About us Contact us Subscriptions COMMUNITY Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events GREECE Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science SPORTS Community Greece Cyprus International USA CYPRUS Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science CLASSIFIEDS OPINIONS Columnists Editorial Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Letter to the Editor Agora © Copyright 2015-2017 - The National Herald, Inc Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise Job @ TNH 342 queries in 0.285 seconds.
