Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hartford Financial Services Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Navient Corp (NAVI) Shares Bought by Coconut Grove Bank Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $6.894 Million Stake in Visteon Corp (VC) Advisor Partners LLC Takes Position in AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $3.539 Million Position in Emcor Group Inc (EME) InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) Position Lowered by Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Shares Bought by Coconut Grove Bank Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Purchases 451 Shares of Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Quadrant Capital Management LLC Acquires 800 Shares of Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Purchases 91,680 Shares of Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Cognex Co. (CGNX) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS National Bankshares Inc. (NKSH) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Announces Earnings Results Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Posts Earnings Results Analysts Set Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Price Target at $11.75 Brokerages Set WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Target Price at $9.80 Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Receives $19.04 Average Target Price from Analysts Supervalu Inc. (SVU) Receives $5.33 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Receives $27.00 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Advisor Partners LLC increased its stake in Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG) by 18.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 11,237 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after buying an additional 1,745 shares during the period. Advisor Partners LLC’s holdings in Hartford Financial Services Group were worth $540,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in HIG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 42.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,839,369 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $1,277,723,000 after buying an additional 8,835,456 shares during the last quarter. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group during the third quarter valued at about $160,429,000. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $121,724,000. Franklin Resources Inc. increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 162.9% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 3,464,763 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $165,096,000 after buying an additional 2,147,088 shares during the last quarter. Finally, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $54,950,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 89.59% of the company’s stock. Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG) traded up 0.25% on Friday, hitting $48.36. The company had a trading volume of 4,074,669 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $17.90 billion, a PE ratio of 21.30 and a beta of 1.22. Hartford Financial Services Group Inc has a 12-month low of $38.92 and a 12-month high of $50.26. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $48.09 and a 200-day moving average price of $47.38. Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The insurance provider reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.02 by $0.02. The business earned $4.66 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.90 billion. Hartford Financial Services Group had a net margin of 4.90% and a return on equity of 7.40%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.78 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Hartford Financial Services Group Inc will post $4.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 6th were paid a $0.23 dividend. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.90%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. Hartford Financial Services Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 41.26%. WARNING: “Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/hartford-financial-services-group-inc-hig-shares-bought-by-advisor-partners-llc.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on HIG. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. FBR & Co reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $51.00 to $53.00 in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price target on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from $51.00 to $49.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $50.55. In other Hartford Financial Services Group news, Director Teresa Wynn Roseborough acquired 1,005 shares of Hartford Financial Services Group stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $49.72 per share, with a total value of $49,968.60. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 5,755 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $286,138.60. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Company insiders own 1.23% of the company’s stock. About Hartford Financial Services Group Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HIG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG). Receive News & Ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hays plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hays plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Weighs in on Northern Trust Co.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (NTRS) Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Increased to GBX 140.80 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Just Eat PLC (JE) Given New GBX 780 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Gaming Realms PLC (GMR) Price Target Cut to GBX 30 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Morses Club PLC (MCL) Price Target Raised to GBX 149 at Numis Securities Ltd Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Dart Group PLC (DTG) Receives Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 90 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Iberdrola SA (IBE) Given a €7.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Given Outperform Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,900 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Agnico Eagle Mines’ (AEM) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Eiger Biopharmaceuticals (EIGR) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Griffon (GFF) Stock Price Wesbanco Bank Inc. Has $4.296 Million Stake in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) SCANA Co. (SCG) Shares Bought by Hennessy Advisors Inc. UGI Corp (UGI) Shares Sold by Hennessy Advisors Inc. Tidewater Inc. (TDW) Stake Cut by Eidelman Virant Capital Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Increased to GBX 140.80 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Hays plc (LON:HAS) had its price target hoisted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 135 ($1.73) to GBX 140.80 ($1.80) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a neutral rating on the stock. HAS has been the subject of a number of other reports. Credit Suisse Group AG upped their price target on shares of Hays plc from GBX 170 ($2.17) to GBX 185 ($2.37) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 160 ($2.05) price target on shares of Hays plc in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Kepler Capital Markets reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 163 ($2.08) price target on shares of Hays plc in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. BNP Paribas reiterated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 165 ($2.11) price target on shares of Hays plc in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 145 ($1.85) price target on shares of Hays plc in a research report on Friday, January 13th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 156.90 ($2.01). Hays plc (LON:HAS) traded down 0.17% during trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 171.20. 2,820,161 shares of the company traded hands. Hays plc has a 52 week low of GBX 91.10 and a 52 week high of GBX 176.30. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.47 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 162.79 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 151.45. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Increased to GBX 140.80 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/hays-plc-has-price-target-increased-to-gbx-140-80-by-analysts-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were issued a €0.96 ($1.04) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 0.63%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 2nd. In related news, insider Peter Williams bought 8,054 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 149 ($1.90) per share, with a total value of £12,000.46 ($15,341.93). Hays plc Company Profile Hays plc is a recruitment company. The Company’s segments include Asia Pacific; Continental Europe & Rest of World, and United Kingdom & Ireland. The Company offers temporary and permanent recruitment services to private and public sector markets. It operates in over 30 countries and approximately 20 specialisms. Receive News & Ratings for Hays plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hays plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Women in Banking Tackling income volatility; New CMO at Citi JPMorgan defection underscores tough blockchain choices Wells Fargo shakes up Washington lobbying after accounts scandal Republicans increasingly optimistic about housing finance reform Wells Fargo, JPMorgan wary of auto loans, pack them in bonds search goes here Women in Banking Tackling income volatility; New CMO at Citi By Tanaya Macheel Published April 28 2017, 2:17pm EDT More in Women in Banking Gender issues JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo BNY Mellon Union Bank Bank of America CIT Group Bank of England U.S. Bank Morgan Stanley Fannie Mae Goldman Sachs Print Email Reprints Share Share on Knowledge isn't enough: Income volatility is a persistent problem for millions of U.S. households, and some banks and fintech companies like Digit and Even see a business opportunity in trying to help consumers cope. The issue is top of mind at JPMorgan Chase, which over the last several years has established a think tank to study such things as income and expense volatility within its own customer base. In one review of the transactions of some 250,000 of the bank’s account holders, the JPMorgan Chase Institute found that 55% of them experienced at least a 30% fluctuation in income from month to month, due mostly to irregular work hours. "That's like adding or subtracting a housing payment," said Fiona Greig, director of consumer research at the institute. "People need a substantial everyday buffer to withstand that kind of volatility." The consensus is that the industry can do more to serve this growing segment of the population. "Knowledge alone is not going to solve this problem," said Colleen Briggs, JPMorgan Chase’s executive director for community innovation. "People need relevant, engaging information paired with products that are actually going to meet their needs.” (This story is part of our special report on financial inclusion.) The shareholders and the fury: Several top-ranking Democrats in Congress blasted the Wells Fargo board on Tuesday, echoing the public’s frustrations. The day before, all 15 board members received shareholder approval at a raucous annual meeting, though the results for some were underwhelming. The women include new addition Karen Peetz (99% approval), along with Suzanne Vautrinot (80%) and Elizabeth Duke (75%), who have two years in, and Susan Swenson (67%) and Cynthia Milligan (57%), who joined in the 90s. Peetz, who recently retired from her job as president at BNY Mellon, has some experience on boards dealing with scandal, having served at Penn State University, her alma mater, when it was rocked by the sexual abuse case involving longtime assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky. Extracurriculars: Student-run branches at five California high schools are creating a ripple effect for MUFG Union Bank in communities with a high proportion of immigrant families that often don't trust banks. Students work four to five hours a week, after receiving the same training as the bank's full-time tellers, and nearly every student participating in the program goes on to college. The bank makes no profit on the initiative, though it does earn Community Reinvestment Act credit. "We don't do it to make money,” said Jan Woolsey, a managing director in Union Bank's corporate and social responsibility division. “But we do it to have an impact on the lives of individuals and the communities they live in.” Self-service with a back-up plan: Given how stressful a home purchase can be, mobile mortgage solutions have to strike a balance between facilitating self-service and making humans available to help, said Michelle Moore, Bank of America's head of digital. The platform B of A plans to launch later this year will let users upload documents, e-sign materials and, if they want, connect to mortgage-loan officers. "We're going after making anything that customers want to do available in any channel that they want," Moore said. Without missing a beat: CIT Group’s first-quarter profit beat estimates as the company benefited from an ongoing effort to shed businesses and simplify operations led by Chairman and Chief Executive Ellen Alemany. Net income at CIT rose 23% to $179.9 million from a year earlier. Culture problem: Upon arriving at the Bank of England in 2013, Governor Mark Carney noted a "striking" lack of women in the senior ranks and pledged to improve gender diversity, a goal that could prove elusive following the loss of four of its top women this year. Vicky Pryce, an economist at the Centre for Economics and Business Research, said a fix will take more than some new hires. “The real problem is the organizational structure,” said Pryce. “You don’t solve it by just bringing in a few people at the top from the outside — you need to be working within the organization to push people up.” Role call Jennifer Breithaupt has been appointed global consumer chief marketing officer at Citigroup. She was previously managing director of media, advertising and global entertainment. Citigroup's new global consumer chief marketing officer, Jennifer Breithaupt, made a big impression while running the Citi Private Pass program that gives cardholders access to thousands of events annually. U.S. Bancorp named Kate Quinn to the newly created role of chief administrative officer and added oversight of the human resources department to her duties. She had been chief strategy and reputation officer. Quinn was one of our Women to Watch in 2016. Celeste Mellet Brown, Morgan Stanley’s treasurer, is leaving the company after 17 years to become deputy chief financial officer at Fannie Mae. In case you missed it #WhereAreTheWomen: Goldman Sachs had 76 speakers at a recent conference on disruptive technology, just five of them women. This is not an anomaly — all-male panels are commonplace. A movement in which men refuse to participate in panels that have no female speakers is gaining momentum, but what can women do? Kara Alaimo proposes a few ideas, including tweeting photos of these panels with the hashtag #WhereAreTheWomen. Beyond banking Superstar: NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson has spent more cumulative time in space than any other U.S. astronaut. She broke the record this week, logging 534 days, two hours, and 49 minutes away from Earth. Whitson is currently on her third long-duration stay at the International Space Station. She launched in November and when she returns to Earth in September will have spent more than 650 days in space throughout her career. Nurse general: The new acting surgeon general, Rear Adm. Sylvia Trent-Adams, is believed to be the first person who is not a physician to serve in that role. Trent-Adams, who is a nurse, replaces Dr. Vivek H. Murthy, an Obama administration holdover. Ad-miration: Carol H. Williams, the creative mind behind major campaigns for Pillsbury, Secret (she coined “Strong enough for a man, but made for a woman”) and Disney, will become the second black woman to enter the Advertising Hall of Fame. Her success notwithstanding, she said the industry still has far to go in terms of race. Marketing strategies based on casting minorities in ads, or making assumptions based on social media data won’t cut it. “It becomes an issue of, ‘If they see themselves in a commercial, they’ll buy the product,’ rather than it being about the messaging and how that messaging is delivered to them,” she said. “If you’re asking me if next month or next year, agencies are going to start to say, ‘Hey, I think we need to really start bringing in more African-American women,’ I really don’t think it’s a turning point in that regard. There are a lot of cultural changes that need to happen within the corporate agency climate in order for that to occur.” If you'd like to receive a digital or print copy of the monthly American Banker Magazine, which features our annual ranking of the Most Powerful Women in Banking and Finance, click here to sign up. And join our LinkedIn group to connect with other women in the industry. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Tanaya Macheel More from this Author One less female CEO-CFO duo; Supreme manteruppting Soros' first female CIO; 'bro' bias in lending Square’s loans go mostly to women; women senior bank leaders still scarce BankThink submission guidelines Want to contribute to BankThink, American Banker's platform for informed opinion about the ideas, trends and events reshaping financial services? View our detailed submission criteria and instructions. Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest 4.28.17: Your morning briefing 4.27.17: Your morning briefing 4.26.17: Your morning briefing 4.25.17: Your morning briefing 4.24.17: Your morning briefing search goes here 4.28.17: Your morning briefing By John Adams Published April 28 2017, 8:24am EDT More in Briefing Print Email Reprints Share Share on Welcome to the PaymentsSource Morning Briefing, delivered daily. The information you need to start your day, including top headlines from PaymentsSource and around the Web: MPOS on the rise: Payments experts have said the slow start for mobile payments would not last forever, and there are signs of rapid merchant adoption ahead. Retailers are planning to adopt mobile technology in a major way over the next few years, according to a report by BRP, which said 84% of retailers will use mobile point of sale in their stores by 2020, up from the current level of just under half. The research firm also predicts 31% of retailers plan to implement mobile tools for customer engagement in the next 12 months, 89% plan to offer mobile technology their staff for customer service and payments in the next three years, and 70% of retailers say using emerging technology to improve personalization is a top priority for the next year. "Putting mobile devices in the hands of store associates is now a necessity to keep up with the customer who has a plethora of information available at her fingertips," said Perry Kramer, a vice president at BRP, in a release. "Associate mobile devices enhance the shopping experience by accessing real-time inventory and customer data and offering the ability to service customers and process transactions anywhere in the store." Image: Bloomberg News JPMorgan leaves R3: The two year old blockchain consortium R3 CEV has made progress in building uses for the technology such as cross-border payments and trade settlement, but it has also lost several major banks along the way. JPMorgan is the latest big bank to leave, according to Reuters. About 80 financial institutions are members of R3, which is trying to raise $150 million from its members and investors, giving them a collective 60% stake in return, according to the wire service. Reuters did not detail the financial dispute between JPMorgan and R3. JPMorgan wants to pursue a technology path that is "at odds" with R3's membership, according to Charley Cooper, an R3 managing director who Reuters interviewed. JPMorgan is a member of a new blockchain group, Enterprise Ethereum Alliance, and is also a member of the Linux-backed Hyperledger Project. The bank also invests in Axoni and Digital Asset Holdings, two blockchain startups. R3 has lost other big banks recently. Banco Santander and Goldman Sachs have left R3 for similar reasons, and National Australia Bank and Morgan Stanley have also departed. Bitcoin milestone: Less than five years after Bitcoin ATMs were introduced, bitcoin ATM network Coinsource has passed the 100 machine mark. Coinsource, the world's largest ATM network, has added 33 machines since January and now has 103. The company recently installed 14 new machines in New York, including the first bitcoin ATM in JFK International Airport, as well as a pair of two-way ATMs, which allow consumers to sell or buy bitcoin for cash directly from the ATM. Coinsource also has bitcoin ATMs in California, New Jersey and about a half dozen other states. "Breaking triple digits was earmarked as one of our main goals for our five-year business plan, but we’ve reached it several years earlier than expected," said Sheffield Clark, Coinsource's co-founder and CEO, in a release. ATM group lashes out at cash-reduction advocates: Even as some banks start to deploy mobile enabled ATMs, an ATM trade group is criticizing efforts to reduce cash. The ATM Industry Association has accused what it calls the "anti-cash lobby" of peddling "fake news" to promote card alternatives for financial inclusion. Cash reduction is often sold as a way to increase security be creating a record trail for digital transactions. ATMIA is responding with research from Agis Consulting, which contends cash has played a role in extending inclusion in markets such as Brazil and the Philippines. The crux of the argument is cash does not have prerequisite conditions for access and efforts to encourage financial inclusion should encourage cash rather than discourage it. More from PaymentsSource Weighing the case for merging biometrics with plastic The widespread use of fingerprint authentication in mobile devices has made many consumers comfortable with the technology. So is Mastercard's test of a biometric payment card a case of plastic catching up to a modern tech trend, or is it instead dragging biometrics back in time? Chipotle breach calls all restaurants to get a security 'toolbelt' Breaches like Chipotle’s reiterate that multi-location restaurant security requires a new approach, beyond maintaining PCI compliance and implementing a managed firewall, which are absolute essentials. As auto sales go mobile, payments go along for the ride Many consumers dread the car buying or leasing process—and with good reason. The process of finding a car, negotiating its price and then further negotiating the financing can be arduous. It's no more fun to begin making the monthly payments. TransferWise expands money remittance service to Singapore TransferWise Ltd., the London-based startup backed by investors including Peter Thiel’s Valar Ventures and Andreessen Horowitz, is bringing its international money transfer service to Singapore, aiming to shake up banks’ dominance of the market. Apple mulling a Venmo-like service: Report Apple Inc. may wish to launch a person-to-person money-transfer service to rival Venmo, according to a new report. John Adams John Adams is Executive Editor of PaymentsSource. More from this Author 4.27.17: Your morning briefing Europe's data-sharing regs are a strong magnet for tech investment 4.26.17: Your morning briefing Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance A10 Networks Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Shares Bought by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Benin Management CORP Acquires 200 Shares of Medtronic plc. (MDT) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Lifted by Analyst Boston Advisors LLC Acquires 4,750 Shares of Carnival Corp (CCL) Everence Capital Management Inc. Invests $210,000 in Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Mitchell Sinkler & Starr PA Has $363,000 Stake in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Boston Advisors LLC Takes Position in A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Regal Entertainment Group Reduced by B. Riley (RGC) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for PolyOne Co. Decreased by Jefferies Group (POL) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Position in Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Ryder System, Inc. (R) Cut by Analyst Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $11.173 Million Stake in NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Buys 3,125 Shares of Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Penske Automotive Group, Inc. Issued By KeyCorp (PAG) Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Shares Sold by Boston Advisors LLC Zacks: Brokerages Expect Seres Therapeutics Inc (MCRB) Will Post Earnings of -$0.65 Per Share Methanex Co. (MEOH) Lifted to “Buy” at TD Securities DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Danaos Co. (DAC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) PT Raised to $120.00 at Craig Hallum Boston Advisors LLC Takes Position in A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Boston Advisors LLC purchased a new position in A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm purchased 87,315 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock, valued at approximately $799,000. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in A10 Networks by 10.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 2,164,400 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock valued at $17,986,000 after buying an additional 204,000 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in A10 Networks by 248.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,489,555 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock valued at $15,924,000 after buying an additional 1,062,097 shares during the last quarter. Divisar Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in A10 Networks during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $7,309,000. State Street Corp increased its stake in A10 Networks by 8.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 743,685 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock valued at $6,178,000 after buying an additional 56,483 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its stake in A10 Networks by 323.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 684,097 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock valued at $7,313,000 after buying an additional 522,447 shares during the last quarter. 54.05% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN) opened at 9.55 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $9.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $8.69. A10 Networks Inc has a one year low of $5.87 and a one year high of $10.86. The firm’s market cap is $563.74 million. A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The communications equipment provider reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.02 by $0.01. A10 Networks had a negative return on equity of 24.79% and a negative net margin of 9.10%. The business had revenue of $64 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $60.87 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.06) earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 13.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that A10 Networks Inc will post $0.11 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Boston Advisors LLC Takes Position in A10 Networks Inc (ATEN)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/boston-advisors-llc-takes-position-in-a10-networks-inc-aten.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded A10 Networks from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Dougherty & Co increased their price objective on A10 Networks from $10.00 to $10.50 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $9.30. In other news, EVP Robert D. Cochran sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.99, for a total transaction of $44,950.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 203,162 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,826,426.38. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Lee Chen sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $9.52, for a total value of $238,000.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 11,014,788 shares in the company, valued at approximately $104,860,781.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 214,534 shares of company stock worth $1,952,313 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 34.05% of the company’s stock. A10 Networks Company Profile A10 Networks, Inc is a provider of software and hardware solutions. The Company’s solutions enable its customers to secure and optimize the performance of their data center and cloud applications, and secure their users, applications and infrastructure from Internet, Web and network threats at scale. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ATEN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN). Receive News & Ratings for A10 Networks Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us North Korea defies Trump The 100 most Donald Trump quotes about his first 100 days 100 Days of Trump’s Washington DeMint to be ousted from Heritage Foundation Lewandowski’s firm appears to offer Trump meetings What the Press Still Doesn’t Get About Trump Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print MORE NBC BUZZ: looking at street-level Capitol Hill studio -- Where things stand on health care -- TRUMP talks tough on North Korea -- CNN Politics launches magazine -- B’DAY: Josh Schwerin By ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) and JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 04/28/17 06:52 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2oPqZP4 ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf QUOTES OF THE DAY, from a Reuters interview with President Donald Trump: “I loved my previous life. I had so many things going. This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier.” … ON THE WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENTS DINNER: “I would come next year, absolutely.” http://reut.rs/2qmdoA0 … ON NORTH KOREA: “There is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with North Korea. Absolutely.” Story Continued Below TRUMP to the WSJ: “Hey, I’m a nationalist and a globalist. I’m both. And I’m the only one who makes the decision, believe me.” http://on.wsj.com/2oDmJXU Good Friday morning. MORE NBC BUZZ -- from Jake and media reporter extraordinaire Hadas Gold -- NBC and MSNBC are looking at the former Johnny’s Half Shell space at 400 North Capitol for a street-level studio, according to sources familiar with the potential move. NBC, MSNBC and CNBC have space in 400 North Capitol Street, but they are looking to expand as they consider a move out of their upper Northwest bureau. The move is not finalized, but the street-level Today Show-style studio would be just blocks from the Capitol and Union Station, which would be easy for guests. NBC has studios at 400 North Cap already, as do Fox News, CBS and C-SPAN. -- COMING ATTRACTIONS: NICOLE WALLACE is taking over the 4 p.m. hour on MSNBC. The former Bush administration communications director will host the show from New York and it will debut in May. Jake broke the news in a PLAYBOOK PREVIEW on Twitter this morning. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh BIG SCOOP -- COREY LEWANDOWSKI UPDATE -- “Lewandowski’s firm appears to offer Trump meetings,” by Ken Vogel and Josh Dawsey: “A firm co-founded by Donald Trump’s original campaign manager Corey Lewandowski appears to have been pitching clients around the world by offering not only policy and political advice, but also face time with President Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior members of their administration, according to documents and interviews. “A document provided to an Eastern European politician by an international consulting firm that Lewandowski co-founded this year promises to arrange ‘meetings with well-established figures,’ including Trump, Pence, ‘key members of the U.S. Administration’ and outside Trump allies. The previously unreported firm, Washington East West Political Strategies, was created by Lewandowski and fellow Trump campaign veteran Barry Bennett — as well as an Azerbaijani oil executive and an American political consultant who works extensively in Russia — to prospect for political business in Eastern Europe. And Lewandowski and Bennett have created different firms with other partners to prospect in the Middle East, Canada and Central America, Bennett said. “The Washington East West Political Strategies document boasts that its clients will benefit from its partners’ ability to ‘leverage’ their ‘trusted relations with the U.S. Administration, ’as well as European parliamentarians and leading Western journalists. Lewandowski did not respond to requests for comment.” http://politi.co/2qlTZz9 WHERE THINGS STAND, HEALTH CARE EDITION -- Republican efforts on health care can be summed up pretty simply: two steps forward, one step back. After reviving what seemed like a dead health care package, President Donald Trump’s White House and House Republicans’ efforts to try to pass a compromise package are once again on life support. Speaker Paul Ryan and House leaders decided to postpone a vote on the package to next week at the earliest, but it is unclear if they’ll be able to find enough votes. Republicans can lose roughly 22 votes. There are 15 House Republicans who solidly oppose the measure and another 20 that are leaning against voting for it. See Rachael Bade and John Bresnahan http://politi.co/2oS0pFY IT’S ALSO IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER -- Whatever the House does with Obamacare is only an opening salvo. Senate Republicans haven’t been engaged in the effort and they would make major changes to whatever the House passes. THE NEW REALITY -- Here’s a pretty stark dynamic that’s emerged over the last few weeks: there is a big chunk of the House Republican Conference that simply does not want to repeal Obamacare. About 10 percent of the conference sees this effort as a political loser. People have gotten accustomed to the law and changing benefits is only going to hurt some Republicans in 2018, according to several lawmakers we spoke to. The failed repeal efforts now risk demoralizing the base. There is safe ground for the GOP: cutting taxes, which most every Republican agrees with. ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “A critical and deliberate part of our strategy is strengthening the underlying organizations and systems that are needed to empower communities to deliver and sustain change,” notes JPMorgan Chase Head of Corporate Responsibility, Peter Scher. Learn more from this approach in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report http://politi.co/2ouiWI5 ****** THE MOST INTERVIEW FRIENDLY PRESIDENT IN RECENT MEMORY -- DONALD TRUMP sat down with the Washington Post and Reuters for interviews yesterday as part of his first 100-day press tour. REUTERS -- LOTS OF NEWS HERE -- “Exclusive: Trump says ‘major, major’ conflict with North Korea possible, but seeks diplomacy,” by Stephen Adler, Steve Holland and Jeff Mason: “In other highlights of the 42-minute interview, Trump was cool to speaking again with Taiwan’s president after an earlier telephone call with her angered China. He also said he wants South Korea to pay the cost of the U.S. THAAD anti-missile defense system, which he estimated at $1 billion, and intends to renegotiate or terminate a U.S. free trade pact with South Korea because of a deep trade deficit with Seoul. Asked when he would announce his intention to renegotiate the pact, Trump said: ‘Very soon. I’m announcing it now.’ “Trump also said he was considering adding stops to Israel and Saudi Arabia to a Europe trip next month, emphasizing that he wanted to see an Israeli-Palestinian peace. He complained that Saudi Arabia was not paying its fair share for U.S. defense.” http://reut.rs/2qlDovk -- WAPO: “‘I was all set to terminate’: Inside Trump’s sudden shift on NAFTA,” by Ashley Parker, Phil Rucker, Damian Paletta and Karen DeYoung: “President Trump was set to announce Saturday, on the 100th day of his presidency, that he was withdrawing from the North American Free Trade Agreement -- the sort of disruptive proclamation that would upend both global and domestic politics and signal to his base that he was keeping his campaign promise to terminate what he once called ‘a total disaster’ and ‘one of the worst deals ever.’ “‘I was all set to terminate,’ Trump said in an Oval Office interview Thursday night. ‘I looked forward to terminating. I was going to do it.’ There was just one problem: Trump’s team -- like on so many issues -- was deeply divided. As news of the president’s plan reached Ottawa and Mexico City in the middle of the week and rattled the markets and Congress, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue and others huddled in meetings with Trump, urging him not to sign a document triggering a U.S. withdrawal from NAFTA. “Perdue even brought along a prop to the Oval Office: A map of the United States that illustrated the areas that would be hardest hit, particularly from agriculture and manufacturing losses, and highlighting that many of those states and counties were ‘Trump country’ communities that had voted for the president in November. ‘It shows that I do have a very big farmer base, which is good,’ Trump recalled. ‘They like Trump, but I like them, and I’m going to help them.’” http://wapo.st/2psfWj6 -- BY THE NUMBERS -- “What Trump’s Done -- or Undone -- for Business in 100 Days,” by Bloomberg’s Shannon Pettypiece and David Ingold: https://bloom.bg/2oSgNWW -- CHARLES KOCH in WaPo on Trump’s 100 Days, “Trump’s policies must not benefit only big businesses like mine”: http://wapo.st/2psmv53 FOR YOUR RADAR -- “In an apparent shift, Tillerson says U.S. willing to hold direct talks with N. Korea,” by WaPo’s Anne Gearan: “The Trump administration is willing to bargain directly with North Korea over ending its nuclear weapons program, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Thursday, an apparent shift in policy aimed at strengthening international resolve against what the Trump administration considers a growing menace. ‘Obviously, that will be the way we would like to solve this,’ Tillerson said in an interview with NPR scheduled to air Friday, when the United States is convening an unusual high-level meeting at the United Nations devoted to the threat posed by North Korea’s nuclear weapons arsenal. ‘But North Korea has to decide they’re ready to talk to us about the right agenda, and the right agenda is not simply stopping where they are for a few more months or a few more years and then resuming things. That’s been the agenda for the last 20 years.’” http://wapo.st/2qdBQEB ABOUT THAT WALL -- “Trump’s Wall May Not Stretch Entire Border, Secretary Kelly Says,” by Bloomberg’s Nafeesa Syeed and David Gura: “In an interview Thursday with Bloomberg Television, Kelly said there are spots along the border where a wall can’t be built because of the terrain. Still, the administration is committed to building a ‘physical barrier’ as much as possible, he said. But ‘there’s places probably where we won’t build a wall because it’s across river beds, we can’t dam up the rivers,’ Kelly said. Other rough areas include the canyons of Big Bend National Park. ‘There are other places where a see-through wall,’ or fence, would be sufficient, he said.” Full interview https://bloom.bg/2p8GCVq FOGGY BOTTOM WATCH -- “Tillerson Said to Seek 9% Cut to U.S. State Department Workforce,” by Bloomberg’s Nick Wadhams: “The State Department plans to cut 2,300 U.S. diplomats and civil servants -- about 9 percent of the Americans in its workforce worldwide -- as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson presses ahead with his task of slashing the agency’s budget, according to people familiar with the matter. The majority of the job cuts, about 1,700, will come through attrition, while the remaining 600 will be done via buyouts, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because the decision hasn’t been publicly announced. William Inglee, a former Lockheed Martin Corp. official and policy adviser in Congress, was hired to help oversee the budget cuts and briefed senior managers on the plan Wednesday, the people said.” https://bloom.bg/2oSd5fS -- “Tillerson in No Rush to Fill Nearly 200 State Department Posts,” by NYT’s Gardiner Harris: “Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson has done almost nothing to select leaders for the White House’s consideration, and nominations for assistant secretaries and others who largely run the State Department are unlikely to be made for months. In an unusual interview, R. C. Hammond, Mr. Tillerson’s spokesman, said the secretary intended to embark within days on a listening tour of the building and then a restructuring of the department’s operations. Only after those are underway will he begin to name his wider leadership team.” http://nyti.ms/2oSbYgq BAD NEWS FOR THE 4TH ESTATE -- “Political Media Earns Poor Marks From Americans,” by Morning Consult’s Cameron Easley: “[R]oughly half (51 percent) of Americans said the national political media ‘is out of touch with everyday Americans,’ compared with 28 percent who said it ‘understands the issues everyday Americans are facing.’ President Donald Trump, a frequent public antagonist of the press and the first president in 36 years to skip the [White House Correspondents Association Dinner], is also slightly more trusted than the national political media. Thirty-seven percent of Americans said they trusted Trump’s White House to tell the truth, while 29 percent opted for the media.” http://bit.ly/2qdmekx THE JUICE … -- CNN POLITICS is launching its first digital magazine called State to coincide with Trump’s first 100 days in office. Steven Sloan, a former POLITICO who is editing the magazine, said the goal of the magazine is to “capture this moment in America’s political culture.” The name “represents our mission -- to state the truth, and to give time and space to all sides of this fascinating story.” Landing page http://cnn.it/2psgpSj … Editor’s note http://cnn.it/2qe0fwz ... 100 Day tick tock http://cnn.it/2qeqqDr -- FIRST IN PLAYBOOK -- 45Committee, the largest pro-Trump outside group from the 2016 cycle that is backed by the Adelson and Ricketts families, is going up with a $1 million TV and digital buy promoting President Trump’s accomplishments during his first 100 days in office. “Big Things” airs on national cable with a heavier buy in Harrisburg, PA, where the President will hold a rally this weekend. http://bit.ly/2oSl9xi ... “100,” looking at 100 days in 100 seconds, is running in the targeted states key to Trump’s victory (Florida, Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin). http://bit.ly/2oPbjf0 PLAYBOOK EVENTS FOR YOUR RADAR -- SEN. JOE MANCHIN will join us for the Playbook Interview Thursday at 9 a.m. at the Washington Court Hotel (525 New Jersey Avenue, NW). The government funding fight will be in full swing, and Manchin will be fighting for coal miner benefits. Manchin is a fascinating figure, and we hope you’ll join the conversation, which is being sponsored by the Peter G. Peterson Foundation. RSVP http://bit.ly/2phgWGu -- HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER KEVIN MCCARTHY, CALIFORNIA ATTORNEY GENERAL XAVIER BECERRA and REP. ERIC SWALWELL are joining us for a Playbook Exchange event in San Francisco May 10. McCarthy and Becerra are two of the highest-profile California politicians, and Swalwell is one of the Golden State’s up and comers. This event will fill up quickly, so RSVP now if you’ll be in the Bay Area! Email us with questions. RSVP http://bit.ly/2oQMyzT Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: Archer Somodevilla, 7, son of Getty Images photojournalist Chip Somodevilla, moves into position to snap a photo of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi during Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day on Capitol Hill on March 28. | John Shinkle/POLITICO ANOTHER CHAPTER IN THE CHAFFETZ STORY -- “Jason Chaffetz Has Become A Fixture Of TMZ’s Expanded Washington Footprint,” by HuffPost’s Michael Calderone and Sam Stein: “On the afternoon of April 19, sandwiched between stories on Kim Kardashian’s flu-related weight loss and reclusive fitness guru Richard Simmons venturing outside in disguise, TMZ chief Harvey Levin introduced ‘one of the most powerful people in Congress’ to his online viewers ... Levin said during the interview that he had become friends with Chaffetz in recent years. He said he’s visited Chaffetz’s congressional office-apartment, and could confirm it’s a ‘crappy existence.’” http://huff.to/2ps5Ezi COMING ATTRACTIONS -- “Democrat Jon Tester, a top GOP target, to appear with Mitt Romney,” by McClatchy’s Katie Glueck: “Sen. Jon Tester, a Democrat facing re-election in heavily Republican Montana, will make a joint appearance with former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney next week in Washington, according to an invitation reviewed by McClatchy. The two are headlining a fundraiser to benefit the official foundation of Yellowstone National Park, a park that is partially located in Tester's home state. The gathering ... will take place on May 4 at Hawthorne.” http://bit.ly/2oScsmB … Tickets http://bit.ly/2oUmfbq SCOOP -- “Congress to get White House-backed bipartisan bill to upgrade aging federal networks,” by Tim Starks: “A bipartisan group of lawmakers will reintroduce major legislation on Friday to overhaul the federal government’s aging computer systems, but with a significantly scaled back dollar figure to keep it from stalling like it did at the end of last year, according to the bill’s sponsor. … Vitally, the legislation comes with a White House stamp of approval, lead sponsor Rep. Will Hurd (R-Texas) told POLITICO. That’s the result of the bill’s backers working with both the Office of Management and Budget and senior Donald Trump adviser Jared Kushner’s Office of American Innovation, he said. Trump himself has also repeatedly vowed to upgrade federal IT.” http://politi.co/2poHKCR WEST COAST WATCH -- “Robert Lee Ahn’s ‘misleading’ mail tactics helped him get into L.A.’s congressional runoff. Will he use them again?,” by L.A. Times’ Christine Mai-Duc: http://lat.ms/2qdHqGP THE MEDIA ISSUE: With the clock ticking down to the White House Correspondents Dinner, POLITICO Magazine publishes its annual Media Issue – our inside look at the messy, codependent relationship between the president and a press corps he loves and hates. In our exclusive survey, White House reporters talk about how often they’re lied to, how much they worry about Trump’s attacks on the media, and how long they predict Sean Spicer will last in his job. Plus, experts tell us what we still get wrong about Trump--and psychologists diagnose just what all that watching of “Fox & Friends” is having on the leader of the free world. http://politi.co/2qlRHQE --WORTH THE CLICK -- “Trumpgrams: A sampling of the handwritten love and hate notes the president has long sent to reporters” http://politi.co/2pFIiHj VALLEY TALK -- “Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person,” by Bloomberg’s Brendan Coffey and Jack Witzig: “A surge in after hours trading for Amazon.com Inc. added $3.3 billion to the fortune of Jeff Bezos, putting him less than $5 billion away from becoming the world’s richest person. Bezos saw his fortune surpass $80 billion for the first time, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. The 53-year old has added $65.2 billion to his net worth since the index debuted in March 2012 and ended Thursday with a net worth of $79 billion. ... [Amazon] shares closed at $918.38 Thursday and reached as high as $965 after hours.” https://bloom.bg/2oSm1SA ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Research shows that thriving neighborhoods are key for any city’s long-term economic success. Read “No Neighborhood Left Behind” by Mel Martinez, JPMorgan Chase Chairman of the Southeast U.S. and Latin America Regions, in our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2pLN1Uy ****** SOMETHING TO WATCH -- “Will Trump Release the Missing JFK Files? Unless the president intervenes, we’ll soon know more secrets about the Kennedy assassination,” by Philip Shenon in Politico Magazine: “The nation’s conspiracy-theorist-in-chief is facing a momentous decision. Will President Donald Trump allow the public to see a trove of thousands of long-secret government files about the event that, more than any other in modern American history, has fueled conspiracy theories – the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy? The answer must come within months. And, according to a new timeline offered by the National Archives, it could come within weeks. Under the deadline set by a 1992 law, Trump has six months left to decide whether he will block the release of an estimated 3,600 files related to the assassination that are still under seal at the Archives.” http://politi.co/2psvzH1 MEDIAWATCH -- “Sean Hannity Defends Executive as Fox News Turmoil Continues,” by NYT’s Michael Grynbaum and Emily Steel: “Swirling tensions at Fox News burst into public view on Thursday as one of its stars, Sean Hannity, spoke out in defense of an embattled executive at the center of an expanding culture clash inside the network. In an extraordinary series of Twitter posts, Mr. Hannity seemed to yoke himself to the fate of the executive, Bill Shine, a behind-the-scenes fixer who rose to become the network’s co-president after its former chairman, Roger Ailes, was ousted last summer. “‘Somebody HIGH UP AND INSIDE F.N.C. is trying to get an innocent person fired,’ Mr. Hannity wrote, referring to a report in New York magazine that Mr. Shine’s support from the Murdoch family, which controls Fox News Channel, was wavering. If Mr. Shine were removed, Mr. Hannity wrote to his 2.3 million followers, ‘That’s the total end of the F.N.C. as we know it. Done.’” http://nyti.ms/2oPe5Rf THE STORY HANNITY REACTED TO -- GABE SHERMAN in NYMag, “Is a Management Shake-up Looming at Fox News?”: “As Fox News is roiled by lawsuits and the ouster of Bill O’Reilly, the network’s co-president Bill Shine ... is expressing concern about his future at the network. According to three sources briefed on the conversations, Shine has told friends he recently asked Rupert’s sons James and Lachlan — the CEO and co-chairman, respectively, of network parent company 21st Century Fox — to release a statement in support of him, but they refused to do so. The sources said Shine made the request because of withering press coverage of Fox News in recent weeks. A source added that Shine has privately complained that Rupert ‘isn’t fighting for him’ in the press, which is why he wanted explicit support from the sons.” http://nym.ag/2pslvy1 --“Federal probe of Fox News expands,” by CNN’s Brian Stelter: “Financial crimes experts from the United States Postal Inspection Service are now involved, according to four sources connected to the investigation. Mail fraud and wire fraud cases are part of the USPIS purview. Investigators from both the USPIS and the Justice Department have been conducting interviews in recent weeks -- including with some former Fox staffers -- to obtain more information about the network’s managers and business practices, the sources said.” http://cnnmon.ie/2paujHW Playbookers SPOTTED: David Letterman last night sporting a full beard on the jumbotron at the Caps game one playoff game against the Penguins, which the Penguins won 3-2. ... Jeb Bush and Bob Graham on American Airlines flight 1202 from MIA to DCA on Thursday a.m. Jeb in first class, Graham in coach ... Joe Lieberman outside the Four Seasons waiting for a cab. “Dressed to the nines” ... Valerie Jarrett lunching yesterday in Austin at Wu Chow with long time Dem fundraiser Kirk Rudy (h/t Scott Pollard) … Jonathan Capehart last night at Le Diplomate SPOTTED -- White House staff out last night celebrating Lindsay Walters’ birthday at Pinea: Sean Spicer, Mike Dubke, Sarah Huckabee, Jessica Ditto, Kelly Love, Ninio Fetalvo, Raj Shah, Madeleine Westerhout and Marc Lotter SILICON VALLEY IN DC -- SPOTTED yesterday huddling on the hill in Senate meetings on the Hart side to discuss tech, STEM, immigration, and tax policies to support the startup ecosystem in the U.S.: Microsoft president Brad Smith, Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins, Oracle CEO Safra Catz, Postmates CEO Bastian Lehmann, Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.), Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.), Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), Leader Kevin McCarthy, Sen. Michael Bennett (D-Colo.). BACKSTORY -- How DINA POWELL came to work for Ivanka Trump – per Fortune: “One day, when Powell was then head of Goldman Sachs’s Impact Investing team, she was told, ‘Ivanka Trump’s on the phone.’ On Trump’s interest in working together with Powell to empower women, Powell said: ‘She was doing a tremendous amount of research. She is a numbers person. She had seen 10,000 Women [one of Goldman’s major initiatives focused on helping female entrepreneurs around the world] and some of the other programs and she said, you know, ‘I want to understand how that program works. How do you measure success?’ She was really thinking about, you know, how she could lend her voice.’” With 3-min. video of Dina http://for.tn/2pnwaaV WHCA PARTY CIRCUIT – SPOTTED at the 4th Annual Washington Women in Journalism Awards last night at Gloria Dittus’ home, co-hosted by Cathy Merrill Williams: Kiki Burger, Mary Katherine Steele, Laura Cox Kaplan, Lauren French, Juliet Eilperin, Katie Grant, Emily Lenzner, Rebecca Haller. -- SPOTTED at last night’s Gatsby-themed IJR “Golden Age of Journalism” party at the Carnegie Library (complete with a bald eagle): Jim Acosta, Reggie Love, Sam Feist, Ben Dreyfuss, Geoff Morrell, Ben Jacobs, Dylan Byers, Lachlan Markay, Mo Elleithee, Zeke Miller, Leo Lutz, Steven Perlberg, Michelle Fields and Jamie Weinstein, Sam Feist, Lauren Pratapas, Richard Hudock, Tara Palmeri, Michael Falcone, Phil Rucker, Craig Gordon, Hanna Hope, Cherie Paquette and Zach Gillan, Alex Skatell, Benny Johnson, Chris Bedford, Asawin Suebsaeng, Christian Hertenstein, Mark Paustenbach, Neil Grace, Kenny Day, Peter Cherukuri, Jon Decker, Ali Breland, Breanne Deppisch, Ashley Parker, Erin McPike, Tara Jeffries, Hadas Gold, Matt Mowers and Cassie Spodak, Tim Mak, Kyle Dropp, Ben Schreckinger, Jacqueline Klimas and Kyle Feldscher, Lauren Culbertson, Caitlin Carroll, Arlette Saenz, Jesse Rodriguez, Michael LaRosa, Ali Dukakis, Alex Stroman, Byron Tau, Meg Whittemore, Michael Steel, Dick Keil, Josh Dawsey, John Arundel, Oliver Darcy, Nihal Krishan, Phil Elliott, Madeleine Weast, Anton Vuljaj, Alex Pappas. -- John McCarthy, Susanna Quinn, Allen Gannett, and Eric Kuhn hosted their annual Bytes and Bylines Party last night to celebrate White House Correspondent's Weekend. SPOTTED: Dylan Byers, Amb. Anne Anderson, Amb. Kurt Jager, Rep. Brendan Boyle (D-Pa.), Walt Cronkite, Stephanie Schriock and Joe Fox, James Hooley, Dominic Lowell, Karuna Seshasai, Riley Kilburg, Lauren Crawford, Adrienne Elrod, Dylan Byers, Gabe Brotman, Jessica Lessin, Rene Jones, Steve Clemons, Gene Sperling, Lynn Sweet, Tim Berry, Katie Grant, Elizabeth Thorp, Mariel Saez, Ben and Ashley Chang, Michael Wolf, Kasie Hunt, Jeremy Pelofsky, Fran Holuba, Anastasia Dellaccio, Suzanne Kianpour. OUT AND ABOUT – MARGARET CARLSON, long time journalist and D.C. power salon maven, was celebrated last night at a dinner in the home of hosts Steve Rattner and Maureen White. “Sen. Manchin read a moving tribute to Margaret Carlson, her journalistic prowess, her love of her brother who had a tougher time than many, and her ability to get folks to churn ice cream at her table in a Senate dedication.” The dedication http://bit.ly/2oDxpG0 --SPOTTED: Neera Tanden, Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) and Gayle Manchin, Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.), Sen. Edward Markey (D-Mass.) and Susan Blumenthal, Karen Donfried, EJ Dionne and Mary Boyle, Steve Clemons, Andrea Mitchell, Amb. Martin Indyk and Gahl Burt, David Ignatius, Liaquat Ahamed and Meena Ahamed, Meridith Webster, Patty Stonecipher and Michael Kinsley, Chris Matthews, Ruth Marcus, Al Hunt, Mike Allen, Jonathan Karl, Justin Smith, Stephen Weisman. -- SPOTTED at the unveiling yesterday of the portrait of former Energy and Commerce Chairman Fred Upton (R-Mich.): his wife Amey, DOT Secretary Elaine Chao, Speaker Paul Ryan, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Reps. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-Va.), Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), Steny Hoyer (D-Md.), Greg Walden (R-Ore.), and Frank Pallone (D-N.J.), former E&C chairmen John Dingell, Joe Barton, and Henry Waxman, Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.), Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.), Sen. Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.), Reps. Bill Shuster (R-Penn.), Debbie Dingell (R-Mich.), Lamar Smith (R-Tex.), Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), Kathy Castor (D-Fla.), Bill Huizenga (R-Mich.), Mike Bishop (R-Mich.), Dave Trott (R-Mich.), John Moolenaar (R-Mich.), Paul Mitchell (R-Mich.), Dan Kildee (D-Mich.), Billy Long (R-Mich.), Richard Hudson (R-N.C.), Morgan Griffith (R-Va.), Ryan Costello (R-Pa.), and Jim Blanchard (D-Mich.), Francis Collins, Michael Beckerman, Rob Collins, Mike Ference, Gary Andres, Mike Sommers, Brett Loper, all of Team Upton, and many more. MORE WHCA PARTIES -- Janet Donovan’s Hollywood on the Potomac is sponsoring The Creative Coalition’s “Right to Bear Arts” gala on Friday night at Flavio in Georgetown. Expect to see lawmakers mingling with celebs. TRANSITIONS -- Sena Fitzmaurice has been promoted to senior vice president of government communications at Comcast. Fitzmaurice “leads Comcast’s communications on government affairs, including strategy on all federal regulatory and legislative as well as other political issues.” … Dennis Lennox, who worked for the Trump and Cruz campaigns, is the new Republican state party executive director for the Virgin Islands. … Former federal prosecutor Eric Tirschwell has started as director of litigation and national enforcement policy at Everytown for Gun Safety. ... … Anna Massoglia starts Monday at Bloomberg BNA as research analyst focusing on international payroll. Today is her last day as political nonprofits researcher at the Center for Responsive Politics. … TargetPoint Consulting and BK Data Strategies have announced TPC’s National Office of Geostrategic Analytics to be based in Madison, Wisconsin. Brian Kind, a long time data strategist and consultant for Scott Walker, Ron Johnson and the Republican Party of Wisconsin, is joining as office director. http://politi.co/2ps9M2a SUNDAY SO FAR – CBS’ “Face the Nation”: President Donald Trump. Political panel: Julie Pace, Ed O’Keefe, Molly Ball, Michael Gerson --NBC's "Meet the Press": Vice President Mike Pence ... Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Sen. Angus King (I-Maine). Panel: Helene Cooper, Chris Matthews, Danielle Pletka, Nicolle Wallace --“Fox News Sunday”: Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.). Panel: Michael Needham, Donna Edwards, Rich Lowry, Juan Williams --CNN’s “State of the Union”: Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Samantha Bee. Panel: Ana Navarro, Van Jones, Jennifer Granholm, Rick Santorum --CNN’s “Inside Politics,” hosted by John King: Julie Pace, Karen Tumulty, Manu Raju, Maeve Reston BIRTHWEEK (was yesterday): The Information’s Reed Albergotti, a WSJ alum ... (was Wednesday): Politico Europe’s Harry Cooper BIRTHDAYS OF THE DAY: Ruth Sherlock, U.S. Editor for the Daily Telegraph and former Middle East correspondent, where she covered Syria, Iraq, Libya. How she’s celebrating: “I’m working on my actual birthday (no rest for the wicked). But that’s OK because I’ve just returned from a 10 day birthday holiday in Iceland. I gathered there with some school friends to celebrate us all turning 30 this year. And then my family came out for a few days at the end. It was brilliant overall, but sitting in a hot tub with some of your best friends, looking up at the Northern Lights with champagne in hand, was a definite highlight.” Read her Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2poHTpY ... Chris Wilson, director of data journalism at Time and a Slate alum who will probably be celebrating by ending up at Twins Jazz on U St., his favorite venue in Washington -- Q&A: http://politi.co/2pFHzWM BIRTHDAYS: Josh Schwerin, former HFA spox, DCCC national press sec,and McAuliffe press sec, is 31 (hat tip: Jesse Ferguson) ... Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan is 57 ... former Secretary of State James Addison Baker III is 87 ... Jay Leno is 67 ... Abbie Nieuwstraten ... Ed Pagano, partner at Akin Gump … Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.) is 68 ... Politico’s Ben Weyl and Eric Geller ... Katie Pribyl, SVP for aviation strategy and programs at the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association ... Izzy Verdery is 17 (h/t dad Stewart) ... Robert Murstein, associate at Oppenheimer & Co. ... Austen Wells of Newmark Grubb Knight Frank ... Lauren Smith of Hamilton Place Strategies ... WashPost’s Karoun Demirjian (h/t birthday girl Ruth Sherlock) ... Carrie Hessler-Radelet, new president and CEO of Project Concern International and former Peace Corps director (h/t Richard Parker) ... ... Andrew Zucker, son of CNN’s Jeff Zucker and host of WHRB’s show “Zucker,” is 19, celebrating with friends at a Yankees-Red Sox game in Boston (h/ts mom Caryn Zucker and Perri Peltz) ... Anastasia Khoo, chief marketing officer at Conservation International ... Russ Rampersad, Director of Product Management at Catalyst (h/t Adrienne Lee Benson) ... Sarah B. Miller, the pride of Muskogee OK (h/t Dan) ...Oliver Simpson, a journalism master’s student at the University of Alabama (h/t Colby Bermel) ... Russ Tiffany Willett ... Natalie Wozniak (h/t Ben Chang) ... Daniel Keylin, comms. director for Sen. Thom Tillis (R-N.C.) (h/t Adam Webb) ... Dan Byrnes, associate comms. manager at Sierra Club, who loves “the #TarHeels and giant pandas,” per his Twitter ... Alejandra Owens, VP of Social Communications at AARP (h/t Jon Haber) ... Susan Katz Keating … Jan Larimer … K.C. Jones (cowboy hat tip: Matt Mackowiak) ... Nick Schroeder … Maurice Daniel ... Jonathan Cloar ... Kristine Kippens (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... Carrie Giddins Pergram ... Alison Teal ... Michelle Diehl ... NYC Councilman Corey Johnson ... George McDonald, founder and president of the Doe Fund in New York ... Penelope Cruz is 43 ... Jessica Alba is 36 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: The corporate responsibility strategy and approach was developed, tested and refined at JPMorgan Chase through efforts on the ground in communities around the world. Learn more about the company’s model in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2pMVfi8 ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Friday, 4/28/17 Thursday, 4/27/17 Wednesday, 4/26/17 Tuesday, 4/25/17 Monday, 4/24/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine What We Have Here Is a Failure to Communicate By P.J. Crowley Trump’s Executive Orders Are Mostly Theater By Michael Grunwald The Jungle-Warfare Theory of Trump By Mark Feldstein How Trump Blew Up the Conservative Media By Eliana Johnson More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research Reports on Banking Equities — Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, and JPMorgan Chase NEW YORK, April 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Today, Stock-Callers.com issued these research reports on Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC), Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC), and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM). These equities belong to the Money Center Banks industry, which comprises banks that are similar in structure to common banks. However, these financial institutions’ borrowing and lending activities are with governments, large corporations, and regular banks. Learn more about these stocks by accessing their free research reports at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Bank of America Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America Corp.’s shares saw a decline of 1.00%, finishing Thursday’s trading session at $23.65. A total volume of 79.90 million shares was traded. In the last month and the previous three months, the stock has advanced 0.72% and 1.20%, respectively. Additionally, the Company’s shares have gained 7.34% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 20.19%. Moreover, shares of Bank of America, which through its subsidiaries, provides banking and financial products and services for individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses, institutional investors, large corporations, and governments worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 53.39. On April 12th, 2017, Bank of America revealed in its second annual Homebuyer Insights Report that millennials, who have taken the plunge into homeownership, are buying the house they can afford now and looking ahead to their ideal home in the future. A large majority, or 68%, of millennial homeowners say that their current home is a „stepping stone” to their forever home. On April 24th, 2017, research firm Berenberg downgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Buy’ to ‚Hold’. Free research report on BAC is available at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=BAC Citigroup On Thursday, shares in New York-based Citigroup Inc. recorded a trading volume of 14.02 million shares, and ended the session 1.18% lower at $59.39. The stock has gained 3.84% over the previous three months and 0.22% on an YTD basis. The Company’s shares are trading 11.05% above their 200-day moving average. Furthermore, shares of Citigroup, which provides various financial products and services for consumers, corporations, governments, and institutions worldwide, have an RSI of 51.50. On April 05th, 2017, research firm Keefe Bruyette upgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Market Perform’ to ‚Outperform’. On April 25th, 2017, Citigroup announced that its Issuer Services business, acting through Citibank, N.A., has been appointed by Azul S.A. as the depositary bank for its Level 3 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADR program was established through a $643.5-million initial public offering, originally priced at $20.06 per ADR. The ADRs are listed on the NYSE under the symbol „AZUL.” The complimentary research report on C can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=C Wells Fargo Shares in San Francisco, California headquartered Wells Fargo & Co. closed at $54.44, slightly down 0.18% from the last trading session. The stock recorded a trading volume of 13.96 million shares. The Company’s shares are trading 5.74% above their 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Wells Fargo, which provides retail, commercial, and corporate banking services to individuals, businesses, and institutions, have an RSI of 49.09. On April 10th, 2017, research firm Piper Jaffray upgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Underweight’ to ‚Neutral’. On April 25th, 2017, Wells Fargo announced a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.38 per share. The dividend is payable June 01st, 2017 to stockholders of record on May 05th, 2017, as approved by the Bank’s board of directors. Wells Fargo has approximately 5.0 billion shares outstanding. Visit us today and access our complete research report on WFC at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=WFC JPMorgan Chase New York headquartered JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s stock ended 0.93% lower at $87.61 with a total trading volume of 13.32 million shares. The Company’s shares have advanced 1.57% over the previous three months and 2.68% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 13.85%. Furthermore, shares of JPMorgan Chase, which operates as a financial services company worldwide, have an RSI of 52.88. On April 25th, 2017, research firm Guggenheim upgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Neutral’ to ‚Buy’. On April 26th, 2017, JPMorgan Chase released its annual Corporate Responsibility report, highlighting the firm’s model for impact, which combines business and philanthropic resources to drive inclusive economic growth. The report features the firm’s $100 million investment in Detroit’s economic recovery, which is its most comprehensive initiative to date, as a proof of concept for how the firm’s model can effectively make a meaningful impact in communities around the world. Get free access to your research report on JPM at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JPM — Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com . Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way. NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Group 1 Automotive Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Next PostNext Global Probiotics Dietary Supplements (Food Supplements, Nutritional Supplements, Specialty Nutrients, Infant Formula) Market Analysis 2014-2017 & 2025 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Iraq: MSF treating emergencies in Qayyarah hospital Global Commercial Vehicle Infotainment System Market to Grow at a CAGR of 12.64%, 2017-2021 with Alpine Electronics, Continental, Delphi, Denso, Harman & Panasonic Dominating – Research and Markets Кафка је жив у Србији, али шта да је био тигар? Bosnia and Herzegovina to Strengthen Banking Sector with World Bank Support Chest physicians split on pros and cons of e-cigarettes Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research Reports on Banking Equities — Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, and JPMorgan Chase NEW YORK, April 28, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Stock-Callers.com issued these research reports on Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC), Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC), and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM). These equities belong to the Money Center Banks industry, which comprises banks that are similar in structure to common banks. However, these financial institutions' borrowing and lending activities are with governments, large corporations, and regular banks. Learn more about these stocks by accessing their free research reports at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Bank of America Charlotte, North Carolina-based Bank of America Corp.'s shares saw a decline of 1.00%, finishing Thursday's trading session at $23.65. A total volume of 79.90 million shares was traded. In the last month and the previous three months, the stock has advanced 0.72% and 1.20%, respectively. Additionally, the Company's shares have gained 7.34% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 20.19%. Moreover, shares of Bank of America, which through its subsidiaries, provides banking and financial products and services for individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses, institutional investors, large corporations, and governments worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 53.39. On April 12th, 2017, Bank of America revealed in its second annual Homebuyer Insights Report that millennials, who have taken the plunge into homeownership, are buying the house they can afford now and looking ahead to their ideal home in the future. A large majority, or 68%, of millennial homeowners say that their current home is a "stepping stone" to their forever home. On April 24th, 2017, research firm Berenberg downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Buy' to 'Hold'. Free research report on BAC is available at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=BAC Citigroup On Thursday, shares in New York-based Citigroup Inc. recorded a trading volume of 14.02 million shares, and ended the session 1.18% lower at $59.39. The stock has gained 3.84% over the previous three months and 0.22% on an YTD basis. The Company's shares are trading 11.05% above their 200-day moving average. Furthermore, shares of Citigroup, which provides various financial products and services for consumers, corporations, governments, and institutions worldwide, have an RSI of 51.50. On April 05th, 2017, research firm Keefe Bruyette upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Market Perform' to 'Outperform'. On April 25th, 2017, Citigroup announced that its Issuer Services business, acting through Citibank, N.A., has been appointed by Azul S.A. as the depositary bank for its Level 3 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADR program was established through a $643.5-million initial public offering, originally priced at $20.06 per ADR. The ADRs are listed on the NYSE under the symbol "AZUL." The complimentary research report on C can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=C Wells Fargo Shares in San Francisco, California headquartered Wells Fargo & Co. closed at $54.44, slightly down 0.18% from the last trading session. The stock recorded a trading volume of 13.96 million shares. The Company's shares are trading 5.74% above their 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Wells Fargo, which provides retail, commercial, and corporate banking services to individuals, businesses, and institutions, have an RSI of 49.09. On April 10th, 2017, research firm Piper Jaffray upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Underweight' to 'Neutral'. On April 25th, 2017, Wells Fargo announced a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.38 per share. The dividend is payable June 01st, 2017 to stockholders of record on May 05th, 2017, as approved by the Bank's board of directors. Wells Fargo has approximately 5.0 billion shares outstanding. Visit us today and access our complete research report on WFC at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=WFC JPMorgan Chase New York headquartered JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s stock ended 0.93% lower at $87.61 with a total trading volume of 13.32 million shares. The Company's shares have advanced 1.57% over the previous three months and 2.68% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 13.85%. Furthermore, shares of JPMorgan Chase, which operates as a financial services company worldwide, have an RSI of 52.88. On April 25th, 2017, research firm Guggenheim upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Neutral' to 'Buy'. On April 26th, 2017, JPMorgan Chase released its annual Corporate Responsibility report, highlighting the firm's model for impact, which combines business and philanthropic resources to drive inclusive economic growth. The report features the firm's $100 million investment in Detroit's economic recovery, which is its most comprehensive initiative to date, as a proof of concept for how the firm's model can effectively make a meaningful impact in communities around the world. Get free access to your research report on JPM at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JPM -- Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com . Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way. NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Investments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Samsung Galaxy S8 Goes on Sale and MobileTrans Becomes Must-Have Tool for Android Users to Transfer Data from Any Device Next PostNext YDreams To Sponsor the Consumer-VR 2017 in Vancouver, Canada Search Recent Posts Iraq: MSF treating emergencies in Qayyarah hospital Global Commercial Vehicle Infotainment System Market to Grow at a CAGR of 12.64%, 2017-2021 with Alpine Electronics, Continental, Delphi, Denso, Harman & Panasonic Dominating – Research and Markets Кафка је жив у Србији, али шта да је био тигар? Bosnia and Herzegovina to Strengthen Banking Sector with World Bank Support Chest physicians split on pros and cons of e-cigarettes Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) PT Raised to GBX 83 CorMedix Inc. (CRMD) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Northland Securities Reiterates “Corporate” Rating for Photonstar Led Group PLC (PSL) Short Interest in Sphere 3D Corp. (ANY) Rises By 87.4% Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Plains GP Holdings (PAGP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Under Armour Inc (UAA) Boosted by B. Riley Norsk Hydro ASA (NHYDY) Raised to Conviction-Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Intertek Group (IKTSY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Denso Corp (DNZOY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Persimmon plc (PSN) CIBC Increases Ag Growth International Inc (AFN) Price Target to C$63.00 Canfor Co. (CFP) PT Raised to C$22.00 Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Price Target Increased to $145.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Bank of America Corp (BAC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon (SJMHY) Cut to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) PT Raised to GBX 83 April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) had its price objective increased by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 80 ($1.02) to GBX 83 ($1.06) in a research note issued on Friday. The firm presently has an “overweight” rating on the financial services provider’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 20.34% from the stock’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also recently commented on LLOY. Barclays PLC raised shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC to an “overweight” rating and increased their price target for the stock from GBX 55 ($0.70) to GBX 75 ($0.96) in a research report on Friday, January 6th. BNP Paribas reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 57 ($0.73) price target on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 75 ($0.96) price target on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price target on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 58 ($0.74) to GBX 58 ($0.74) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 60 ($0.77) price target on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Lloyds Banking Group PLC currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 69.41 ($0.89). Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) opened at 68.96 on Friday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 48.69 billion. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 47.10 and a 52-week high of GBX 74.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 66.28 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 63.15. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a dividend of GBX 2.20 ($0.03) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 3.17%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This is a boost from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/lloyds-banking-group-plc-lloy-pt-raised-to-gbx-83.html. In other news, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.88), for a total transaction of £100,621.32 ($128,638.86). Also, insider Antonio Horta-Osorio purchased 5,107 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 63 ($0.81) per share, for a total transaction of £3,217.41 ($4,113.28). In the last ninety days, insiders have bought 5,699 shares of company stock worth $362,019. About Lloyds Banking Group PLC Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Chatham Lodging Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chatham Lodging Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Navient Corp (NAVI) Shares Bought by Coconut Grove Bank Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $6.894 Million Stake in Visteon Corp (VC) Advisor Partners LLC Takes Position in AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $3.539 Million Position in Emcor Group Inc (EME) InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) Position Lowered by Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Shares Bought by Coconut Grove Bank Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Purchases 451 Shares of Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Quadrant Capital Management LLC Acquires 800 Shares of Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Purchases 91,680 Shares of Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Cognex Co. (CGNX) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS National Bankshares Inc. (NKSH) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Announces Earnings Results Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Posts Earnings Results Analysts Set Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Price Target at $11.75 Brokerages Set WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Target Price at $9.80 Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Receives $19.04 Average Target Price from Analysts Supervalu Inc. (SVU) Receives $5.33 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Receives $27.00 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Quadrant Capital Management LLC Acquires 800 Shares of Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Quadrant Capital Management LLC raised its position in Chatham Lodging Trust (NYSE:CLDT) by 2.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 33,975 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 800 shares during the period. Quadrant Capital Management LLC owned about 0.09% of Chatham Lodging Trust worth $671,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Foster & Motley Inc. increased its stake in Chatham Lodging Trust by 5.3% in the third quarter. Foster & Motley Inc. now owns 112,747 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2,170,000 after buying an additional 5,645 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in Chatham Lodging Trust by 91.0% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 40,304 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $776,000 after buying an additional 19,197 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Chatham Lodging Trust by 32.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 193,067 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3,717,000 after buying an additional 47,497 shares in the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in Chatham Lodging Trust by 49.1% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 233,303 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $4,491,000 after buying an additional 76,820 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in Chatham Lodging Trust by 6.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 72,789 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,401,000 after buying an additional 4,411 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 85.17% of the company’s stock. Shares of Chatham Lodging Trust (NYSE:CLDT) traded down 2.52% on Friday, hitting $19.36. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 350,682 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $19.55 and its 200-day moving average price is $19.69. The firm has a market cap of $740.64 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.90 and a beta of 0.98. Chatham Lodging Trust has a 52 week low of $16.45 and a 52 week high of $24.80. Chatham Lodging Trust (NYSE:CLDT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.03 by $0.04. Chatham Lodging Trust had a return on equity of 4.82% and a net margin of 11.34%. The company had revenue of $67.24 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $64.54 million. Equities analysts expect that Chatham Lodging Trust will post $0.73 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Friday, April 28th will be paid a $0.11 dividend. This represents a $1.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.82%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 26th. Chatham Lodging Trust’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 155.30%. WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/quadrant-capital-management-llc-acquires-800-shares-of-chatham-lodging-trust-cldt.html. A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on CLDT shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Chatham Lodging Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Barclays PLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $21.00 price objective on shares of Chatham Lodging Trust in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price objective on Chatham Lodging Trust to $19.00 in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald reissued a “hold” rating and set a $18.00 price objective on shares of Chatham Lodging Trust in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $19.60. About Chatham Lodging Trust Chatham Lodging Trust is a real estate investment trust. The Company invests primarily in upscale extended-stay and premium-branded select-service hotels. All of the Company’s assets are held by, and all of its operations are conducted through Chatham Lodging, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned 38 hotels with an aggregate of 5,712 rooms located in 15 states and the District of Columbia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CLDT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Chatham Lodging Trust (NYSE:CLDT). Receive News & Ratings for Chatham Lodging Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chatham Lodging Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Under Trump Tax Plan, Banks, Restaurants, MLPs Could Win Big Lower tax rates would be a boon for companies such as JPMorgan Chase, Berkshire Hathaway, and Anthem. Consumers could be the biggest winners. By Andrew Bary Biography April 29, 2017 President Trump’s proposal to cut the federal corporate income tax rate to 15% from 35% could mean a windfall for many industries with a domestic focus, including retailers, telecom companies, regional banks, restaurant chains, and health insurers. All tend to pay a tax rate close to 35%—and even higher when factoring in state and local taxes—because they lack lower-taxed overseas operations. The average tax rate paid by... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Berkshire Buys $250M In Sirius Tracking Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Byron Wien: The Scary Signal of the Bond Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. This Energy Stock Should Rise Even if Oil Prices Fall Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Caterpillar Revving Up? 2 Why Trump Gets a 100-Day Review — When Others Don’t 3 Private Equity for the Mass Affluent Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EMCORE Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EMCORE Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Markel Corp Acquires 50,000 Shares of The Carlyle Group LP (CG) Markel Corp Has $13,315,000 Position in Msci Inc (MSCI) Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Stake Maintained by Brookstone Capital Management Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Stake Raised by Brookstone Capital Management Cadence Bank NA Has $254,000 Position in GGP Inc (GGP) Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Stake Held by Cadence Bank NA Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Reduced by Orca Investment Management LLC Horseman Capital Management Ltd Invests $690,000 in Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc (EGLE) Orca Investment Management LLC Has $2.705 Million Stake in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Orca Investment Management LLC Purchases Shares of 24,937 Aecom (ACM) EMCORE Co. (EMKR) Position Reduced by Orca Investment Management LLC Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results LKQ Co. (LKQ) Posts Earnings Results Mobile Mini Inc (MINI) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Nomura Holdings Inc (NMR) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Brokerages Set Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Price Target at $112.67 Brokerages Set Ithaca Energy Inc (IAE) Price Target at $93.14 Brokerages Set Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Price Target at $61.54 $0.12 EPS Expected for Office Depot Inc (ODP) This Quarter Horseman Capital Management Ltd Takes Position in Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) EMCORE Co. (EMKR) Position Reduced by Orca Investment Management LLC April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Orca Investment Management LLC cut its stake in shares of EMCORE Co. (NASDAQ:EMKR) by 2.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 213,048 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock after selling 4,283 shares during the period. EMCORE makes up approximately 1.7% of Orca Investment Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Orca Investment Management LLC owned 0.80% of EMCORE worth $1,917,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY raised its position in shares of EMCORE by 86.9% in the third quarter. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY now owns 2,227,670 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $12,698,000 after buying an additional 1,035,986 shares in the last quarter. Cortina Asset Management LLC bought a new position in shares of EMCORE during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $6,439,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of EMCORE by 6.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 392,534 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $2,237,000 after buying an additional 24,718 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of EMCORE by 33.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 378,474 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $3,290,000 after buying an additional 95,153 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of EMCORE during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,391,000. Institutional investors own 66.52% of the company’s stock. EMCORE Co. (NASDAQ:EMKR) traded down 1.64% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $9.00. The stock had a trading volume of 276,025 shares. EMCORE Co. has a 12-month low of $4.90 and a 12-month high of $10.50. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $8.73 and a 200-day moving average price of $8.19. The company has a market cap of $239.26 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.39 and a beta of 0.73. EMCORE (NASDAQ:EMKR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The semiconductor company reported $0.13 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.01. EMCORE had a return on equity of 3.84% and a net margin of 9.06%. The business earned $30.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $29.03 million. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 34.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that EMCORE Co. will post $0.50 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/emcore-co-emkr-position-reduced-by-orca-investment-management-llc.html. EMKR has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised EMCORE from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.50 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, April 7th. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $11.50 price objective on shares of EMCORE in a report on Sunday, February 12th. Dougherty & Co increased their price objective on EMCORE from $10.50 to $12.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, Lake Street Capital increased their price objective on EMCORE from $9.00 to $12.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $11.25. In other news, CEO Jeffrey Rittichier sold 6,237 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.00, for a total value of $62,370.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 212,422 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,124,220. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.77% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About EMCORE EMCORE Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing indium phosphide (InP) optical chips, components, subsystems and systems for the broadband and specialty fiber optics market. The Company focuses on linear fiber optic transmission technology. The Company operates through Fiber Optics segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EMKR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EMCORE Co. (NASDAQ:EMKR). Receive News & Ratings for EMCORE Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EMCORE Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Carlyle Group LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Carlyle Group LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Markel Corp Acquires 50,000 Shares of The Carlyle Group LP (CG) Markel Corp Has $13,315,000 Position in Msci Inc (MSCI) Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Stake Maintained by Brookstone Capital Management Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Stake Raised by Brookstone Capital Management Cadence Bank NA Has $254,000 Position in GGP Inc (GGP) Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Stake Held by Cadence Bank NA Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Reduced by Orca Investment Management LLC Horseman Capital Management Ltd Invests $690,000 in Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc (EGLE) Orca Investment Management LLC Has $2.705 Million Stake in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Orca Investment Management LLC Purchases Shares of 24,937 Aecom (ACM) EMCORE Co. (EMKR) Position Reduced by Orca Investment Management LLC Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results LKQ Co. (LKQ) Posts Earnings Results Mobile Mini Inc (MINI) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Nomura Holdings Inc (NMR) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Brokerages Set Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Price Target at $112.67 Brokerages Set Ithaca Energy Inc (IAE) Price Target at $93.14 Brokerages Set Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Price Target at $61.54 $0.12 EPS Expected for Office Depot Inc (ODP) This Quarter Horseman Capital Management Ltd Takes Position in Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Markel Corp Acquires 50,000 Shares of The Carlyle Group LP (CG) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Markel Corp raised its position in The Carlyle Group LP (NASDAQ:CG) by 10.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 527,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 50,000 shares during the period. Markel Corp owned 0.62% of The Carlyle Group worth $8,406,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. First Manhattan Co. increased its stake in shares of The Carlyle Group by 1,447.1% in the third quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 10,830 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $168,000 after buying an additional 10,130 shares during the period. SOL Capital Management CO increased its stake in shares of The Carlyle Group by 0.6% in the third quarter. SOL Capital Management CO now owns 242,450 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $3,775,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its stake in shares of The Carlyle Group by 26.5% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 19,075 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $297,000 after buying an additional 4,000 shares during the period. Vantage Investment Partners LLC increased its stake in shares of The Carlyle Group by 16.8% in the third quarter. Vantage Investment Partners LLC now owns 600,407 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $9,348,000 after buying an additional 86,207 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of The Carlyle Group by 82.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 655,376 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $10,204,000 after buying an additional 296,433 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 41.59% of the company’s stock. The Carlyle Group LP (NASDAQ:CG) traded up 1.14% on Friday, reaching $17.70. 993,069 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average is $16.14 and its 200-day moving average is $15.98. The stock’s market cap is $1.52 billion. The Carlyle Group LP has a 52-week low of $14.35 and a 52-week high of $17.70. The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ:CG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The financial services provider reported $0.02 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.39. The Carlyle Group had a return on equity of 14.73% and a net margin of 0.28%. The firm had revenue of $575.90 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $545.14 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.24 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 19.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that The Carlyle Group LP will post $1.71 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Markel Corp Acquires 50,000 Shares of The Carlyle Group LP (CG)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/markel-corp-acquires-50000-shares-of-the-carlyle-group-lp-cg.html. Several brokerages recently issued reports on CG. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of The Carlyle Group in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of The Carlyle Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $17.71. The Carlyle Group Company Profile The Carlyle Group L.P. is a diversified multi-product global alternative asset management firm. The Company operates in four segments: Corporate Private Equity (CPE), Real Assets, Global Market Strategies (GMS) and Investment Solutions. Corporate Private Equity advises its buyout and growth capital funds, which pursue various corporate investments of different sizes and growth potentials. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for The Carlyle Group LP (NASDAQ:CG). Receive News & Ratings for The Carlyle Group LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Carlyle Group LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC JPMorgan leaves blockchain consortium Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               JPMorgan Chase has left the mammoth bank blockchain consortium led by New York-based startup R3 CEV, the latest member to depart over the course of the company's fundraising process, R3 confirmed on Thursday. Reuters reports that R3, which counts about 80 financial institutions as members, wants to raise $150 million from its members and strategic investors and give them a 60 percent stake in R3. "JPMorgan parted ways with R3 to pursue a very distinct technology path which is at odds with the one chosen by the global financial services industry, represented by our 80-plus members," said Charley Cooper, a managing director at R3. JPMorgan's move follows the departure of other large banks from the R3 consortium. Goldman Sachs, Banco Santander, Morgan Stanley and National Australian Bank left the group in quick succession in late 2016, as R3 proceeded with its fundraising plans. Hit the link below to access the complete Reuters article: JPMorgan Chase & Co leaves blockchain consortium R3 Dip in bad loans reveals green shoots in StanChart revival   Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cambian Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cambian Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Weighs in on Northern Trust Co.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (NTRS) Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Increased to GBX 140.80 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Just Eat PLC (JE) Given New GBX 780 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Gaming Realms PLC (GMR) Price Target Cut to GBX 30 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Morses Club PLC (MCL) Price Target Raised to GBX 149 at Numis Securities Ltd Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Dart Group PLC (DTG) Receives Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 90 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Iberdrola SA (IBE) Given a €7.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Given Outperform Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,900 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Agnico Eagle Mines’ (AEM) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Eiger Biopharmaceuticals (EIGR) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Griffon (GFF) Stock Price Wesbanco Bank Inc. Has $4.296 Million Stake in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) SCANA Co. (SCG) Shares Bought by Hennessy Advisors Inc. UGI Corp (UGI) Shares Sold by Hennessy Advisors Inc. Tidewater Inc. (TDW) Stake Cut by Eidelman Virant Capital Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Cambian Group PLC (LON:CMBN) in a report published on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 139 ($1.78) price target on the health services provider’s stock. Separately, Numis Securities Ltd reissued an add rating and issued a GBX 161 ($2.06) price objective on shares of Cambian Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday. Cambian Group PLC (LON:CMBN) traded up 0.96% on Thursday, hitting GBX 157.25. The stock had a trading volume of 82,184 shares. Cambian Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 48.25 and a 1-year high of GBX 172.95. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 284.30 million. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 146.94 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 136.17. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/cambian-group-plc-cmbn-receives-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Cambian Group PLC Company Profile Cambian Group plc is a provider of specialist behavioral health services for children in the United Kingdom. The Company’s children services include specialist education services, specialist residential care services, foster care services and specialist mental health services. Its schools provide support to children with Autism, Asperger’s Syndrome, severe learning disabilities, challenging behavior and complex needs. Receive News & Ratings for Cambian Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cambian Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cott Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cott Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Asset Advisors Corp Raises Stake in Dover Corp (DOV) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Increases Position in Unilever NV (UN) Cott Co. (COT) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in Magna International Inc. (MGA) Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Position Raised by Russell Investments Group Ltd. 5,799 Shares in Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Acquired by ARP Americas LLC Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases 1,076,763 Shares of Williams Companies Inc (WMB) ARP Americas LLC Has $232,000 Stake in Greif, Inc. (GEF) ARP Americas LLC Reduces Position in CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) ARP Americas LLC Reduces Stake in VMware, Inc. (VMW) ARP Americas LLC Purchases New Position in Ameren Corp (AEE) Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Major Shareholder Seed Iv L. P. Israel Sells 47,800 Shares Bearing Resources Ltd (BRZ) Insider Robert Andrew Best Acquires 119,500 Shares of Stock Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (CVLY) Director Harry R. Esq Swift Sells 3,344 Shares Versabank (VB) Director Patrick George Purchases 26,200 Shares Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) to Issue $0.35 Quarterly Dividend Summit Midstream Partners LP (SMLP) Declares $0.58 Dividend PhotoMedex (PHMD) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.03 Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Share Price Cott Co. (COT) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd. April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Russell Investments Group Ltd. cut its stake in shares of Cott Co. (NYSE:COT) (TSE:BCB) by 0.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 5,341,521 shares of the company’s stock after selling 16,404 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd.’s holdings in Cott were worth $65,986,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of COT. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc purchased a new stake in Cott during the third quarter valued at $555,000. Alambic Investment Management L.P. raised its position in shares of Cott by 129.4% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 45,555 shares of the company’s stock valued at $649,000 after buying an additional 25,700 shares in the last quarter. Trellus Management Company LLC bought a new position in shares of Cott during the third quarter valued at approximately $784,000. Three Peaks Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Cott by 5.4% in the third quarter. Three Peaks Capital Management LLC now owns 758,825 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,813,000 after buying an additional 39,070 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Cott by 28.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 309,217 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,406,000 after buying an additional 69,025 shares in the last quarter. 0.18% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Cott Co. (NYSE:COT) traded down 0.791% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $13.165. 942,095 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Cott Co. has a 52 week low of $10.10 and a 52 week high of $17.38. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.83 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $12.41 and its 200 day moving average is $11.87. Cott (NYSE:COT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.03) by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $887 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $897.94 million. Cott had a negative net margin of 0.09% and a positive return on equity of 4.41%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 27.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.03 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that Cott Co. will post $0.20 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Investors of record on Tuesday, March 14th were issued a $0.046 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, March 10th. This represents a $0.18 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.39%. Cott’s dividend payout ratio is presently -600.00%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cott Co. (COT) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd.” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/cott-co-cot-shares-sold-by-russell-investments-group-ltd.html. COT has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and issued a $19.00 price objective on shares of Cott in a report on Monday, April 17th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 price objective on shares of Cott in a report on Friday, March 24th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Cott from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $12.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on shares of Cott from $12.50 to $13.50 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. Cott has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $16.86. In related news, Director Eric Rosenfeld purchased 125,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $10.60 per share, with a total value of $1,325,000.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 390,065 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,134,689. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Thomas Harrington purchased 46,100 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $10.99 per share, for a total transaction of $506,639.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the chief executive officer now directly owns 43,953 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $483,043.47. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders purchased 192,570 shares of company stock worth $2,059,802 over the last ninety days. 2.19% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Cott Company Profile Cott Corporation, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in production of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. The Company operates through four segments: DSS; Cott North America; Cott United Kingdom (Cott U.K.), and All Other, which includes its Mexico segment, Royal Crown International (RCI) segment and other miscellaneous expenses. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cott Co. (NYSE:COT) (TSE:BCB). Receive News & Ratings for Cott Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cott Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital One Financial Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC Has $455,000 Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) International Paper Co (IP) Shares Bought by Korea Investment CORP Trimble Inc (TRMB) Position Decreased by PGGM Investments Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for Apollo Investment Corp. (AINV) ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research PGGM Investments Has $30.545 Million Position in CME Group Inc (CME) Reik & CO. LLC Holds Position in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Korea Investment CORP Lowers Stake in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Korea Investment CORP Boosts Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS) Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Position Cut by PGGM Investments DZ Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Aixtron Se (AIXG) Korea Investment CORP Has $19.151 Million Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Orange SA (ORA) Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Shares Sold by PGGM Investments Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Announces Earnings Results CONMED Co. (CNMD) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Washington Prime Group Inc (WPG) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Somewhat Negative News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) Stock Price Neustar (NSR) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Finds Standard Motor Products (SMP) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC Has $455,000 Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC held its position in shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 5,255 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Capital One Financial Corp. accounts for about 0.5% of REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 29th largest position. REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Capital One Financial Corp. were worth $455,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Dodge & Cox purchased a new position in Capital One Financial Corp. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,944,247,000. FMR LLC increased its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 22.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 29,667,288 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,588,175,000 after buying an additional 5,394,359 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors increased its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 27.5% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 27,456,008 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,972,165,000 after buying an additional 5,914,808 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,706,949 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,893,717,000 after buying an additional 952,537 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 34.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,546,669 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,260,376,000 after buying an additional 4,511,539 shares during the last quarter. 88.38% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) traded down 1.48% on Friday, hitting $81.09. The stock had a trading volume of 1,437,315 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $85.25 and a 200 day moving average of $85.07. Capital One Financial Corp. has a 1-year low of $58.03 and a 1-year high of $96.92. The company has a market capitalization of $39.11 billion, a PE ratio of 12.30 and a beta of 1.24. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $1.75 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.93 by $0.18. Capital One Financial Corp. had a net margin of 13.63% and a return on equity of 8.06%. The business earned $6.54 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.63 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.84 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Capital One Financial Corp. will post $7.53 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/redw-stanley-financial-advisors-llc-has-455000-stake-in-capital-one-financial-corp-cof.html. COF has been the topic of several research reports. Rafferty Capital Markets raised Capital One Financial Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $109.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $103.00 target price on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Nomura raised Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from $97.00 to $105.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Instinet raised Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from $97.00 to $105.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating, eleven have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $88.41. In other news, insider John G. Finneran, Jr. sold 9,429 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $93.49, for a total transaction of $881,517.21. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 131,958 shares in the company, valued at approximately $12,336,753.42. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Jory A. Berson sold 63,562 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $92.08, for a total transaction of $5,852,788.96. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 162,542 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,966,867.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 233,935 shares of company stock valued at $20,940,906 over the last quarter. 1.94% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Capital One Financial Corp. Capital One Financial Corporation is a diversified financial services holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients through branches, the Internet and other distribution channels. The Company’s segments include Credit Card, Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF). Receive News & Ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Petra Diamonds Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PG&E Co. (PCG) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Magna International Inc. (MGA) to Sell Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (VIVO) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Six Flags Entertainment Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SIX) LCNB Corp. (LCNB) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.16 Tractor Supply Company to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (TSCO) Old Mutual plc (OML) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC Has $455,000 Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) International Paper Co (IP) Shares Bought by Korea Investment CORP Trimble Inc (TRMB) Position Decreased by PGGM Investments Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for Apollo Investment Corp. (AINV) ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research PGGM Investments Has $30.545 Million Position in CME Group Inc (CME) Reik & CO. LLC Holds Position in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Korea Investment CORP Lowers Stake in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Korea Investment CORP Boosts Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS) Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Position Cut by PGGM Investments DZ Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Aixtron Se (AIXG) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their overweight rating on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited (LON:PDL) in a report released on Tuesday morning. They currently have a GBX 170 ($2.17) price objective on the stock. A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on PDL. Barclays PLC increased their target price on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited from GBX 168 ($2.15) to GBX 200 ($2.56) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. FinnCap reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 213 ($2.72) target price on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Liberum Capital reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 190 ($2.43) target price on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Panmure Gordon reissued a hold rating and set a GBX 152 ($1.94) target price on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 160 ($2.05) target price on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 170 ($2.17). Shares of Petra Diamonds Limited (LON:PDL) traded up 0.62% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 130.30. 946,367 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average of GBX 131.43 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 147.08. The stock’s market cap is GBX 686.34 million. Petra Diamonds Limited has a one year low of GBX 98.50 and a one year high of GBX 173.60. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-overweight-rating-for-petra-diamonds-limited-pdl.html. About Petra Diamonds Limited Petra Diamonds Limited is an independent diamond mining company and supplier of rough diamonds to the international market. The Company’s segments include Mining and Exploration. The Mining segment includes the extraction and sale of rough diamonds from mining operations in South Africa and Tanzania. Receive News & Ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Orange SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC Has $455,000 Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) International Paper Co (IP) Shares Bought by Korea Investment CORP Trimble Inc (TRMB) Position Decreased by PGGM Investments Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for Apollo Investment Corp. (AINV) ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research PGGM Investments Has $30.545 Million Position in CME Group Inc (CME) Reik & CO. LLC Holds Position in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Korea Investment CORP Lowers Stake in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Korea Investment CORP Boosts Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS) Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Position Cut by PGGM Investments DZ Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Aixtron Se (AIXG) Korea Investment CORP Has $19.151 Million Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Orange SA (ORA) Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Shares Sold by PGGM Investments Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Announces Earnings Results CONMED Co. (CNMD) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Washington Prime Group Inc (WPG) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Somewhat Negative News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) Stock Price Neustar (NSR) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Finds Standard Motor Products (SMP) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Orange SA (ORA) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Orange SA (EPA: ORA) recently received a number of ratings updates from brokerages and research firms: 4/28/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €17.40 ($18.91) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €20.00 ($21.74) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €17.00 ($18.48) price target on by analysts at S&P Global. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €19.00 ($20.65) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €17.40 ($18.91) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/12/2017 – Orange SA had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 4/6/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €18.00 ($19.57) price target on by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/3/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €20.50 ($22.28) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €17.40 ($18.91) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €20.00 ($21.74) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/10/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €17.50 ($19.02) price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/7/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €18.00 ($19.57) price target on by analysts at Nord/LB. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/3/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €15.00 ($16.30) price target on by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €20.50 ($22.28) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Orange SA was given a new €20.50 ($22.28) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. Orange SA (EPA:ORA) traded down 2.304% on Friday, hitting €14.205. 6,856,107 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €14.50 and a 200-day moving average price of €14.27. The company has a market capitalization of €37.79 billion and a PE ratio of 13.698. Orange SA has a 12 month low of €12.38 and a 12 month high of €15.66. Orange SA is a telecommunications operator. The Company also provides telecommunication services to multinational companies, under the brand Orange Business Services. The Company’s segments include France, Spain, Poland, Belgium and Luxembourg, Central European countries, Africa and Middle East, Enterprise, and International Carriers & Shared Services. Receive News & Ratings for Orange SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rotork p.l.c. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork p.l.c. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Smith & Nephew plc’s (SN) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG STV Group Plc.’s (STVG) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Berenberg Bank Reaffirms Buy Rating for Restore PLC (RST) Spectris plc (SXS) Earns Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Earns “Equal weight” Rating from Barclays PLC Redstoneconnect PLC’s (REDS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Whitman Howard Brokers Issue Forecasts for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BECN) Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.00 Per Share BlackPearl Resources Inc. (PXX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Biopharmx Corp (BPMX) Short Interest Update Cellectis SA (CLLS) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Fitbit Inc (FIT) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.25 Per Share Willdan Group, Inc. (WLDN) Given $34.67 Consensus Price Target by Analysts Kellogg Company (K) Stake Boosted by UMB Bank N A MO American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Shares Bought by UMB Bank N A MO Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Stake Increased by Sigma Planning Corp UMB Bank N A MO Continues to Hold Position in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Stake Maintained by UMB Bank N A MO 14,850 Shares in Store Capital Corp (STOR) Acquired by Sigma Planning Corp GW Henssler & Associates Ltd. Raises Stake in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Earns “Equal weight” Rating from Barclays PLC April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reiterated their equal weight rating on shares of Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR) in a report published on Tuesday morning. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on ROR. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 230 ($2.94) price target on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on Rotork p.l.c. in a research note on Friday, January 6th. They set a buy rating and a GBX 280 ($3.58) price target on the stock. Bank of America Corp upped their price target on Rotork p.l.c. from GBX 170 ($2.17) to GBX 200 ($2.56) and gave the company an underperform rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Peel Hunt upped their price target on Rotork p.l.c. from GBX 230 ($2.94) to GBX 285 ($3.64) and gave the company an add rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG lowered Rotork p.l.c. to a neutral rating and upped their price target for the company from GBX 230 ($2.94) to GBX 250 ($3.20) in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 229.44 ($2.93). Shares of Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR) traded down 1.75% on Tuesday, hitting GBX 246.50. The stock had a trading volume of 3,395,881 shares. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.14 billion. Rotork p.l.c. has a 52 week low of GBX 173.97 and a 52 week high of GBX 269.40. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 252.35 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 241.23. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Earns “Equal weight” Rating from Barclays PLC” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/rotork-p-l-c-ror-earns-equal-weight-rating-from-barclays-plc.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a GBX 3.15 ($0.04) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.28%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This is an increase from Rotork p.l.c.’s previous dividend of $1.95. In related news, insider Stephen Rhys Jones sold 4,821 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 247 ($3.16), for a total value of £11,907.87 ($15,223.56). Rotork p.l.c. Company Profile Rotork plc is a United Kingdom-based company engaged in the design and manufacture of actuators, which are used for the automation of industrial valves, and flow control products. The Company operates through four segments: Controls, Fluid Systems, Gears and Instruments. The Controls segment is engaged in the design, sale and manufacture of electric actuators. Receive News & Ratings for Rotork p.l.c. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork p.l.c. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  You are here: Home > Business > Markets Yu'e Bao becomes largest money market fund globally 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail Xinhua, April 28, 2017 Adjust font size: Alibaba's four-year-old Yu'e Bao surpassed JPMorgan's U.S. government money market fund to become the world's largest. (Xinhuanet file photo) Alibaba's four-year-old Yu'e Bao surpassed JPMorgan's U.S. government money market fund to become the world's largest, according to the Financial Times. With 165.6 billion U.S. dollars under management, the Yu'e Bao fund has grown rapidly, reflecting the increasing importance and irreplaceable role of technology and e-commerce in China. The payments affiliate company of Alibaba, Ant Financial Services Group found that a great deal of cash remains in customers' accounts, which could be used for a fund. The Yu'e Bao fund was therefore born in 2013 and swept the money in those accounts into it. Due to Yu'e Bao's expansion, Tianhong Fund Management, the co-founder of Yu'e Bao has become the first fund company to break one trillion yuan (about 145 billion U.S. dollars). Moreover, Yu'e Bao's custodian bank CITIC Bank has also become the largest fund custody institution. Peter Alexander, managing director of China consultancy Z-Ben Advisors commented that Yu'e Bao has "so many individual accounts they are able to have the power to negotiate with banks, and because the duration is very short, they also have high liquidity." The large scale of the Yu'e Bao fund allowed it to "negotiate better rates, and banks need deposits to lend, and these are deposits," Alexander was quoted as saying by the Financial Times. An analyst at Tianhong Fund Management said that their company gives top priority to the liquidity of capital flows, but they also take every measure to balance the yield rate, liquidity and financial risks. "Yu'e Bao's large scale of capital brings challenge for investment, research and risk management," said Wang Dengfeng, a fund manager of Yu'e Bao. "On one hand, the fund holders have diverse demands, on the other hand, huge assets bring bigger pressure." Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. ChinaNews App Download Print E-mail Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter Yu'e Bao becomes largest money market fund globally Alibaba's four-year-old Yu'e Bao surpassed JPMorgan's U.S. government money market fund to become the world's largest, according to the Financial Times. Xinhua Xinhua
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading JPMorgan Chase & Co leaves blockchain consortium R3 Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search JPMorgan Chase & Co leaves blockchain consortium R3 Advertisement Business JPMorgan Chase & Co leaves blockchain consortium R3 JPMorgan Chase & Co has left the mammoth bank blockchain consortium led by New York-based startup R3 CEV, the latest member to depart over the course of the company's fundraising process, R3 confirmed on Thursday. People walk by the JP Morgan & Chase Co. building in New York in an October 24, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Eric Thayer/Files 28 Apr 2017 07:11PM (Updated: 28 Apr 2017 07:12PM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail NEW YORK: JPMorgan Chase & Co has left the mammoth bank blockchain consortium led by New York-based startup R3 CEV, the latest member to depart over the course of the company's fundraising process, R3 confirmed on Thursday. R3, which counts about 80 financial institutions as members, wants to raise US$150 million from its members and strategic investors and give them a 60 percent stake in R3. "We're grateful to JPMorgan for their input to R3," R3 said in a statement after Reuters reported the bank's departure. "We've got over 80 members across the world and have secured significant commitment from them in terms of both capital and resources." JPMorgan declined to comment. JPMorgan's move follows the departure of other large banks from the R3 consortium. Advertisement Goldman Sachs Group Inc , Banco Santander SA , Morgan Stanley and National Australian Bank left the group in quick succession in late 2016, as R3 proceeded with its fundraising plans. Like the other banks that have left the group, JPMorgan is involved in other blockchain initiatives. The bank is a member of the newly formed blockchain consortium Enterprise Ethereum Alliance, and is an investor in blockchain startups Axoni and Digital Asset Holdings. It also participates in the Hyperledger Project, a cross-industry group led by the Linux Foundation. R3, which began operating in September 2015, seeks to help the financial sector develop shared blockchain technology to run some of their most cumbersome and expensive processes. Blockchain is a distributed ledger of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers on the internet rather than a centralized authority. It first emerged as the system underpinning cryptocurrency bitcoin, but banks are hoping it can help them reduce the complexity and costs of activities like international payments and trading settlement. Skeptics have warned that the technology is still in its early days and it might take many years before the financial industry can reap any benefits. Since it began operating, R3 has rapidly gained the support from the world's largest banks, with members including UBS Group AG , Deutsche Bank AG , Barclays Plc , Bank of America Corp . So far they have paid membership fees to participate in the company's activities. R3 had initially planned to raise US$200 million from members and give them a 90 percent stake in a new company. In November, it lowered the target and said members would get a 60 percent stake in R3. Thomson Reuters Corp is also a member of R3. (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading JPMorgan zooming in on Warsaw for new global back office center Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search JPMorgan zooming in on Warsaw for new global back office center Advertisement Business JPMorgan zooming in on Warsaw for new global back office center U.S. bank JPMorgan Chase is zooming in on Warsaw as a destination for its new back office operations center which could eventually employ several thousand people supporting the bank's European and Asian business, sources said. FILE PHOTO -People walk by the JP Morgan & Chase Co. building in New York, U.S. on October 24, 2013. REUTERS/Eric Thayer/File Photo 28 Apr 2017 05:58PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail WARSAW/LONDON: U.S. bank JPMorgan Chase is zooming in on Warsaw as a destination for its new back office operations center which could eventually employ several thousand people supporting the bank's European and Asian business, sources said. As Britain prepares to leave the European Union, and banks and other financial firms look to shift jobs from London's financial center, Poland has set its sights on mid-tier work where salaries may not be astronomical but jobs are numerous. A delegation from JPMorgan visited Warsaw last month, the sources said, to look for real estate that could house the new center, which could become of the largest of its kind in Poland. "The focus is definitely Warsaw," said one source familiar with the matter, speaking anonymously as discussions are not public. JPMorgan has also visited Poland's western city of Wroclaw and Hungary's capital Budapest as possible contenders, the source added. Advertisement "There were serious talks last month. It looks like they are close to picking Poland but never say never until deal is signed," another source said. Plans to create the center were not connected to Britain decision to exit the EU, the first source said. JPMorgan declined to comment on its plans. Poland, the EU's largest eastern economy, has already established itself as a major offshoring site for banks. The country has a population of 38 million and a relatively high-skilled and inexpensive workforce - average wages are roughly three times lower than in neighboring Germany. Goldman Sachs already has 300 people working in the Polish capital and is seeking 200 people more, while Credit Suisse employs several thousand people in Warsaw and Wroclaw. UBS has also based large IT and back office administrative operations in the country. The estimates of financial services jobs moved from all Western countries to Poland range from 35,000 to 45,000, with Britain's decision to exit the EU seen accelerating the process. A third source familiar with the matter said Warsaw was likely to emerge as the winner. "JP Morgan wants to hire 2,500 people and only Warsaw has a job market which is deep enough to bear with such an investment," the source said. Another Warsaw-based real estate source that although there was not enough prime real estate to accommodate several thousand employees right now, it could become available over the next year or so. JPMorgan would likely start with a few dozen people on the ground in the Polish capital by the end of year if plans are finalised, the first source said. (Reporting by Anjuli Davis, Marcin Goclowski, and Marcin Goettig; Writing by Marcin Goettig; Editing by Louise Heavens) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Welltower Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Welltower Inc (HCN) Stock Rating Lowered by Evercore ISI QCR Holdings’ (QCRH) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Surgery Partners Inc (SGRY) Given New $18.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Jefferies Group LLC Boosts Safe Bulkers, Inc. (SB) Price Target to $2.50 Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $934,000 Stake in Aviragen Therapeutics Inc (AVIR) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $941,000 Position in Ardelyx Inc (ARDX) MRV Communications, Inc. (MRVC) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Raises Stake in Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (HOV) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Sells 5,013 Shares of Servicesource International Inc (SREV) Celgene Sees Unusually High Options Volume (CELG) CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Short Interest Up 8.0% in March SunTrust Banks Comments on Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (HSII) Atento SA (ATTO) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Albemarle Co. (ALB) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) PT Lowered to $168.00 at Citigroup Inc BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Ally Financial Inc (ALLY) Avangrid Inc (AGR) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Anthem Inc (ANTM) Apache’s (APA) Hold Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Welltower Inc (HCN) Stock Rating Lowered by Evercore ISI April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Evercore ISI cut shares of Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN) from an in-line rating to an underperform rating in a report issued on Monday. Several other research firms have also commented on HCN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on shares of Welltower from $71.00 to $72.00 and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Welltower from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Barclays PLC reiterated a buy rating and set a $73.00 price objective on shares of Welltower in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on shares of Welltower from $69.00 to $70.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Welltower from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and set a $73.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Welltower currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $72.93. Welltower (NYSE:HCN) opened at 72.16 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $26.16 billion, a PE ratio of 25.68 and a beta of 0.19. The company’s 50 day moving average is $70.55 and its 200 day moving average is $67.44. Welltower has a 12 month low of $59.39 and a 12 month high of $80.19. Welltower (NYSE:HCN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The real estate investment trust reported $1.10 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.08 by $0.02. Welltower had a net margin of 20.74% and a return on equity of 6.37%. The business earned $1.08 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.05 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.13 earnings per share. Welltower’s quarterly revenue was up 4.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Welltower will post $1.77 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Welltower Inc (HCN) Stock Rating Lowered by Evercore ISI” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/welltower-inc-hcn-stock-rating-lowered-by-evercore-isi.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 22nd. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, May 9th will be issued a $0.87 dividend. This represents a $3.48 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.82%. Welltower’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 153.98%. In other news, insider Paul D. Nungester, Jr. sold 6,452 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.26, for a total value of $453,317.52. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 33,795 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,374,436.70. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Fred S. Klipsch sold 2,606 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.14, for a total transaction of $174,966.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.29% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its position in Welltower by 62.9% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 1,478,412 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $98,061,000 after buying an additional 571,012 shares in the last quarter. Texas Yale Capital Corp. increased its position in Welltower by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Texas Yale Capital Corp. now owns 25,488 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,706,000 after buying an additional 156 shares in the last quarter. Strs Ohio increased its position in Welltower by 11.5% in the third quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 635,439 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $47,511,000 after buying an additional 65,449 shares in the last quarter. Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC bought a new position in Welltower during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,137,000. Finally, Ancora Advisors LLC bought a new position in Welltower during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,963,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 84.96% of the company’s stock. About Welltower Welltower Inc invests with seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund real estate and infrastructure. The Company invests in seniors housing and healthcare real estate. It operates in three segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. Welltower, a real estate investment trust (REIT), owns interests in properties concentrated in markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities, and outpatient medical properties. Receive News & Ratings for Welltower Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AlarmCom Hldg Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AlarmCom Hldg Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CRH Medical Corp (CRHM) Position Decreased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $982,000 Stake in Sangamo Therapeutics Inc (SGMO) Renaissance Technologies LLC Acquires New Stake in CytomX Therapeutics Inc (CTMX) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Reduces Position in Nokia Oyj (NOK) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $5.148 Million Position in PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $5.572 Million Stake in Cott Co. (COT) State Street Corp Purchases 18,958 Shares of Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $5.775 Million Position in TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) State Street Corp Acquires 5,597 Shares of AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $5.5 Million Stake in Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (AHP) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Position in Kindred Biosciences Inc (KIN) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Lowers Position in Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp (NTT) State Street Corp Purchases 21,307 Shares of Carolina Financial Corp (CARO) Waters Co. (WAT) Earns “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by MKM Partners Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Lakeland Financial Co. (LKFN) Raised by Analyst Jefferies Group Weighs in on PACCAR Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (PCAR) White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd (WTM) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. (TYPE) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Vernalis plc (VNLPY) to “Hold” State Street Corp Acquires 5,597 Shares of AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp boosted its stake in AlarmCom Hldg Inc (NASDAQ:ALRM) by 3.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 164,475 shares of the software maker’s stock after buying an additional 5,597 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in AlarmCom Hldg were worth $4,574,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in ALRM. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of AlarmCom Hldg during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,282,000. Analytic Investors LLC purchased a new position in shares of AlarmCom Hldg during the third quarter valued at about $1,403,000. Timpani Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of AlarmCom Hldg during the third quarter valued at about $842,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of AlarmCom Hldg by 289,279.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 83,920 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $2,422,000 after buying an additional 83,891 shares during the period. Finally, Chicago Equity Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of AlarmCom Hldg during the third quarter valued at about $847,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 63.00% of the company’s stock. Shares of AlarmCom Hldg Inc (NASDAQ:ALRM) opened at 32.76 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $31.26 and a 200 day moving average price of $29.33. AlarmCom Hldg Inc has a 12 month low of $19.91 and a 12 month high of $34.43. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.51 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 156.00 and a beta of 1.64. AlarmCom Hldg (NASDAQ:ALRM) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, March 15th. The software maker reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.13 by $0.06. The company earned $69.79 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $63.95 million. AlarmCom Hldg had a negative return on equity of 20.70% and a net margin of 4.21%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 22.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.14 earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that AlarmCom Hldg Inc will post $0.74 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “State Street Corp Acquires 5,597 Shares of AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/state-street-corp-acquires-5597-shares-of-alarmcom-hldg-inc-alrm.html. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Roth Capital set a $39.00 price objective on AlarmCom Hldg and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Imperial Capital upgraded AlarmCom Hldg from an “in-line” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $30.00 to $35.00 in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded AlarmCom Hldg from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Bank of America Corp raised their price objective on AlarmCom Hldg from $37.00 to $39.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised their price objective on AlarmCom Hldg from $31.00 to $34.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $34.10. In other news, insider David Hutz sold 3,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.55, for a total transaction of $113,925.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 138,522 shares in the company, valued at $4,508,891.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Jean-Paul Martin sold 40,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $27.42, for a total value of $1,096,800.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 162,904 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,466,827.68. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 153,498 shares of company stock valued at $4,412,270. 78.50% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About AlarmCom Hldg Alarm.com Holdings, Inc is a platform solution for the connected property. The Company offers a suite of cloud-based solutions for the smart home and business, including interactive security, video monitoring, intelligent automation and energy management. The Company operates through two segments: Alarm.com and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ALRM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AlarmCom Hldg Inc (NASDAQ:ALRM). Receive News & Ratings for AlarmCom Hldg Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AlarmCom Hldg Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Travis Perkins plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Travis Perkins plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) PT Raised to GBX 83 CorMedix Inc. (CRMD) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Northland Securities Reiterates “Corporate” Rating for Photonstar Led Group PLC (PSL) Short Interest in Sphere 3D Corp. (ANY) Rises By 87.4% Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Plains GP Holdings (PAGP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Under Armour Inc (UAA) Boosted by B. Riley Norsk Hydro ASA (NHYDY) Raised to Conviction-Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Intertek Group (IKTSY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Denso Corp (DNZOY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Persimmon plc (PSN) CIBC Increases Ag Growth International Inc (AFN) Price Target to C$63.00 Canfor Co. (CFP) PT Raised to C$22.00 Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Price Target Increased to $145.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Bank of America Corp (BAC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon (SJMHY) Cut to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Travis Perkins plc (TPK) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Travis Perkins plc (LON:TPK)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating restated by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Friday. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Liberum Capital restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,650 ($21.09) target price on shares of Travis Perkins plc in a research report on Thursday. Shore Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Travis Perkins plc in a research report on Thursday. Barclays PLC restated an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 1,325 ($16.94) target price on shares of Travis Perkins plc in a research report on Friday. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Travis Perkins plc in a research report on Friday. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC decreased their target price on Travis Perkins plc from GBX 1,690 ($21.61) to GBX 1,670 ($21.35) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,597.64 ($20.42). Travis Perkins plc (LON:TPK) opened at 1604.00 on Friday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 4.00 billion. Travis Perkins plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,090.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,978.00. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,526.47 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 1,463.93. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 13th will be issued a GBX 29.75 ($0.38) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.03%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 13th. This is a boost from Travis Perkins plc’s previous dividend of $15.25. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-overweight-rating-for-travis-perkins-plc-tpk.html. In related news, insider Tony Buffin purchased 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 1,445 ($18.47) per share, with a total value of £144,500 ($184,735.36). Also, insider Christopher Rogers purchased 57 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 1,470 ($18.79) per share, with a total value of £837.90 ($1,071.21). In the last ninety days, insiders purchased 22,575 shares of company stock valued at $33,536,324 and sold 58,497 shares valued at $88,212,146. About Travis Perkins plc Travis Perkins plc is a United Kingdom-based product supplier to the building, construction and home improvement markets. The Company operates through segments, which include General Merchanting, Plumbing & Heating, Contracts and Consumer. The General Merchanting segment consists of the Travis Perkins and Benchmarx brands and supplies products for various types of repair, maintenance and improvement projects (RMI), as well as new residential and commercial construction. Receive News & Ratings for Travis Perkins plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Travis Perkins plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Melco Intl Dev - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Melco Intl Dev with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Price Target Increased to $145.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Bank of America Corp (BAC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon (SJMHY) Cut to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Melco Intl Dev (MDEVF) to Underweight AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (AMC) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Waters Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WAT) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Issued By SunTrust Banks Langen Mcalenn Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Waters Co. (WAT) Issued By William Blair Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades FB Financial Corp (FBK) to Hold Coach Inc (COH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Endologix, Inc. (ELGX) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest Short Interest in JD.Com Inc (JD) Decreases By 3.8% BHP Billiton plc (BLT) PT Set at GBX 1,510 by Morgan Stanley British Land Company PLC (BLND) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) Lowered by Capital One Financial Corp. Capital One Financial Corp. Comments on Cobalt International Energy, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CIE) Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by William Blair JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Melco Intl Dev (MDEVF) to Underweight April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Melco Intl Dev (NASDAQ:MDEVF) from a neutral rating to an underweight rating in a report released on Monday. Melco Intl Dev (NASDAQ:MDEVF) opened at 1.96 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $3.01 billion and a P/E ratio of 2.27. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $1.80 and a 200 day moving average price of $1.55. Melco Intl Dev has a 1-year low of $0.98 and a 1-year high of $2.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/jpmorgan-chase-co-lowers-melco-intl-dev-mdevf-to-underweight.html. Receive News & Ratings for Melco Intl Dev Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Melco Intl Dev and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Price Target Increased to $145.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Bank of America Corp (BAC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon (SJMHY) Cut to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Melco Intl Dev (MDEVF) to Underweight AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (AMC) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Waters Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WAT) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Issued By SunTrust Banks Langen Mcalenn Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Waters Co. (WAT) Issued By William Blair Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades FB Financial Corp (FBK) to Hold Coach Inc (COH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Endologix, Inc. (ELGX) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest Short Interest in JD.Com Inc (JD) Decreases By 3.8% BHP Billiton plc (BLT) PT Set at GBX 1,510 by Morgan Stanley British Land Company PLC (BLND) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) Lowered by Capital One Financial Corp. Capital One Financial Corp. Comments on Cobalt International Energy, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CIE) Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by William Blair Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon (SJMHY) Cut to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon (NASDAQ:SJMHY) from a neutral rating to an underweight rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday. Shares of Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon (NASDAQ:SJMHY) opened at 3.61 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $5.11 billion and a PE ratio of 17.03. Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon has a 12 month low of $2.42 and a 12 month high of $3.69. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon (SJMHY) Cut to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/sjm-holdings-ltd-unspon-sjmhy-cut-to-underweight-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Receive News & Ratings for Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sjm Holdings Ltd. Unspon and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Ahead of the Crowd 9 Undervalued Earnings, Revenue Powerhouses These companies blew past analyst estimates for first-quarter results and should continue to trade higher. By Jack Hough Biography April 27, 2017 7:33 a.m. ET The U.S. stock market is full of surprises. The percentage of S&P 500 companies beating earnings estimates in the first quarter is the highest in six years. And the percentage of those beating forecasts for earnings and revenues is the highest in five years, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Research suggests such... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Berkshire Buys $250M In Sirius Tracking Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Byron Wien: The Scary Signal of the Bond Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. This Energy Stock Should Rise Even if Oil Prices Fall Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Caterpillar Revving Up? 2 Why Trump Gets a 100-Day Review — When Others Don’t 3 Private Equity for the Mass Affluent Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AstraZeneca plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AstraZeneca plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Fishing Republic PLC (FISH) Earns “Buy” Rating from Northland Securities Antofagasta plc (ANTO) Price Target Raised to GBX 875 Fresnillo Plc (FRES) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,100 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) Earns Sell Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc PureCircle Limited (PURE) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital Seaspan Co. (SSW) Trading 10.5% Higher Following Earnings Beat Finisar Co. (FNSR) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Decreases By 66.2% Jefferies Group Comments on Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNR) New Gold Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share (NGD) Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Mortice Limited (MORT) PT Raised to GBX 105 Lok'n Store Group Plc (LOK) PT Raised to GBX 510 Stockdale Securities Reaffirms Buy Rating for Ascent Resources Plc (AST) National Bank Financial Boosts Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Price Target to C$101.00 TD Securities Boosts Capital Power Corp (CPX) Price Target to C$26.00 North American Energy Partners Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share (NOA) SunTrust Banks Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their neutral rating on shares of AstraZeneca plc (LON:AZN) in a research note released on Monday. A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on AZN. BNP Paribas restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 5,300 ($67.76) price objective on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 3,900 ($49.86) price objective on shares of AstraZeneca plc and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 6,000 ($76.71) price objective on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Shore Capital restated a sell rating on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Beaufort Securities restated a hold rating on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, ten have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 5,030.86 ($64.32). AstraZeneca plc (LON:AZN) opened at 4698.00 on Monday. AstraZeneca plc has a 12 month low of GBX 3,680.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 5,505.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 59.44 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 4,801.32 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 4,563.53. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/astrazeneca-plc-azn-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-2.html. About AstraZeneca plc AstraZeneca PLC (AstraZeneca) is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on discovery and development of products, which are then manufactured, marketed and sold. The Company focuses on three main therapy areas: Oncology, Cardiovascular & Metabolic Disease (CVMD) and Respiratory, while selectively pursuing therapies in Autoimmunity, Infection and Neuroscience. Receive News & Ratings for AstraZeneca plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AstraZeneca plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Barclays reports surprise drop in trading revenue The trading performance marked the first quarter under Tim Throsby, who was poached from JPMorgan Chase last year to help turn around the investment bank Stephen Morris Friday 28 April 2017 08:00 BST Click to follow Barclays became the latest European bank to post disappointing first-quarter trading results that failed to live up to the gains American firms reported. The firm posted a surprise drop in fixed-income trading revenue, in contrast with a collective 24 per cent jump achieved by its five largest American counterparts. Income from equities, the other main trading business, also fell more than expected. Chief Executive Officer Jes Staley, 60, has thrown his weight behind the investment bank in London and New York, arguing a securities unit is a valuable counterbalance to its more profitable retail and credit card businesses. Capturing market share from European peers that are retreating from some markets would help the unit boost its returns. Read more RBS reports profit for the first quarter of 2017 “We didn’t have the uptick that a number of the US banks did,” Mr Staley said in a Bloomberg Television interview. “We could have done a little better on the U.S. rates side, but we’re not going to make any judgments on one quarter.”  The trading performance marked the first quarter under Tim Throsby, who was poached from JPMorgan Chase last year to help turn around the investment bank. Mr Staley has touted the need for Europe to have a successful investment bank based in the region, as American firms have seized share in the trading and merger advisory businesses in recent years. Fixed-income trading dropped 1 per cent, while the equities business fell 10 per cent. Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg News had expected Barclays’s fixed income revenue to rise 17 per cent, while the equities unit was forecast to slump 5 per cent, according to the average of four estimates. Trading typically accounts for about a quarter of the firm’s revenue. Read more Barclays boss right on immigration: Britain must remain open Barclays security chief 'faces investigation over whistleblowing' Barclays CEO under investigation for trying to identify whistleblower Any progress Mr Staley has made turning around the British lender risks being overshadowed by his attempts to unmask an anonymous whistle-blower in violation of company policy, revealed two weeks ago when the board reprimanded the CEO and reported him to regulators. Mr Staley may forfeit his entire £1.3m 2016 bonus over the scandal and could lose his job if regulatory investigations deem him unfit to run a bank. “The full board of the bank did its review and voted unanimously to support me,” Mr Staley said in the television interview. Barclays’s pretax profit more than doubled to £1.68bn, Barclays said in a statement Friday. Five analysts surveyed by Bloomberg had estimated pretax profit of £1.51bn. Total revenue climbed 16 per cent to £5.82bn, exceeding analysts’ £5.67bn forecast. Bloomberg More about: Jes Staley Barclays Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Bank AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) PT Set at €18.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) PT Set at $9.00 by Roth Capital Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “$290.00” Price Target for O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Downgraded by Williams Capital to “Hold” Power REIT (PW) Lifted to C at TheStreet Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Beiersdorf AG (BEI) American Tower Corp (AMT) Reaches New 12-Month High on Strong Earnings Metro, Inc. (MRU) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. NorthWest Health Prop Real Est Inv Trust (NWH.UN) Earns Sector Perform Rating from Scotiabank Raymond James Financial, Inc. Downgrades Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) to Market Perform Renault SA (RNO) PT Set at €100.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €69.00 by Barclays PLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €23.30 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Farmland Partners Inc to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (FPI) LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) PT Set at €235.00 by Credit Suisse Group AG Investors Sell Shares of Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) on Strength Following Analyst Downgrade Cogint, Inc. (COGT) Short Interest Update Traders Sell Shares of C R Bard Inc (BCR) on Strength on Insider Selling NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Short Interest Down 3.5% in March M/I Homes Inc (MHO) Sees Strong Trading Volume After Strong Earnings Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) PT Set at €18.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €18.00 ($19.57) price target on Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) in a research report report published on Monday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. equinet AG set a €22.00 ($23.91) target price on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Independent Research GmbH set a €19.00 ($20.65) target price on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Macquarie set a €17.50 ($19.02) target price on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday. HSBC Holdings plc set a €15.00 ($16.30) target price on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €16.50 ($17.93) price target on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of €16.14 ($17.55). Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) opened at 16.748 on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG has a 52 week low of €8.85 and a 52 week high of €17.82. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €15.82 and a 200-day moving average price of €14.96. The stock’s market cap is €23.10 billion. WARNING: “Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) PT Set at €18.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/deutsche-bank-ag-dbk-pt-set-at-18-00-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG is a Germany-based global investment bank. The Company diversifies its activities into three group divisions: Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB); Private Clients and Asset Management (PCAM), and Corporate Investments (CI). The Corporate & Investment Bank group division comprises corporate banking and securities activities and is divided into Corporate Banking & Securities (CB&S), comprising Markets and Corporate Finance businesses, and Global Transaction Banking (GTB) corporate divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Bank AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ply Gem Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 12,698 Shares in Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Acquired by Virtu Financial LLC 24,861 Shares in Pacific Continental Co. (PCBK) Acquired by Virtu Financial LLC Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Acquires 23,552 Shares of First Busey Co. (BUSE) The Valspar Corp (VAL) is Palisade Asset Management LLC’s Largest Position Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Buys 18,446 Shares of Avista Corp (AVA) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Brokerages Set Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Price Target at $159.62 Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Increases Stake in HomeStreet Inc (HMST) Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Has $11.731 Million Stake in Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc (BRSS) DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Shares Bought by Hillcrest Asset Management LLC 7,500 Shares in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Acquired by Bourgeon Capital Management LLC Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.08 EPS Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) Announces Earnings Results Fiserv Inc (FISV) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS Mercer Capital Advisers Inc. Buys 48 Shares of OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Shares Bought by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Shares Bought by Bourgeon Capital Management LLC Mercer Capital Advisers Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in SJW Group (SJW) Bourgeon Capital Management LLC Acquires 23,773 Shares of Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Has $11.467 Million Stake in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Hillcrest Asset Management LLC April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hillcrest Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM) by 8.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 500,859 shares of the construction company’s stock after buying an additional 37,333 shares during the period. Ply Gem Holdings accounts for about 1.8% of Hillcrest Asset Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 29th largest position. Hillcrest Asset Management LLC owned approximately 0.73% of Ply Gem Holdings worth $9,867,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY increased its stake in shares of Ply Gem Holdings by 34.4% in the third quarter. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY now owns 1,135,500 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $15,170,000 after buying an additional 290,700 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings by 4.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,588 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 393 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings by 6.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 196,425 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $2,624,000 after buying an additional 12,574 shares during the last quarter. Zebra Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings by 76.7% in the fourth quarter. Zebra Capital Management LLC now owns 70,927 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $1,153,000 after buying an additional 30,781 shares during the last quarter. Finally, James Investment Research Inc. bought a new position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings during the first quarter worth approximately $2,143,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM) traded down 0.51% on Thursday, reaching $19.65. The company had a trading volume of 71,898 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $18.99 and its 200 day moving average is $16.65. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.34 billion, a PE ratio of 17.86 and a beta of 2.56. Ply Gem Holdings Inc has a 12 month low of $12.85 and a 12 month high of $20.00. Ply Gem Holdings (NYSE:PGEM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, March 10th. The construction company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.01. Ply Gem Holdings had a net margin of 4.14% and a negative return on equity of 147.73%. The business had revenue of $462.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $441.81 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.14 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Ply Gem Holdings Inc will post $1.25 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Hillcrest Asset Management LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/ply-gem-holdings-inc-pgem-shares-bought-by-hillcrest-asset-management-llc.html. PGEM has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. TheStreet upgraded Ply Gem Holdings from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Zelman & Associates upgraded Ply Gem Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and set a $22.00 price objective on shares of Ply Gem Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Stephens downgraded Ply Gem Holdings from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Ply Gem Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.30. Ply Gem Holdings Company Profile Ply Gem Holdings, Inc is a manufacturer of exterior building products in North America. The Company operates through two segments: Siding, Fencing, and Stone, and Windows and Doors. In the Siding, Fencing, and Stone segment, its principal products include vinyl siding and skirting, vinyl and aluminum soffit, aluminum trim coil, cellular PVC trim and moldings, J-channels, wide crown molding, window and door trim, F-channels, H-molds, fascia, undersill trims, outside/inside corner posts, rain removal systems, injection molded designer accents, such as shakes, shingles, scallops, shutters, vents and mounts, vinyl fence, vinyl railing and stone veneer in the United States and Canada. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PGEM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM). Receive News & Ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan Warns of 'High Uncertainty' as Topix Turns Best in Asia by Min Jeong Lee @leeminjeong83 More stories by Min Jeong Lee , Yuko Takeo @grey_whistle More stories by Yuko Takeo , and Livia Yap More stories by Livia Yap April 27, 2017, 11:00 AM EDT April 28, 2017, 2:17 AM EDT Markets are too calm, JPMorgan Asset Management’s Shigemi says Shigemi sees 9% decline in Topix by August or September Rogers Is Bullish on Japanese Equities A strategist at a $1.8 trillion investment firm is scratching his head after Japanese stocks went from worst to best performers in Asia in the space of two weeks. It’s complacency, says Yoshinori Shigemi, a global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management Ltd. in Tokyo. Traders are seeing positives where the best that can be said is that something bad hasn’t happened -- like in North Korea -- and are glossing over high valuations in the U.S. and the risk President Donald Trump won’t deliver on his economic pledges soon, he said. He says the Topix index may fall about 9 percent by August or September. After five weeks of losses, the benchmark stock gauge posted its best two-week gain since November. The index, which declined 0.3 percent on Friday, climbed at least 1 percent in four of the previous five days, as the first round of the French presidential election passed without shock, spurring outflows from havens such as the Japanese currency. As a measure of trader fear in Japan hovers near lows not seen since 2014, Shigemi says the calm is making him uneasy. “We see high uncertainty,” he says. “We cannot be so optimistic.” Shigemi says Trump’s plan to slash the corporate tax rate to 15 percent, one reason why U.S. equities climbed to records after his election, will take much longer to implement than many people expect. Trump’s top economic adviser Gary Cohn unveiled earlier this week what officials called the “biggest tax cut” in U.S. history, while leaving unanswered questions about whether the move would be paid for, or how. He sees warning signs in the VIX index, the U.S. fear gauge, which is currently trading at the lowest in almost three years despite elevated valuations in U.S. equities. The S&P 500 Index is valued at 18.5 times estimated earnings, above its five-year average. It’s a similar situation in Japan, where the Nikkei Stock Average Volatility Index stood at 14.69 at Thursday’s close, near a March level of 14.58 that was the lowest since July 2014. Investors “are aware that valuations are high, but even so they are taking a lot more risk,” he says. U.S. Spending Toru Ibayashi, head of wealth management research at UBS Group AG in Tokyo, is closely watching slowing U.S. auto sales, which he sees as a sign of a slowdown in consumer spending. Car sales trailed estimates in March as demand plunged for sedan and compact models. Ibayashi expects that to hurt the Topix, which he says won’t renew this year’s high anytime soon. “We believe the U.S. economy is solid, but it’s not accelerating very strongly,” Ibayashi said. People are betting Trump policy will weaken the yen and boost corporate earnings in Japan, he said. “I don’t buy that story.” The yen has seen three stages since Trump’s election. It weakened from around 103 per dollar in early November to about 118 in mid-December on optimism that the U.S. president’s policies would spur growth. Then it gained to about 108 earlier this month, as the Trump trade receded and the Federal Reserve signaled a gradual path on raising interest rates. Since then, it’s weakened to around 111. All this has an impact on Japanese earnings, especially for the nation’s giant exporters. As full-year reporting season kicks off in Tokyo for companies with March year-ends, Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co. still sees 14 percent growth in ordinary profit at Topix companies excluding financials this fiscal year. Ibayashi, however, says profit growth will probably be closer to 2 percent. Low Valuations Not everyone is as pessimistic. “I think Japanese shares are still relatively cheap,” says Ichiro Yamada, a general manager of equities at Fukoku Mutual Life Insurance Co. in Tokyo. The Topix traded at 13.9 times estimated earnings at its last close, compared with 15.9 times for a measure of European shares. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up John Vail, the chief global strategist at Nikko Asset Management Co., agrees that valuations are “quite low.” He forecasts that the Topix will rise about 10 percent by year-end. “Less fear of economic turmoil related to the French election improves both corporate profit prospects and investor confidence in general,” he said, noting that improvement in corporate governance at Japanese companies is another cause for optimism. But his upbeat outlook also hinges, to some degree, on geopolitical risks remaining contained. North Korea refrained from carrying out a nuclear test when it celebrated the birth date of its founder Kim Il Sung earlier this month, instead unsuccessfully launching a ballistic missile. “The North Korea story remains a threat,” Shigemi said. “Considering all these risks, it doesn’t feel like we’re in for a big upswing but rather, it’s time to be wary about what’ll come at you tomorrow.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Where to Invest $10,000 Right Now Most Read Fyre Festival, the Coachella for the Super Rich, Ends in Disaster New Yorkers Flock to Booming Sun Belt as Trek South Resumes Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person You’re Never Going to Get $10,000 for Your United Airlines Seat U.S. Economy Grew 0.7% in First Quarter, Slowest in Three Years Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AK Steel Holding Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Sets New 12-Month Low After Analyst Downgrade AK Steel Holding Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (AKS) Cimarex Energy Co to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.86 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts (XEC) Clarus Securities Comments on LoneStar West Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (LSI) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Blue Buffalo Pet Products Inc (BUFF) Decreased by Analyst Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for HSN, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HSNI) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Boston Scientific Co. Lifted by Analyst (BSX) Cree, Inc. (CREE) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Hits New 1-Year High After Earnings Beat Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Shares Sold by Advisor Partners LLC Navient Corp (NAVI) Shares Bought by Coconut Grove Bank Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $6.894 Million Stake in Visteon Corp (VC) Advisor Partners LLC Takes Position in AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $3.539 Million Position in Emcor Group Inc (EME) InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) Position Lowered by Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Shares Bought by Coconut Grove Bank Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Purchases 451 Shares of Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Quadrant Capital Management LLC Acquires 800 Shares of Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) AK Steel Holding Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (AKS) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet AK Steel Holding Co. (NYSE:AKS) was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Monday. Stock traders purchased 17,272 call options on the company. This is an increase of 113% compared to the average volume of 8,091 call options. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price target on shares of AK Steel Holding from $9.00 to $11.50 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of AK Steel Holding from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $8.39 to $11.00 in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Citigroup Inc downgraded shares of AK Steel Holding from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $8.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Vetr downgraded shares of AK Steel Holding from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $8.95 price target on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of AK Steel Holding from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $8.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating, four have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. AK Steel Holding presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $7.91. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its stake in AK Steel Holding by 1.7% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 58,938 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $285,000 after buying an additional 1,010 shares in the last quarter. Boston Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in AK Steel Holding during the third quarter valued at about $2,808,000. Chicago Equity Partners LLC purchased a new stake in AK Steel Holding during the third quarter valued at about $2,582,000. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. boosted its stake in AK Steel Holding by 13.0% in the third quarter. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. now owns 3,478,107 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $16,799,000 after buying an additional 400,357 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rothschild Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in AK Steel Holding during the third quarter valued at about $13,695,000. 62.21% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of AK Steel Holding (NYSE:AKS) opened at 6.34 on Friday. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $7.16 and a 200-day moving average of $8.04. AK Steel Holding has a 12 month low of $3.31 and a 12 month high of $11.39. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.00 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.48 and a beta of 2.60. AK Steel Holding (NYSE:AKS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.04. AK Steel Holding had a negative net margin of 0.13% and a negative return on equity of 47.34%. The company had revenue of $1.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.49 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned ($0.08) EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that AK Steel Holding will post $0.66 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/ak-steel-holding-sees-unusually-large-options-volume-aks.html. About AK Steel Holding AK Steel Holding Corporation is a producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steels, and tubular products through its subsidiary, AK Steel Corporation (AK Steel). The Company also operates blast furnaces and electric arc furnaces. As of December 31, 2016, its operations included eight steelmaking and finishing plants, two coke plants and two tube manufacturing plants across states, including Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia, and a tube manufacturing plant in Mexico. Receive News & Ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cognex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cognex Co. (CGNX) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS National Bankshares Inc. (NKSH) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Announces Earnings Results Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Posts Earnings Results Analysts Set Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Price Target at $11.75 Brokerages Set WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Target Price at $9.80 Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Receives $19.04 Average Target Price from Analysts Supervalu Inc. (SVU) Receives $5.33 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Receives $27.00 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Atwood & Palmer Inc. Has $618,000 Stake in Tesoro Co. (TSO) Horizon Global Corp (HZN) Shares Bought by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Has $30.424 Million Position in BHP Billiton Limited (BHP) Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Decreases Position in Royal Gold, Inc (RGLD) Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Decreases Position in Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) American Campus Communities, Inc. (ACC) Shares Sold by Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Has $13.025 Million Stake in BWX Technologies Inc (BWXT) Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Has $16.871 Million Position in SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) RTI Surgical Inc (RTIX) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Moog Inc (MOG.A) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Cognex Co. (CGNX) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX) will issue its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 1st. Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.13. Cognex had a return on equity of 13.67% and a net margin of 26.59%. The firm earned $129.32 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $116.93 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.22 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 32.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect Cognex to post $1.99 EPS for the current fiscal year and $2.34 EPS for the next fiscal year. Shares of Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX) traded down 0.49% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $85.34. The company had a trading volume of 765,840 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 49.70 and a beta of 1.33. Cognex Co. has a 52-week low of $35.15 and a 52-week high of $86.88. The company’s 50-day moving average is $82.16 and its 200 day moving average is $68.22. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cognex Co. (CGNX) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/cognex-co-cgnx-scheduled-to-post-quarterly-earnings-on-monday.html. CGNX has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Cognex from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Cognex in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 price objective on the stock. Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 price objective (up previously from $61.00) on shares of Cognex in a report on Friday, February 17th. TheStreet downgraded shares of Cognex from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Summit Redstone restated a “buy” rating on shares of Cognex in a report on Thursday, March 30th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. Cognex has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $59.61. In other Cognex news, Director Patrick Alias sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $77.85, for a total value of $389,250.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at $389,250. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CEO Robert Willett sold 50,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.69, for a total transaction of $4,034,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 50,000 shares in the company, valued at $4,034,500. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 105,000 shares of company stock worth $8,311,250. Company insiders own 6.40% of the company’s stock. Cognex Company Profile Cognex Corporation (Cognex) is a provider of machine vision products that capture and analyze visual information in order to automate tasks, primarily in manufacturing processes, where vision is required. The Company operates through the machine vision technology segment. The Company’s machine vision products are used to automate the manufacture and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, aspirin bottles and automobile tires, by locating, identifying, inspecting and measuring them during the manufacturing or distribution process. Receive News & Ratings for Cognex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NTT Docomo Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NTT Docomo Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS KINNEVIK AB SER'B'NPV (KNVKF) Issues Earnings Results Intelsat SA (I) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.16 EPS Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Has $4.466 Million Position in Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Cuts Position in Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Chemed Co. (CHE) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Raises Position in Cemex SAB de CV (CX) Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Has $234,000 Stake in Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Has $330,000 Stake in Enerplus Corp (ERF) Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Maintains Stake in Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Stake Held by Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Greenleaf Trust Buys 116,170 Shares of Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Greenleaf Trust Takes Position in Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL) 5,083 Shares in The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Acquired by Greenleaf Trust Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) Position Lowered by Oxbow Advisors LLC Oxbow Advisors LLC Decreases Position in Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Oxbow Advisors LLC Takes Position in Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (BKD) Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) Stake Cut by Oxbow Advisors LLC NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet NTT Docomo Inc (NYSE:DCM) released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday. The technology company reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $9.81 billion for the quarter. NTT Docomo had a return on equity of 12.22% and a net margin of 14.11%. Shares of NTT Docomo (NYSE:DCM) traded up 2.02% on Friday, reaching $24.22. 327,188 shares of the company were exchanged. NTT Docomo has a 12-month low of $21.96 and a 12-month high of $28.43. The firm has a market capitalization of $89.73 billion, a PE ratio of 15.44 and a beta of 0.18. The company’s 50 day moving average is $23.83 and its 200 day moving average is $23.67. Several research firms have recently weighed in on DCM. Cantor Fitzgerald lowered shares of NTT Docomo from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of NTT Docomo from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of NTT Docomo from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $27.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/ntt-docomo-inc-dcm-releases-earnings-results-misses-expectations-by-0-05-eps.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in DCM. Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in shares of NTT Docomo by 42.3% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 4,724 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 1,405 shares during the last quarter. Creative Planning raised its stake in shares of NTT Docomo by 1.4% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 8,215 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $192,000 after buying an additional 112 shares during the last quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of NTT Docomo by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. now owns 9,830 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $224,000 after buying an additional 259 shares during the last quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC raised its stake in shares of NTT Docomo by 3.8% in the third quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 15,576 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $396,000 after buying an additional 567 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Parallel Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of NTT Docomo during the fourth quarter valued at about $369,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 0.51% of the company’s stock. NTT Docomo Company Profile NTT DOCOMO, INC. (DOCOMO) is a mobile telecommunications carrier. The Company operates through three segments: telecommunications business, smart life business and other businesses. The telecommunications business segment includes mobile phone services (long-term evolution (LTE) (Xi) services and freedom of mobile multimedia access (FOMA) services), optical-fiber broadband service, satellite mobile communications services, international services and equipment sales related to these services. Receive News & Ratings for NTT Docomo Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NTT Docomo Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Windstream Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.34 Per Share Rubric Capital Management LP Buys New Stake in Constellium NV (CSTM) MDC Partners Inc (MDCA) Shares Bought by Rubric Capital Management LP Rubric Capital Management LP Has $17.52 Million Position in GMS Inc (GMS) Tufton Capital Management Has $356,000 Position in MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Tufton Capital Management Sells 413 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Tufton Capital Management Has $1.067 Million Position in Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) Tufton Capital Management Lowers Position in Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Super Micro Computer, Inc. (SMCI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Zacks: Analysts Set $32.00 Target Price for County Bancorp Inc (ICBK) Davita Inc (DVA) Receives $69.50 Average PT from Brokerages Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Receives $39.00 Average Price Target from Brokerages VWR Corp (VWR) Stake Maintained by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Earns Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Buy Rating for Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc (BW) Stake Increased by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Stake Decreased by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Position Cut by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT) is Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc.’s 2nd Largest Position Toro Co (TTC) Shares Sold by BB&T Corp Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.34 Per Share April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) to post earnings of ($0.34) per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Three analysts have provided estimates for Windstream Holdings’ earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at ($0.39) and the highest estimate coming in at ($0.28). Windstream Holdings posted earnings per share of ($0.23) during the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year-over-year growth rate of 47.8%. The business is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report before the market opens on Thursday, May 4th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Windstream Holdings will report full year earnings of ($1.41) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($1.59) to ($1.22). For the next year, analysts forecast that the company will report earnings of ($1.36) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($1.47) to ($1.21). Zacks Investment Research’s EPS averages are a mean average based on a survey of analysts that that provide coverage for Windstream Holdings. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($0.94) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.63) by $0.31. The company earned $1.31 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.34 billion. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 8.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.41 earnings per share. WIN has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Citigroup Inc reduced their target price on Windstream Holdings from $8.50 to $7.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, March 20th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $4.50 target price on shares of Windstream Holdings in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG reduced their target price on Windstream Holdings from $8.50 to $7.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Windstream Holdings in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $7.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Windstream Holdings from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $7.21. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Creative Planning raised its position in Windstream Holdings by 4.0% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 10,269 shares of the company’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 397 shares during the period. Northpointe Capital LLC bought a new position in Windstream Holdings during the third quarter valued at approximately $345,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in Windstream Holdings by 21.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 125,855 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,265,000 after buying an additional 22,558 shares during the period. Isthmus Partners LLC raised its position in Windstream Holdings by 1.7% in the third quarter. Isthmus Partners LLC now owns 99,881 shares of the company’s stock valued at $835,000 after buying an additional 1,682 shares during the period. Finally, Aperio Group LLC raised its position in Windstream Holdings by 21.6% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 18,685 shares of the company’s stock valued at $188,000 after buying an additional 3,321 shares during the period. Shares of Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) traded down 1.95% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $5.52. The company had a trading volume of 2,526,636 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $5.72 and its 200-day moving average is $7.14. Windstream Holdings has a 52-week low of $5.16 and a 52-week high of $10.45. The stock’s market cap is $537.03 million. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st were given a $0.15 dividend. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 10.87%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/zacks-brokerages-anticipate-windstream-holdings-inc-win-will-announce-earnings-of-0-34-per-share.html. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Windstream Holdings (WIN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
MCD elections results | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Fri, Apr 28 2017. 08 21 PM IST US clocks 0.7% GDP growth rate in 2016, the slowest pace in three years US GDP growth rose at a 0.7% annualized rate after advancing 2.1% in the prior quarter, commerce department data showed Subscribe to our newsletter. Shobhana Chandra US GDP growth rose at a 0.7% annualized rate after advancing 2.1% in the prior quarter, commerce department data showed Friday in Washington. Photo: Richard Drew/AP Washington: The US economy expanded at the slowest pace in three years as weak auto sales and lower home-heating bills dragged down consumer spending, offsetting a pickup in investment led by housing and oil drilling. Gross domestic product, the value of all goods and services produced, rose at a 0.7% annualized rate after advancing 2.1% in the prior quarter, commerce department data showed Friday in Washington. The median forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg called for a 1% gain. Consumer spending, the biggest part of the economy, rose 0.3%, the worst performance since 2009. The GDP slowdown owes partly to transitory forces such as warm weather and volatility in inventories, which supports forecasts for a rebound as high confidence among companies and consumers and a solid job market underpin growth. Even so, the weakness at car dealers could weigh on expansion, and further gains in business investment could depend on the extent of policy support such as tax cuts. ALSO READ: Donald Trump’s shady tariffs will hurt US more than China “There’s reason to think that some of the things that were weak in the first quarter should reverse in the second quarter, in particular consumption and inventories,” Michael Feroli, chief US economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said before the report. “Labour income is starting to pick up and actually keeping consumer spending pretty well supported.” The data are unlikely to dissuade Federal Reserve policy makers from raising interest rates in the coming months. Economists were largely expecting a weak growth figure, calling it a blip and not a sign of stagnation. Analysts have pointed to issues with the commerce department’s seasonal adjustment of growth data: Since 2000, expansion in the first quarter of each year has averaged 1%, compared with 2.2% for the rest of each year, according to Wells Fargo Securities. Trump’s target Though the first-quarter figure isn’t a verdict on President Donald Trump’s policies, economists are generally skeptical that growth will reach his goal of 3% to 4% on a sustained basis. Analysts’ estimates indicate just 2.2% to 2.3 annual growth through 2019, a tad above the average pace during the almost eight-year expansion. During the first quarter, a chief driver of growth was private, fixed non-residential investment, which contributed 1.12%age point to expansion, led by a record increase in mining exploration, shafts and wells, a category that includes oil structures. Residential investment added 0.5 point to growth. The change in inventories, one of the most volatile parts of the GDP calculation, subtracted 0.93 percentage point from growth, following a 1.01% gain. Trade, also volatile from quarter to quarter, contributed 0.07 point after a 1.82 point drag in the previous period. Economists’ forecasts for overall growth ranged from zero to 2.2%. The GDP estimate is the first of three for the quarter, with the other releases scheduled for May and June when more information becomes available. The 0.3% growth in household consumption, which accounts for about 70% of the economy, followed a 3.5% jump from October to December. The median forecast in the Bloomberg survey called for 0.9%, and purchases added 0.23 percentage point to first-quarter growth. While some of the slowdown may be temporary, inflation is eating into consumers’ wallets. Real disposable personal income rose at a 1% pace in the period, the weakest since the fourth quarter of 2013. Even though hiring has been humming along and the jobless rate of 4.5% is the lowest in almost a decade, a sustained pickup in wage growth would help boost consumers’ ability to spend. Business investment Non-residential fixed investment, or spending on equipment, structures and intellectual property, increased at a 9.4% annualized pace, the fastest since 2013. It grew at a 0.9% rate in the previous quarter. Among the details, equipment spending advanced 9.1%, a two-year high, while investment in non-residential structures, including office buildings and factories, surged 22.1% after dropping 1.9% in the prior quarter. Residential spending increased at a 13.7% annualized rate, the most since the second quarter of 2015, compared with the prior quarter’s advance of 9.6%. Trade added slightly to growth, as exports increased by more than imports during the quarter. Final sales to private domestic purchasers—which strip out government agencies, inventories and trade—rose at a 2.2% pace after a 3.4% advance. Government spending fared worse, decreasing 1.7% and taking away 0.3 percentage point from growth. State and local outlays fell at a 1.6% annualized rate, while spending by federal agencies dropped at a 1.9% pace. The report also showed price pressures were picking up. The GDP price index rose 2.3% in the first quarter. A measure of inflation tied to consumer spending and excluding volatile food and energy costs was up 2%, the fastest in four quarters.Bloomberg Shobhana Chandra Topics: US US GDP growth GDP growth rate Donald Trump US economy More From Livemint READ MORE SpaceX to launch classified US spy satellite NROL-76 on Sunday Arun Jaitley calls for expeditious use of penalising power by ED Madras HC declines to stay Trai’s tariff order First Published: Fri, Apr 28 2017. 08 21 PM IST Editor's Picks RBI’s Viral Acharya calls for reprivatization of nationalized banks Tata-Docomo case: Delhi HC rejects RBI plea, clears $1.17 billion arbitration award Examining the China-North Korea oil arrangement and how it may not last Latest News Arun Jaitley calls for expeditious use of penalising power by ED Madras HC declines to stay Trai’s tariff order Sebi proposes to allow hedge funds in commodity derivatives 8-9 lakh registered firms on PMO radar for not filing tax returns: Hasmukh Adhia Arvind Kejriwal admits mistakes in MCD polls, says will introspect, course correct Mint On Sunday It’s a big deal: Poker gets into a league of its own The ruminations of Vimal Das, Dalit and Hindu priest It's time to reform the RTE Act Desperately seeking Amitabh Bachchan Letter from… a purge Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Credit Suisse Group AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tiger Pacific Capital LP Invests $15.908 Million in 58.com Inc (WUBA) Cottage Street Advisors LLC Sells 2,250 Shares of Core Laboratories (CLB) Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Lowers Stake in Sanofi SA (SNY) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday Vocera Communications Inc (VCRA) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Announces Earnings Results Atlassian Co. PLC (TEAM) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Moog Inc (MOG.A) Issues Earnings Results Phillips 66 Partners LP (PSXP) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS Fair Isaac (FICO) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.29 John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.25 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Stock Price Nuveen Select Tax-Free Incom Portfolio 3 (NXR) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.27 Man Group Plc (MNGPY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Patheon NV (PTHN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.16 Per Share Facebook Inc (FB) Receives $159.61 Average Target Price from Analysts Rockwell Automation (ROK) Receives $136.55 Average Price Target from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Expect Service Co. International (SCI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.31 Per Share Insider Selling: Centene Corp (CNC) Director Sells 4,167 Shares of Stock Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Announces Earnings Results April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday. The financial services provider reported $0.31 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $5.51 billion for the quarter. Credit Suisse Group AG had a negative return on equity of 4.12% and a negative net margin of 27.07%. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) traded down 0.65% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $15.26. The company had a trading volume of 4,272,069 shares. Credit Suisse Group AG has a 52-week low of $10.01 and a 52-week high of $16.17. The company’s market capitalization is $31.89 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average is $14.86 and its 200-day moving average is $14.69. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on CS shares. Morgan Stanley raised Credit Suisse Group AG from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Barclays PLC raised Credit Suisse Group AG from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised Credit Suisse Group AG from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $16.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/credit-suisse-group-ag-cs-announces-earnings-results.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in CS. united american securities inc. d b a uas asset management purchased a new stake in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the third quarter valued at approximately $131,000. Edge Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the first quarter valued at approximately $149,000. Hennessy Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the first quarter valued at approximately $148,000. Greenleaf Trust purchased a new stake in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the first quarter valued at approximately $151,000. Finally, Roundview Capital LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $149,000. Institutional investors own 2.25% of the company’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG Company Profile Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) is a financial services company. The Company’s segments include Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management, Asia Pacific, Global Markets, Investment Banking & Capital Markets, Strategic Resolution Unit and Corporate Center. It offers a range of private banking and wealth management solutions to its clients in its Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management and Asia Pacific divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ford Motor Company (F) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Lundin Mining Co. (LUNMF) Releases Earnings Results Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd (CHT) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc. (SCHN) Announces $0.19 Quarterly Dividend J C Penney Company (JCP) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Share Price BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Forecasted to Post FY2019 Earnings of $1.40 Per Share Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact NxStage Medical (NXTM) Stock Price TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.19 Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Netflix, Inc.’s FY2019 Earnings (NFLX) FY2019 EPS Estimates for Stryker Co. (SYK) Lowered by Jefferies Group FY2019 Earnings Forecast for Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Issued By Jefferies Group Cimpress NV to Post FY2019 Earnings of $3.00 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (CMPR) B. Riley Comments on Malibu Boats Inc’s Q3 2019 Earnings (MBUU) Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) to Sell Cameco Corp (CCJ) Stock Price Down 8.7% After Earnings Miss Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Canon Inc (CAJ) HealthInvest Partners AB Maintains Stake in GNC Holdings Inc (GNC) AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) issued an update on its FY17 earnings guidance on Thursday morning. The company provided earnings per share guidance of $6.40-6.65 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus earnings per share estimate of $6.43. AFLAC also updated its Q2 guidance to $1.55-1.70 EPS. Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) traded down 0.23% on Friday, hitting $74.88. The stock had a trading volume of 2,299,000 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $72.88 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.00. AFLAC Incorporated has a 52 week low of $66.50 and a 52 week high of $76.88. The company has a market cap of $30.06 billion, a PE ratio of 11.66 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $1.67 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.62 by $0.05. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. The company earned $5.31 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.40 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.74 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.44 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 24th will be given a $0.43 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 22nd. This represents a $1.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.30%. AFLAC’s payout ratio is 26.75%. AFL has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an underperform rating and issued a $62.00 price objective (down from $65.00) on shares of AFLAC in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised AFLAC from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and raised their price objective for the company from $71.71 to $75.00 in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Zacks Investment Research cut AFLAC from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised AFLAC from a market perform rating to an outperform rating and set a $80.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Citigroup Inc began coverage on AFLAC in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a neutral rating and a $73.00 price target for the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. AFLAC currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $73.38. In other news, insider Audrey B. Tillman sold 900 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.96, for a total value of $64,764.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 31,185 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,244,072.60. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Karole Lloyd purchased 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The stock was acquired at an average price of $68.42 per share, for a total transaction of $136,840.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 4,441 shares in the company, valued at approximately $303,853.22. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 52,630 shares of company stock worth $3,760,333. Corporate insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/aflac-incorporated-afl-releases-fy17-earnings-guidance.html. AFLAC Company Profile Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Given a $300.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) Given New $92.00 Price Target at Cowen and Company Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Downgraded to Neutral at Credit Suisse Group AG CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.08 EPS Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (GPI) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results LeMaitre Vascular Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 (LMAT) Dana Inc Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 (DAN) Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Marcus Corp (MCS) Share Price Owens Corning (OC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows 15,000 Shares in Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Acquired by Selway Asset Management NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan Holds Stake in Innoviva Inc (INVA) NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan Continues to Hold Position in Kaman Co. (KAMN) WealthTrust Axiom LLC Reduces Position in SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Stake Held by NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan WealthTrust Axiom LLC Sells 100,000 Shares of AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan Maintains Position in Stifel Financial Corp (SF) Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Position Raised by Pegasus Partners Ltd. Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Downgraded to Market Perform at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Flagstar Bancorp Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (FBC) Q1 2018 Earnings Estimate for Capital City Bank Group, Inc. Issued By FIG Partners (CCBG) Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Downgraded to Neutral at Credit Suisse Group AG April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report published on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has $13.00 target price on the software maker’s stock, down from their previous target price of $45.00. SNCR has been the subject of several other reports. Stifel Nicolaus cut their price target on Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a hold rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated an outperform rating and issued a $35.00 price target (down from $43.00) on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research note on Sunday, April 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Synchronoss Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued an overweight rating and a $65.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Synchronoss Technologies from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG cut Synchronoss Technologies from a buy rating to a hold rating and cut their price target for the company from $50.00 to $35.00 in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $32.00. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) traded up 20.39% during trading on Thursday, reaching $16.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 15,799,671 shares. The stock has a market cap of $703.73 million, a P/E ratio of 35.56 and a beta of 2.28. Synchronoss Technologies has a 52-week low of $11.15 and a 52-week high of $49.94. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $24.50 and its 200-day moving average is $35.25. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The software maker reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. The company earned $147.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $149.11 million. Synchronoss Technologies had a net margin of 3.38% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 6.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.61 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.55 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Downgraded to Neutral at Credit Suisse Group AG” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/synchronoss-technologies-inc-sncr-downgraded-to-neutral-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. In other Synchronoss Technologies news, CFO Karen Rosenberger sold 2,162 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.00, for a total transaction of $84,318.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 40,707 shares in the company, valued at $1,587,573. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Robert Garcia sold 1,695 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.66, for a total transaction of $43,493.70. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 77,312 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,983,825.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 26,015 shares of company stock valued at $887,994. Company insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in SNCR. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 6.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 901,973 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $34,545,000 after buying an additional 57,560 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 10.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,925,438 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $120,470,000 after buying an additional 275,479 shares in the last quarter. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. increased its position in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 14.6% in the third quarter. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. now owns 359,469 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $14,803,000 after buying an additional 45,884 shares in the last quarter. Bayesian Capital Management LP purchased a new position in shares of Synchronoss Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $548,000. Finally, Trent Capital Management Inc. NC purchased a new position in shares of Synchronoss Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,545,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 84.24% of the company’s stock. About Synchronoss Technologies Synchronoss Technologies, Inc is a global software and services company, which provides technologies and services for the mobile transformation of business. The Company’s portfolio in the Consumer and Enterprise markets contains offerings, such as personal cloud, secure-mobility, identity management and scalable messaging platforms, products and solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Releases Earnings Results Banco Bradesco S.A. (BBDO) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Barnes Group Inc. (B) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.11 EPS Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Takes Position in Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Welch & Forbes LLC Increases Position in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC Sells 118,875 Shares of NetScout Systems, Inc. (NTCT) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Takes Position in LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Raises Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC Cuts Stake in Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (GPI) Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Stake Held by Welch & Forbes LLC Welch & Forbes LLC Lowers Stake in M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC Has $18.086 Million Position in Actuant Co. (ATU) Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC Takes Position in Knoll Inc (KNL) Southwest Bancorp, Inc. (OKSB) Shares Sold by Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC Empire State Realty Trust Inc (ESRT) Position Maintained by Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC Welch & Forbes LLC Purchases 2,632 Shares of Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Cintas Co. (CTAS) Position Boosted by Welch & Forbes LLC Destination XL Group Inc (DXLG) Shares Sold by Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Releases Earnings Results April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) posted its earnings results on Thursday. The financial services provider reported $1.67 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.62 by $0.05. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. The business had revenue of $5.31 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.40 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.74 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.6% compared to the same quarter last year. AFLAC updated its Q2 guidance to $1.55-1.70 EPS and its FY17 guidance to $6.40-6.65 EPS. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) traded down 0.23% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $74.88. 2,299,000 shares of the company traded hands. AFLAC has a 52-week low of $66.50 and a 52-week high of $76.88. The company has a market capitalization of $30.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.66 and a beta of 1.01. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $72.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.00. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 24th will be issued a $0.43 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 22nd. This represents a $1.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.30%. AFLAC’s dividend payout ratio is presently 26.75%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/aflac-incorporated-afl-releases-earnings-results.html. A number of research firms have recently commented on AFL. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on shares of AFLAC from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $82.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Vetr raised shares of AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.50 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued an “underperform” rating and set a $62.00 target price (down from $65.00) on shares of AFLAC in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG boosted their target price on shares of AFLAC from $70.00 to $72.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. AFLAC presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $73.38. In related news, insider Charles D. Lake II sold 8,693 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.85, for a total value of $615,899.05. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 28,756 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,037,362.60. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Karole Lloyd bought 2,000 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $68.42 per share, with a total value of $136,840.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 4,441 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $303,853.22. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 52,630 shares of company stock valued at $3,760,333. 3.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of AFL. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board boosted its position in shares of AFLAC by 550.0% in the first quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 53,277 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $3,858,000 after buying an additional 45,081 shares during the period. Verity & Verity LLC boosted its position in shares of AFLAC by 12.2% in the first quarter. Verity & Verity LLC now owns 30,855 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,235,000 after buying an additional 3,345 shares during the period. Beaumont Financial Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of AFLAC during the first quarter valued at approximately $612,000. Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI boosted its position in shares of AFLAC by 1.0% in the first quarter. Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI now owns 31,719 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,297,000 after buying an additional 309 shares during the period. Finally, Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD boosted its position in shares of AFLAC by 8.4% in the first quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD now owns 34,562 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,502,000 after buying an additional 2,675 shares during the period. 62.45% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. AFLAC Company Profile Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Domtar Corp (UFS) Potash Co. of Saskatchewan Inc (POT) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank O2Micro International Limited (OIIM) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.05 Per Share Texas Pacific Land Trust (TPL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.14 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Expect Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) to Announce $0.34 EPS AquaVenture Holdings Ltd (WAAS) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.17 Per Share Total SA (TOT) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS Jefferies Group Comments on Gannett Co Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (GCI) Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) Forecasted to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS Jefferies Group Weighs in on Northern Trust Co.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (NTRS) Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Increased to GBX 140.80 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Just Eat PLC (JE) Given New GBX 780 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Gaming Realms PLC (GMR) Price Target Cut to GBX 30 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Morses Club PLC (MCL) Price Target Raised to GBX 149 at Numis Securities Ltd Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Dart Group PLC (DTG) Receives Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note released on Thursday morning. According to Zacks, “PRUDENTIAL PLC provides retail financial products and services and fund management to many millions of customers worldwide. Their commitment to the shareholders who own Prudential is to maximise the value over time of their investment. They do this by investing for the long term to develop and bring out the best in their people and their businesses to produce superior products and services, and hence superior financial returns. Their aim is to deliver top quartile performance among their international peer group in terms of total shareholder returns. “ A number of other research analysts have also commented on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of Prudential Public Limited Company in a report on Thursday, April 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Prudential Public Limited Company from an underweight rating to a neutral rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Societe Generale upgraded Prudential Public Limited Company from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Prudential Public Limited Company has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $43.20. Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) traded down 1.09% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $44.39. 197,415 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $57.05 billion, a PE ratio of 23.14 and a beta of 1.68. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $42.35 and its 200 day moving average price is $39.30. Prudential Public Limited Company has a 12-month low of $29.14 and a 12-month high of $44.93. WARNING: “Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/prudential-public-limited-company-puk-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.744 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 3.5%. This is a positive change from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 52.0% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,496,593 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $105,755,000 after buying an additional 853,651 shares during the last quarter. Greenleaf Trust purchased a new position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company during the first quarter worth approximately $318,000. BB&T Corp raised its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 10.0% in the first quarter. BB&T Corp now owns 23,843 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,010,000 after buying an additional 2,176 shares during the last quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 0.4% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 17,789 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $753,000 after buying an additional 63 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. purchased a new position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company during the first quarter worth approximately $1,620,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 1.46% of the company’s stock. Prudential Public Limited Company Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Cloudera IPO Prices Above Range, Jumps 22% By Paul Ausick April 28, 2017 1:25 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Cloudera Inc. (NYSE: CLDR), a provider of a Hadoop-based big data processing platform, fired off its initial public offering (IPO) Friday morning. The company priced the 15 million-share offering at $15 a share on Wednesday, above the expected range of $12 to $14. Shares traded as much as 29% above the IPO price, at $19.31 per share, in early morning trading. Underwriters for the IPO were Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, Allen, Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank Securities, Stifel, JMP Securities and Raymond James. The underwriters have 30-day option to purchase an additional 2.25 million shares. The company raised $225 million, and there are now over 130 million shares of Cloudera outstanding. Even at the top of its trading price this morning, however, Cloudera was trading at a discount of more than 30% to the per-share price that Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) paid for a stake in the company back in 2014. Intel held nearly 25 million shares prior to the IPO, for which the company paid some $766 million. At the IPO price, Intel’s stake is valued at around $375 million; at $20 a share, Intel’s stake is worth about $500 million. From a one-time valuation of around $4.1 billion to around $2.3 billion, Cloudera may not seem like a good bet. After all, Intel is taking a big haircut on its earlier investment. But the chipmaking giant indicated that it may acquire 10% of the shares in today’s IPO. Intel’s reasoning is driven by its desire to get Cloudera’s IPO out the door at a reasonable price in order to begin selling a long-term story that competes with IBM and its Watson platform. Intel is working with Cloudera to optimize silicon for big data analytics. No matter how fast a program runs on commodity processors, customized silicon will be lots faster. With big-data platforms like Cloudera, that could be the difference that wins in what has become a crowded market for analytics programs. On the financial side, the above-range IPO sets the table for a secondary offering within 12 months, especially if Cloudera can continue to build (or at least not slice) the share price. That could help Intel recover some of the haircut it took, a neat trick when you think about it. Cloudera’s stock traded at $18.10, up about 21%, as Friday’s noon hour ticked to an end. Over 10 million shares had changed hands since the stock went out this morning. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why a Weak GDP Report Matters to Bulls & Bears Alike What Analysts Are Saying About Twitter After Earnings » Read more: Technology, IPOs and Secondaries, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The Best Counties to Live In America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets The Richest Countries in the World 26 National Monuments President Trump Wants to Shut Down Recent Verizon, J.C. Penney Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Intel, Verizon Sink DJIA on Friday What Analysts Are Saying About Twitter After Earnings Cloudera IPO Prices Above Range, Jumps 22% Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search A Billion-Dollar Business in Making the Richest 1% Even Richer Alphabet Rides Advertising Strength to New Highs Leucadia Turns Things Around on Jefferies Recovery Nasdaq Composite finishes April up 2.3% S&P 500 index logs 0.9% April gain Dow industrials rises 1.3% for month of April Top Research Reports for Today: CMCSA, MDT, FDX 3 Key Predictions for Facebook's Q1 Earnings Report Videogame Stock Roundup: SOHU, CYOU, MSFT Earnings, Nintendo Toys Now in Mc Donald's Happy Meals Wall Street slips on weak GDP data, but indexes rise in April In first 100 days, a reversal of fortune for Trump favorites on Wall Street U.S. first quarter growth weakest in three years as consumer spending falters Wall Street Slips on Weak GDP Data, But Indexes Rise in April Amazon's Moves Beyond Retail Get Wall Street Thumbs up, For Now BlackRock's Fink Voices Concerns With Trump Tax Plan Coke Lawyer Has Disgusting Explanation Why Mouse Couldn’t Be In Soda Can Watch Out, Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop Is Becoming A Magazine There's Fiber Added To Coke's Latest Diet Drink, Coca-Cola Plus. Yes, Fiber. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GlaxoSmithKline plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Dart Group PLC (DTG) Receives Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 90 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Iberdrola SA (IBE) Given a €7.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Given Outperform Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,900 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Agnico Eagle Mines’ (AEM) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Eiger Biopharmaceuticals (EIGR) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Griffon (GFF) Stock Price Wesbanco Bank Inc. Has $4.296 Million Stake in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) SCANA Co. (SCG) Shares Bought by Hennessy Advisors Inc. UGI Corp (UGI) Shares Sold by Hennessy Advisors Inc. Tidewater Inc. (TDW) Stake Cut by Eidelman Virant Capital Eidelman Virant Capital Has $576,000 Position in First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Eidelman Virant Capital Buys Shares of 45,579 Omega Protein Co. (OME) Whittier Trust Co. Boosts Position in The Medicines Company (MDCO) Fluidigm Co. (FLDM) Short Interest Update Traders Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ) Blackline Inc (BL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $37.31 Million GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,900 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 1,900 ($24.29) price objective on GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research firms also recently issued reports on GSK. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price objective on GlaxoSmithKline plc from GBX 1,800 ($23.01) to GBX 1,600 ($20.46) and set a neutral rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Shore Capital reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a report on Friday, January 6th. Bryan, Garnier & Co reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 1,850 ($23.65) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a report on Monday, January 9th. BNP Paribas reaffirmed an underperform rating and set a GBX 1,520 ($19.43) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on GlaxoSmithKline plc from GBX 1,700 ($21.73) to GBX 1,750 ($22.37) and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, January 16th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 1,740.64 ($22.25). Shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK) traded down 0.55% during trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 1550.00. The company had a trading volume of 10,615,813 shares. GlaxoSmithKline plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,363.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,745.56. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,642.99 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,591.43. The stock’s market cap is GBX 75.44 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,900 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/glaxosmithkline-plc-gsk-given-a-gbx-1900-price-target-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 13th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of GBX 19 ($0.24) per share. This represents a yield of 1.21%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. In other news, insider Moncef Slaoui bought 56 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 2,072 ($26.49) per share, for a total transaction of £1,160.32 ($1,483.41). Also, insider Emma Walmsley bought 83 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 1,647 ($21.06) per share, with a total value of £1,367.01 ($1,747.65). In the last quarter, insiders have acquired 718 shares of company stock valued at $1,173,224 and have sold 52,038 shares valued at $84,442,106. About GlaxoSmithKline plc GlaxoSmithKline plc is a global healthcare company. The Company operates through three segments: Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare. The Company focuses on its research across six areas: Respiratory diseases, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/infectious diseases, Vaccines, Immuno-inflammation, Oncology and Rare diseases. Receive News & Ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Iberdrola SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Iberdrola SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Dart Group PLC (DTG) Receives Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 90 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Iberdrola SA (IBE) Given a €7.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Given Outperform Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,900 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Agnico Eagle Mines’ (AEM) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Eiger Biopharmaceuticals (EIGR) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Griffon (GFF) Stock Price Wesbanco Bank Inc. Has $4.296 Million Stake in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) SCANA Co. (SCG) Shares Bought by Hennessy Advisors Inc. UGI Corp (UGI) Shares Sold by Hennessy Advisors Inc. Tidewater Inc. (TDW) Stake Cut by Eidelman Virant Capital Eidelman Virant Capital Has $576,000 Position in First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Eidelman Virant Capital Buys Shares of 45,579 Omega Protein Co. (OME) Whittier Trust Co. Boosts Position in The Medicines Company (MDCO) Fluidigm Co. (FLDM) Short Interest Update Traders Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ) Blackline Inc (BL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $37.31 Million Iberdrola SA (IBE) Given a €7.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €7.45 ($8.10) price target on Iberdrola SA (MCE:IBE) in a research report released on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also issued reports on IBE. Deutsche Bank AG set a €7.30 ($7.93) target price on shares of Iberdrola SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Morgan Stanley set a €7.30 ($7.93) target price on shares of Iberdrola SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Credit Suisse Group AG set a €7.00 ($7.61) target price on shares of Iberdrola SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €6.50 ($7.07) target price on shares of Iberdrola SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €7.00 ($7.61) target price on shares of Iberdrola SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of €6.88 ($7.48). TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/iberdrola-sa-ibe-given-a-7-45-price-target-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts.html. Iberdrola SA Company Profile IBERDROLA, SA is engaged in carrying out electricity and gas activities in Spain and abroad. The Company’s segments include Network business, Deregulated business, Renewable business and Other businesses. The Company’s Network business segment includes all the energy transmission and distribution activities, and any other regulated activity originated in Spain, the United Kingdom, the United States and Brazil. Receive News & Ratings for Iberdrola SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Iberdrola SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exxon Mobil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Receives “Hold” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Price Target Raised to $48.00 Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets Calpine Co. (CPN) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets TheStreet Upgrades Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHB) to B KeyCorp Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Panera Bread Co (PNRA) FBR & Co Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Whittier Trust Co. Sells 10,916 Shares of Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Synchrony Financial (SYF) Position Increased by Whittier Trust Co. First Merchants Corp Has $917,000 Stake in Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Whittier Trust Co. Holds Position in ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) PulteGroup (PHM) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) Shares Sold by KAMES CAPITAL plc Whittier Trust Co. Has $2.16 Million Stake in Graco Inc. (GGG) First Merchants Corp Continues to Hold Stake in National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Fortress Transprtn and Infr Investrs LLC (FTAI) Position Boosted by Whittier Trust Co. Eagle Materials (EXP) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.08 Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Shares Bought by AMF Pensionsforsakring AB AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Has $46.574 Million Position in Bank of Montreal (BMO) DISH Network Corp (DISH) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Given Hold Rating at BMO Capital Markets April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a note issued to investors on Friday. They presently have a $76.00 price objective on the oil and gas company’s stock. BMO Capital Markets’ price objective would indicate a potential downside of 6.92% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other analysts also recently commented on XOM. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $94.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Vetr raised Exxon Mobil from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Wells Fargo & Co downgraded Exxon Mobil from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Jefferies Group LLC set a $92.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a $75.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. Exxon Mobil currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.57. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) traded up 0.48% on Friday, reaching $81.65. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 11,898,953 shares. Exxon Mobil has a 52-week low of $80.30 and a 52-week high of $95.55. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $81.86 and a 200 day moving average price of $84.96. The firm has a market capitalization of $338.56 billion, a P/E ratio of 43.50 and a beta of 0.91. Exxon Mobil also saw unusually large options trading on Friday. Traders bought 6,136 call options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 178% compared to the typical daily volume of 2,210 call options. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 28th. The oil and gas company reported $0.95 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.85 by $0.10. Exxon Mobil had a return on equity of 5.56% and a net margin of 3.47%. The company had revenue of $63.29 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $64.88 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.43 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 29.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Exxon Mobil will post $3.88 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a dividend of $0.77 per share. This represents a $3.08 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.77%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This is an increase from Exxon Mobil’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.75. Exxon Mobil’s dividend payout ratio is 159.58%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/exxon-mobil-co-xom-given-hold-rating-at-bmo-capital-markets.html. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Brookstone Capital Management increased its stake in Exxon Mobil by 11.0% in the first quarter. Brookstone Capital Management now owns 32,533 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $2,668,000 after buying an additional 3,220 shares during the period. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board increased its stake in Exxon Mobil by 2.4% in the first quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 467,515 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $38,341,000 after buying an additional 11,000 shares during the period. Adams Natural Resources Fund Inc. increased its stake in Exxon Mobil by 3.2% in the first quarter. Adams Natural Resources Fund Inc. now owns 1,454,530 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $119,286,000 after buying an additional 45,100 shares during the period. Greenleaf Trust increased its stake in Exxon Mobil by 17.1% in the first quarter. Greenleaf Trust now owns 28,311 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $2,322,000 after buying an additional 4,144 shares during the period. Finally, Arrow Financial Corp increased its stake in Exxon Mobil by 1.7% in the first quarter. Arrow Financial Corp now owns 74,409 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $6,102,000 after buying an additional 1,210 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 51.09% of the company’s stock. Exxon Mobil Company Profile Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MEDNAX Inc (MD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) Downgraded to C+ at TheStreet Iteris Inc (ITI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $21.5 Million Severn Bancorp, Inc. (SVBI) Announces Earnings Results Teradyne, Inc. (TER) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Stake Reduced by KAMES CAPITAL plc KAMES CAPITAL plc Invests $1.583 Million in Celestica Inc (CLS) iAB Financial Bank Buys 8,275 Shares of Mylan (MYL) Consolidated Investment Group LLC Invests $1.246 Million in Prologis Inc (PLD) KAMES CAPITAL plc Purchases New Position in Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) James R. Sappington Sells 13,912 Shares of McDonald's Co. (MCD) Stock Insider Selling: Canfor Co. (CFP) Director Sells 4,500 Shares of Stock Two Rivers Bancorp (TRCB) to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.26 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts Kraton Corp (KRA) Insider Sells $981,397.12 in Stock Oracle Co. (ORCL) CEO Safra Catz Sells 103,520 Shares Motif Bio plc – (MTFB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given “Buy” Rating at HSBC Holdings plc McDermott International’s (MDR) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Rockwell Automation’s (ROK) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Rush Enterprises (RUSHA) Share Price MEDNAX Inc (MD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report published on Thursday morning. According to Zacks, “Mednax, Inc., formerly Pediatrix Medical Group, Inc. is a healthcare services company that focuses on physician services for newborn, maternal-fetal, pediatric subspecialty and anesthesia care. The company ,through its subsidiaries, provides these services in the United States and Puerto Rico. In addition, MEDNAX engages in clinical research, monitoring clinical outcomes, and implementing clinical initiatives. “ MD has been the subject of several other research reports. Jefferies Group LLC restated a hold rating and set a $63.00 target price on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a $69.00 target price on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Robert W. Baird cut MEDNAX from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and set a $72.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $68.29. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) traded down 1.07% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $60.36. 1,495,544 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. MEDNAX has a 52-week low of $59.36 and a 52-week high of $76.96. The stock has a market cap of $5.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.30 and a beta of 0.67. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $67.59 and its 200-day moving average price is $67.08. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $831 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $842.15 million. MEDNAX had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 10.21%. MEDNAX’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.13 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that MEDNAX will post $4.12 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “MEDNAX Inc (MD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/mednax-inc-md-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. In other MEDNAX news, Director Enrique Sosa sold 10,668 shares of MEDNAX stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.65, for a total transaction of $743,026.20. Following the transaction, the director now owns 21,923 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,526,936.95. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Director Md Pascal J. Goldschmidt sold 25,294 shares of MEDNAX stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.82, for a total value of $1,715,439.08. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 14,173 shares in the company, valued at approximately $961,212.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 86,296 shares of company stock worth $5,959,391. 2.40% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cooke & Bieler LP raised its position in MEDNAX by 18.8% in the third quarter. Cooke & Bieler LP now owns 651,336 shares of the company’s stock valued at $43,151,000 after buying an additional 103,101 shares during the period. Tower Bridge Advisors raised its position in MEDNAX by 0.9% in the third quarter. Tower Bridge Advisors now owns 38,980 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,582,000 after buying an additional 355 shares during the period. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. raised its position in MEDNAX by 8.8% in the third quarter. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. now owns 654,685 shares of the company’s stock valued at $43,373,000 after buying an additional 53,066 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its position in MEDNAX by 4.0% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 211,937 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,072,000 after buying an additional 8,086 shares during the period. Finally, Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its position in MEDNAX by 2.0% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 13,483 shares of the company’s stock valued at $893,000 after buying an additional 270 shares during the period. 99.16% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About MEDNAX MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on MEDNAX (MD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News General Dynamics Co. (GD) Price Target Increased to $220.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada General Dynamics Co. (GD) Given New $200.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Oritani Financial Corp. (ORIT) Declares $0.18 Dividend Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC (KWE) Announces GBX 12 Dividend FY2017 EPS Estimates for ManpowerGroup Inc. Increased by Analyst (MAN) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Penn National Gaming, Inc Raised by Analyst (PENN) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Neuroderm Ltd (NDRM) Lowered by Analyst FY2017 EPS Estimates for Stryker Co. Decreased by Analyst (SYK) Leavell Investment Management Inc. Has $423,000 Stake in Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (WDR) Leavell Investment Management Inc. Has $373,000 Stake in Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL) CDK Global Inc (CDK) Shares Sold by Leavell Investment Management Inc. Leavell Investment Management Inc. Purchases 800 Shares of Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Leavell Investment Management Inc. Maintains Position in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Boosts Stake in El Paso Electric Company (EE) 6,978 Shares in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Acquired by First Midwest Bank Trust Division First Midwest Bank Trust Division Raises Position in Anixter International Inc. (AXE) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Has $888,000 Position in Cardtronics PLC (CATM) Imprimis Pharmaceuticals (IMMY) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.35 First Midwest Bank Trust Division Cuts Stake in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) IFP Advisors Inc Buys 645 Shares of Centurylink Inc (CTL) Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC (KWE) Announces GBX 12 Dividend April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC (LON:KWE) announced a dividend on Friday, April 28th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a dividend of GBX 12 ($0.15) per share on Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a yield of 1.15%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. The official announcement can be accessed at this link. Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC (LON:KWE) traded down 2.26% during midday trading on Friday, reaching GBX 1039.00. 1,423,285 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.31 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 11.45 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 11.74. Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 877.50 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,139.00. A number of brokerages have commented on KWE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their target price on shares of Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC from GBX 1,325 ($16.94) to GBX 1,300 ($16.62) and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating on shares of Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC in a research note on Monday, February 27th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC (KWE) Announces GBX 12 Dividend” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/kennedy-wilson-europe-real-estate-plc-kwe-announces-gbx-12-dividend.html. About Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate Plc is a property company that invests in real estate across the United Kingdom, Ireland, Spain and Italy. The Company operates through six business segments: office real estate, includes property which is primarily used by commercial tenants; retail real estate, includes property comprising primarily high street retail or shopping centers, together with leisure assets; industrial real estate, property for the purpose of manufacturing and distribution; residential real estate; loans secured by real estate, and hotels, includes ownership and management of hotels; Fairmont St Andrews Hotel (United Kingdom) and Portmarnock Hotel (Ireland). Receive News & Ratings for Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schroders plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schroders plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News IDACORP Inc (IDA) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.56 Per Share $0.43 EPS Expected for Halyard Health Inc (HYH) This Quarter WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) Receives Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Merit Medical Systems’ (MMSI) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Shire PLC (SHP) Given “Conviction-Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Standard Life Plc’s (SL) Sector Performer Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Petropavlovsk PLC (POG) Receives speculative buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Schroders plc (SDR) Receives “Hold” Rating from Shore Capital $1.53 Earnings Per Share Expected for International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) Will Post Earnings of $0.30 Per Share Market Vectors ETF Trust (PRB) Director Basil Anthony Haymann Acquires 17,945 Shares of Stock Enterprise Bancorp, Inc (EBTC) EVP Steven R. Larochelle Sells 1,000 Shares of Stock LendingClub Corp (LC) COO Sameer Gulati Sells 5,857 Shares Xencor Inc (XNCR) Insider Edgardo Baracchini, Jr. Sells 904 Shares of Stock Western Gas Partners, LP (WES) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €22.00 Price Target at equinet AG Synthomer PLC’s (SYNT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Downgraded to “Hold” at Peel Hunt Watchstone Group PLC (WTG) Price Target Cut to GBX 223 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Given a GBX 1,000 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Schroders plc (SDR) Receives “Hold” Rating from Shore Capital April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Schroders plc (LON:SDR) in a research report released on Thursday morning. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on Schroders plc from GBX 3,345 ($42.76) to GBX 3,450 ($44.11) and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. BNP Paribas reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 2,900 ($37.07) target price on shares of Schroders plc in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Royal Bank of Canada downgraded Schroders plc to a sector performer rating and lowered their target price for the company from GBX 3,400 ($43.47) to GBX 3,300 ($42.19) in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their target price on Schroders plc from GBX 3,350 ($42.83) to GBX 3,600 ($46.02) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed an equal weight rating on shares of Schroders plc in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 3,088 ($39.48). Shares of Schroders plc (LON:SDR) traded down 0.56% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 3187.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 407,810 shares. Schroders plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,960.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 3,209.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 8.77 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 3,110.83 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 2,978.42. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/schroders-plc-sdr-receives-hold-rating-from-shore-capital.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 4th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 30th will be issued a dividend of GBX 64 ($0.82) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 2.1%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. This is a boost from Schroders plc’s previous dividend of $29.00. In other news, insider Philip Mallinckrodt acquired 1,524,051 shares of Schroders plc stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 3,137 ($40.10) per share, for a total transaction of £47,809,479.87 ($61,121,810.11). Also, insider Rakhi Goss-Custard acquired 669 shares of Schroders plc stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 6th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 3,061 ($39.13) per share, with a total value of £20,478.09 ($26,180.12). In the last 90 days, insiders have bought 1,544,707 shares of company stock valued at $4,828,471,709. Schroders plc Company Profile Schroders plc (Schroders) is the parent company of an international asset management and private banking group. Schroders operates three business segments: Asset Management, Private Banking and Group. Asset Management includes three divisions: Investment, which consists of its portfolio management, research and dealing functions across a product range covering equities, fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives; Distribution, which employs people globally, specialising in sales, client service, marketing, product development and product management, and serving institutional and intermediary sales channels, and Infrastructure, which employs people in the information technology, operations, finance, risk management, human resources, legal, compliance and internal audit. Receive News & Ratings for Schroders plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schroders plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shire PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News IDACORP Inc (IDA) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.56 Per Share $0.43 EPS Expected for Halyard Health Inc (HYH) This Quarter WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) Receives Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Merit Medical Systems’ (MMSI) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Shire PLC (SHP) Given “Conviction-Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Standard Life Plc’s (SL) Sector Performer Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Petropavlovsk PLC (POG) Receives speculative buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Schroders plc (SDR) Receives “Hold” Rating from Shore Capital $1.53 Earnings Per Share Expected for International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) Will Post Earnings of $0.30 Per Share Market Vectors ETF Trust (PRB) Director Basil Anthony Haymann Acquires 17,945 Shares of Stock Enterprise Bancorp, Inc (EBTC) EVP Steven R. Larochelle Sells 1,000 Shares of Stock LendingClub Corp (LC) COO Sameer Gulati Sells 5,857 Shares Xencor Inc (XNCR) Insider Edgardo Baracchini, Jr. Sells 904 Shares of Stock Western Gas Partners, LP (WES) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €22.00 Price Target at equinet AG Synthomer PLC’s (SYNT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Downgraded to “Hold” at Peel Hunt Watchstone Group PLC (WTG) Price Target Cut to GBX 223 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Given a GBX 1,000 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Shire PLC (SHP) Given “Conviction-Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued their conviction-buy rating on shares of Shire PLC (LON:SHP) in a research note released on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 6,800 ($86.93) price objective on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. A number of other brokerages have also recently commented on SHP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 6,000 ($76.71) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Berenberg Bank lifted their target price on shares of Shire PLC from GBX 5,800 ($74.15) to GBX 5,900 ($75.43) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Liberum Capital reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 5,500 ($70.31) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 6,600 ($84.38) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 6,115.60 ($78.18). Shares of Shire PLC (LON:SHP) traded down 1.42% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 4537.00. 1,584,497 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s market cap is GBX 40.96 billion. Shire PLC has a one year low of GBX 2,707.19 and a one year high of GBX 5,377.00. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 4,663.24 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 4,692.33. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/shire-plc-shp-given-conviction-buy-rating-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 9th were given a dividend of GBX 20.64 ($0.26) per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a dividend yield of 0.43%. This is a boost from Shire PLC’s previous dividend of $3.51. In related news, insider William Burns purchased 136 shares of Shire PLC stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 4,742 ($60.62) per share, for a total transaction of £6,449.12 ($8,244.85). About Shire PLC Shire plc is a biotech company focused on serving people with rare diseases and other specialized conditions. The Company’s segment is engaged in research, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of specialist medicines. It focuses its development resources on projects in various therapeutic areas (TAs), including Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, Hematology, Oncology, Immunology, Gastrointestinal (GI)/Metabolic/Endocrinology Diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Shire PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Discover: WealthManagement.com More Menu Log In or Register Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire National Real Estate Investor Magazine WealthManagement.com About Us Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Service Search Log In Register Recent Recent 10 Must Reads for the Commercial Real Estate Industry (April 28, 2017) Apr 28, 2017 A Guide to the New NREIonline.com Apr 27, 2017 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (April 27, 2017) Apr 27, 2017 10 Must Reads for the Commercial Real Estate Industry (April 26, 2017) Apr 26, 2017 How Sustainability Helps in Enhancing Property Values Apr 25, 2017 Featured Part 1: A Clean Outlook Apr 10, 2017 Part 2: The City or the Burbs? Apr 10, 2017 Part 3: Development and Leasing Outlook Apr 10, 2017 2017 Top Office Owners Apr 10, 2017 NREI WIRE brought to you by Finance & Investment Trump Era Brings Rare Drop in Loans at America's Regional Banks Many regional lenders began to break out their exposure to retailers and the underlying real estate that supports it after investors and analysts voiced concerns about credit quality. Bloomberg | Apr 28, 2017 Bloomberg) — For regional banks across the U.S., the “Trump bump” hasn’t yet translated into business. Bank stocks have climbed since Donald Trump was elected president as investors bet his pro-growth agenda and rising interest rates would help lenders generate huge profits. But this month, executives at some of the country’s largest regional banks said customers, especially corporations and small businesses, are instead waiting for details on the new administration’s proposals and results before seeking financing for expansion. Total loans at the 15 largest U.S. regional banks declined by about $10 billion to $1.73 trillion in the first quarter, compared with the previous three-month period, the first such drop in four years, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. All but two of those banks missed analysts’ estimates for total loans, as a slump in commercial and industrial lending sapped growth. “The optimism and the willingness is there, but it has not yet translated into actions or behaviors,” Beth Mooney, chief executive officer of KeyCorp, said of the Cleveland-based bank’s small and middle-market business clients. “We did not see ‘flip the switch’ sort of behavior that led to loan demand or making different capital decisions or investment decisions.” Their view from Main Street contrasts with Wall Street, where global investment banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co., Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc. and Morgan Stanley announced jumps in earnings from fixed-income trading units that help big investors speculate on bonds, currencies and commodities. The irony is that some types of businesses broadly criticized during the presidential campaign are now profiting most. The last of the 15 largest regional banks reported quarterly results Wednesday. Some said other developments also weighed on lending. They cited instances of clients turning directly to investors for financing, tapping into their optimism for growth under Trump. And many traditional retailers are struggling in the internet era. Within commercial lending, big corporations have been reticent to take out new loans, instead tapping capital markets for their needs, said Terry Dolan, chief financial officer at Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, the nation’s largest regional bank. “We saw a number of our bigger customers go to the bond markets and issue debt and take out credit, so that was a factor” weighing on loan growth in the first quarter, said Citizens Financial Group Inc. CEO  Bruce Van Saun, whose firm is based in Providence, Rhode Island. “The nice corollary to that is that our capital-markets fees are exploding.” Manufacturers in the rust belt are drawing unprecedented inquiries from buyers overseas, said Stephen Steinour, CEO of Huntington Bancshares Inc., Ohio’s third-largest lender. Still, he said, “there’s an expectation that there’s going to be policy changes and those policy changes might have ramifications, so there’s a little bit of a wait and see going on here.” Many regional lenders began to break out their exposure to retailers and the underlying real estate that supports it after investors and analysts voiced concerns about credit quality. The pace of store closings this year is already ahead of 2008, the most recent peak, according to an analysis by Credit Suisse Group AG. “Retail is an industry that’s going through a secular change” as more people shop online, said Darren King, M&T Bank Corp.’s CFO. “How far it will go, and how fast it will go, and what the knock-on effects are remain to be seen.”   To contact the reporter on this story: Jenny Surane in New York at [email protected] To contact the editors responsible for this story: Peter Eichenbaum at [email protected] David Scheer, Steven Crabill  © 2017 Bloomberg L.P 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related CRE Industry Cheers Trump’s Proposal to Cut Corporate Tax Rate, But Wants More DetailsApr 27, 2017 Kushners Are Partners With One of Israel's Wealthiest FamiliesApr 27, 2017 Icahn Seeks More Property Tax Refunds on Atlantic City PropertiesApr 27, 2017 Forest City Would Attract Numerous Bidders, Activist Litt SaysApr 26, 2017 Load More Next Article About Us Contact Advertise Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chartered PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Western Gas Partners, LP (WES) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €22.00 Price Target at equinet AG Synthomer PLC’s (SYNT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Downgraded to “Hold” at Peel Hunt Watchstone Group PLC (WTG) Price Target Cut to GBX 223 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Given a GBX 1,000 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Wolfe Research Reiterates “Peer Perform” Rating for WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) TLA Worldwide Plc’s (TLA) “Under Review” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT) Shares Bought by Financial Architects Inc Financial Architects Inc Has $305,000 Position in Blackstone Group LP (BX) Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Position Lowered by IFP Advisors Inc Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Maintains Position in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP) Camden Property Trust (CPT) Shares Sold by Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Financial Architects Inc Has $136,000 Stake in Sociedad Quimica y Minera de Chile (SQM) HCP, Inc. (HCP) Shares Bought by IFP Advisors Inc MRC Global Inc (MRC) Stake Increased by Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Increases Stake in Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Has $5,038,000 Position in Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.16 Per Share Triumph Group Inc (TGI) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.04 Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Given a GBX 1,000 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 1,000 ($12.78) price target on Standard Chartered PLC (LON:STAN) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the financial services provider’s stock. STAN has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Standard Chartered PLC to a buy rating and set a GBX 900 ($11.51) price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Standard Chartered PLC to a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price objective on shares of Standard Chartered PLC from GBX 600 ($7.67) to GBX 620 ($7.93) and gave the company a sell rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Citigroup Inc decreased their price objective on shares of Standard Chartered PLC from GBX 900 ($11.51) to GBX 890 ($11.38) and set a buy rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an underperform rating and set a GBX 570 ($7.29) price objective on shares of Standard Chartered PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 679.12 ($8.68). Shares of Standard Chartered PLC (LON:STAN) traded down 2.71% on Thursday, reaching GBX 721.20. 71,365,983 shares of the company traded hands. Standard Chartered PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 471.34 and a 1-year high of GBX 821.60. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 23.64 billion. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 731.53 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 708.71. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Given a GBX 1,000 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/standard-chartered-plc-stan-given-a-gbx-1000-price-target-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts.html. In related news, insider Andrew Nigel (Andy) Halford sold 6,155 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 727 ($9.29), for a total transaction of £44,746.85 ($57,206.41). About Standard Chartered PLC Standard Chartered PLC is an international banking company. The Banks’s segments include Corporate & Institutional Banking, Retail Banking, Commercial Banking and Private Banking. Its Corporate & Institutional Banking segment allows companies and financial institutions to operate and trade globally, and its Private Banking segment supports high net worth individuals with their banking needs across borders and offers access to global investment opportunities. Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chartered PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gap Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gap Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Raytheon Company (RTN) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance GlobalSCAPE, Inc. (GSB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Lowered to “C” at TheStreet Vale SA (VALE) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Receives Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus LaPolla Industries, Inc. (LPAD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Computer Services, Inc. (CSVI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wedbush Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Gap’s (GPS) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Wolfe Research $38.53 Million in Sales Expected for Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) This Quarter Boston Scientific Co. (BSX) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC Customers Bancorp Inc (CUBI) Receives “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Bio-Rad Laboratories’ (BIO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Now Covered by Analysts at MKM Partners Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Baxter International Inc (BAX) Given New $58.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Upgraded to “Buy” at Jefferies Group LLC Banco Santander Brasil SA (BSBR) Upgraded by Deutsche Bank AG to Hold Gap’s (GPS) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Wolfe Research April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Gap Inc (NYSE:GPS)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reissued by stock analysts at Wolfe Research in a research report issued on Friday. They presently have a $32.00 price target on the apparel retailer’s stock. Wolfe Research’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 21.44% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on the company. TheStreet upgraded Gap from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Vetr lowered Gap from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $24.84 target price on the stock. in a report on Thursday, April 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Gap from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their target price for the company from $21.00 to $24.00 in a report on Thursday, April 20th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating and issued a $30.00 target price on shares of Gap in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “hold” rating and issued a $26.00 target price on shares of Gap in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-five have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $25.12. Shares of Gap (NYSE:GPS) traded down 0.72% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $26.16. The company had a trading volume of 2,649,234 shares. The company has a market cap of $10.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.48 and a beta of 0.99. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $24.17 and its 200 day moving average price is $24.85. Gap has a 52-week low of $17.00 and a 52-week high of $30.74. Gap (NYSE:GPS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The apparel retailer reported $0.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.51. Gap had a return on equity of 32.19% and a net margin of 4.33%. The business had revenue of $4.43 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.39 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.57 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Gap will post $1.99 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, April 5th were paid a dividend of $0.23 per share. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.49%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, April 3rd. Gap’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 55.09%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Gap’s (GPS) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Wolfe Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/gaps-gps-outperform-rating-reaffirmed-at-wolfe-research.html. In other news, insider Andi Owen sold 38,278 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.97, for a total value of $917,523.66. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 30,778 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $737,748.66. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Robert J. Fisher sold 500,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.58, for a total value of $12,290,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 8,867,728 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $217,968,754.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 30.00% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ raised its stake in Gap by 16,151.9% in the third quarter. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ now owns 3,798,070 shares of the apparel retailer’s stock worth $84,469,000 after buying an additional 3,774,700 shares during the period. Credit Agricole S A raised its stake in Gap by 314.1% in the fourth quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 2,357,418 shares of the apparel retailer’s stock worth $52,899,000 after buying an additional 1,788,122 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley raised its stake in Gap by 459.2% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 1,898,797 shares of the apparel retailer’s stock worth $42,229,000 after buying an additional 1,559,268 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new stake in Gap during the fourth quarter worth $33,632,000. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP raised its stake in Gap by 135.0% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 1,940,725 shares of the apparel retailer’s stock worth $43,162,000 after buying an additional 1,114,714 shares during the period. 57.87% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Gap The Gap, Inc (Gap Inc) is an apparel retail company. The Company offers apparel, accessories and personal care products for men, women and children under the Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Athleta and Intermix brands. Its products are available to customers online through Company-owned Websites and through the use of third-parties that provide logistics and fulfillment services. Receive News & Ratings for Gap Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gap Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synthomer PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synthomer PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Western Gas Partners, LP (WES) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €22.00 Price Target at equinet AG Synthomer PLC’s (SYNT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Downgraded to “Hold” at Peel Hunt Watchstone Group PLC (WTG) Price Target Cut to GBX 223 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Given a GBX 1,000 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Wolfe Research Reiterates “Peer Perform” Rating for WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) TLA Worldwide Plc’s (TLA) “Under Review” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT) Shares Bought by Financial Architects Inc Financial Architects Inc Has $305,000 Position in Blackstone Group LP (BX) Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Position Lowered by IFP Advisors Inc Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Maintains Position in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP) Camden Property Trust (CPT) Shares Sold by Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Financial Architects Inc Has $136,000 Stake in Sociedad Quimica y Minera de Chile (SQM) HCP, Inc. (HCP) Shares Bought by IFP Advisors Inc MRC Global Inc (MRC) Stake Increased by Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Increases Stake in Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Has $5,038,000 Position in Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.16 Per Share Triumph Group Inc (TGI) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.04 Synthomer PLC’s (SYNT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Numis Securities Ltd restated their hold rating on shares of Synthomer PLC (LON:SYNT) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 460 ($5.88) price target on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Berenberg Bank raised Synthomer PLC to a buy rating and increased their price target for the stock from GBX 375 ($4.79) to GBX 505 ($6.46) in a research report on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 368 ($4.70) price target on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and set a GBX 495 ($6.33) price target (up previously from GBX 400 ($5.11)) on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 450 ($5.75) price target on shares of Synthomer PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Peel Hunt increased their price target on Synthomer PLC from GBX 440 ($5.63) to GBX 500 ($6.39) and gave the stock an add rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 453.42 ($5.80). Synthomer PLC (LON:SYNT) traded down 0.08% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 494.60. The stock had a trading volume of 1,269,912 shares. Synthomer PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 300.30 and a 52 week high of GBX 500.50. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 475.45 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 413.05. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.68 billion. WARNING: “Synthomer PLC’s (SYNT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/synthomer-plcs-synt-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-numis-securities-ltd.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a GBX 7.80 ($0.10) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.75%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 8th. This is an increase from Synthomer PLC’s previous dividend of $3.50. About Synthomer PLC Synthomer Plc is a specialty chemical company. The Company supplies aqueous polymers in various markets, including paper, carpet and foam, construction and coating, functional polymers, health and protection, specialties and other. It operates in segments, including Europe and North America and Asia and Rest of World. Receive News & Ratings for Synthomer PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synthomer PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BankUnited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BankUnited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2017 EPS Estimates for CIT Group Inc. (CIT) Boosted by Analyst Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $6.97 Per Share Brokers Set Expectations for Hilltop Holdings Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (HTH) BankUnited (BKU) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.41 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts inTEST (INTT) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.08 Nanometrics (NANO) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Raytheon Company (RTN) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance GlobalSCAPE, Inc. (GSB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Lowered to “C” at TheStreet Vale SA (VALE) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Receives Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus LaPolla Industries, Inc. (LPAD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Computer Services, Inc. (CSVI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wedbush Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Gap’s (GPS) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Wolfe Research $38.53 Million in Sales Expected for Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) This Quarter Boston Scientific Co. (BSX) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC Customers Bancorp Inc (CUBI) Receives “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods BankUnited (BKU) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.41 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) – Equities researchers at FIG Partners raised their FY2017 EPS estimates for shares of BankUnited in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. FIG Partners analyst D. Bishop now forecasts that the financial services provider will earn $2.41 per share for the year, up from their prior forecast of $2.37. FIG Partners also issued estimates for BankUnited’s FY2018 earnings at $2.71 EPS. BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $0.57 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.56 by $0.01. BankUnited had a return on equity of 9.72% and a net margin of 19.37%. The company earned $258.74 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $260.46 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.51 earnings per share. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “BankUnited (BKU) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.41 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/bankunited-bku-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-2-41-per-share-fig-partners-forecasts.html. Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on BKU. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of BankUnited from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $42.00 to $39.00 in a research note on Wednesday. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upgraded shares of BankUnited from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $42.00 to $41.00 in a research note on Wednesday. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of BankUnited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Barclays PLC increased their target price on shares of BankUnited from $40.00 to $43.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Hovde Group upgraded shares of BankUnited from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $44.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.38. Shares of BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) traded down 1.15% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $35.34. The stock had a trading volume of 784,758 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $36.64 and a 200-day moving average price of $35.90. The firm has a market cap of $3.76 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.88 and a beta of 1.01. BankUnited has a 1-year low of $27.85 and a 1-year high of $41.00. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th will be paid a dividend of $0.21 per share. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.35%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 11th. BankUnited’s dividend payout ratio is 40.19%. In other BankUnited news, Director Douglas J. Pauls sold 11,200 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.60, for a total transaction of $454,720.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 31,380 shares in the company, valued at $1,274,028. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Chairman John Adam Kanas sold 2,226,258 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.62, for a total transaction of $83,751,825.96. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 3,495,138 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $131,487,091.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 2,240,217 shares of company stock valued at $84,316,474. Corporate insiders own 5.10% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in BKU. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board boosted its position in shares of BankUnited by 82.2% in the first quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 18,400 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $687,000 after buying an additional 8,300 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. boosted its position in shares of BankUnited by 32.1% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 71,006 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,649,000 after buying an additional 17,263 shares in the last quarter. Strs Ohio boosted its position in shares of BankUnited by 119.7% in the first quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 1,140,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $42,533,000 after buying an additional 621,000 shares in the last quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. boosted its position in shares of BankUnited by 383.7% in the first quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. now owns 17,775 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $663,000 after buying an additional 14,100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, ProShare Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of BankUnited by 6.6% in the first quarter. ProShare Advisors LLC now owns 18,570 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $693,000 after buying an additional 1,146 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 96.92% of the company’s stock. BankUnited Company Profile BankUnited, Inc is the bank holding company of BankUnited (the Bank). The bank is a national banking association. As of December 31, 2016, the Bank provided a range of banking services to individual and corporate customers through 94 banking centers located in 15 Florida counties and six banking centers in the New York metropolitan area. Receive News & Ratings for BankUnited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BankUnited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Close Skip to main content The Guardian The Resistance Now newsletter The Resistance Now: Star Wars, 'aliens' and Leonardo DiCaprio join the fight Record heat may hit People’s Climate March; immigration will be a key focus for May Day strikes; Star Wars protesters prepare to greet Trump in New York The Resistance Now on Facebook by Adam Gabbatt Record heat may hit People’s Climate March; immigration will be a key focus for May Day strikes; Star Wars protesters prepare to greet Trump in New York The Resistance Now on Facebook by Adam Gabbatt The Resistance Now: Star Wars, 'aliens' and Leonardo DiCaprio join the fight Friday 28 April 2017 15.47 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Climate march to spoil Trump’s big day It seems the Earth has a sense of irony. “Record-breaking heat” is possible at the People’s Climate March in DC on Saturday, where thousands of people are planning to protest against the president’s climate change policies on his 100th day in office. Trump’s initiatives include, but are not limited to, a 31% cut in the Environmental Protection Agency and potentially leaving the Paris climate agreement. Among those suffering in the heat will be former vice-president Al Gore and, apparently, Leonardo DiCaprio. It is likely to take a titanic effort to change the other Wolf of Wall Street’s mind, however, as Trump has repeatedly said that the inception of climate change had nothing to do with mankind. Only 1,361 more days of this to go! A group of senators, including Resistance regular Bernie Sanders, this week unveiled legislation that aims to transition to 100% clean and renewable energy by 2050. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The White House did not respond to the Guardian’s questions regarding the president’s hue. Photograph: Mike Nelson/EPA The resistance’s next target: big banks Hundreds of thousands of immigrants and their allies will be striking and marching around the country on 1 May. The May Day protests are traditionally led by unions and labor groups, but this year – galvanized by the Trump administration – immigration, racial justice, gender equality and LGBT groups will be playing a big part. Demonstrations will take place in a number of states. Activist groups are launching a “Corporate Backers of Hate Campaign” on the same day, which will see demonstrations at the offices of companies seen to be supporting or benefiting from the Trump presidency. Targets include JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Goldman Sachs. Luke Skywalker v Trump Trump will be met by thousands of Luke Skywalkers, Hans Solos, and, depending on individuals’ tastes, Jar Jar Binkses when he returns to New York City next week. It’s the president’s first trip to his home city since inauguration day but he will be met by protests. Given Trump’s visit comes on 4 May (May the fourth be with you, etc), organizers have called for activists to come clad in Star Wars gear. The president, a noted fan of heavy machinery, will be visiting the USS Intrepid aircraft carrier-cum-museum with the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull. The NYPD says it costs $308,000 a day to protect Trump during his New York jaunts. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Protest Trump, you will. Photograph: Alamy Islamophobia on the rise There has been a 1,035% spike in Islamophobic incidents at US borders during Trump’s first 100 days, according to the Council on American-Islamic relations (Cair). In a press conference on Thursday Cair’s executive director, Nihad Awad, said the group, which he founded in 1994, had “never seen a spike” under any previous administration. A coalition of Muslim organizations is holding a two-day meeting in Washington on 1-2 May when they will lobby elected representatives to take action. What we’re reading • “Trump is the worst thing that could have happened to the planet,” writes climate activist Bill McKibben, but his catastrophic attitude towards the environment has at least forced politicians, and some private enterprises, to step up. • In related news, the Trump administration is considering allowing oil and gas companies to drill off the Atlantic seaboard. The president has ordered his interior department to “review offshore areas potentially rich in fossil fuels that were put out of reach of drilling by Barack Obama’s administration”, according to Oliver Milman. X-files redux On Wednesday the government launched a new hotline for people to report crimes committed by “illegal aliens”. It appears to be another anti-immigrant step by the Trump administration – but the plan was reportedly thwarted when people called the hotline to report UFO sightings. Or sightings of Superman. Or Big Foot. You get the idea. Steven Santos (@stevensantos) If any of you need to report space aliens to our government, please call their hotline: 1-855-48-VOICE. Here are some of their Most Wanted: pic.twitter.com/nWnVYdDdpG April 27, 2017 Topics The Resistance Now newsletter Activism Climate change US politics news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US selected politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video US News › Protest back to top environment climate change wildlife energy pollution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research RPC, Inc. (RES) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Given Hold Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance Sky Plc (SKYAY) Upgraded to Buy at Jefferies Group LLC West Bancorporation, Inc. (WTBA) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Swedbank AB (SWDBY) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Owens Corning (OC) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Given a $63.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets $43.67 Million in Sales Expected for Diversified Restaurant Holdings, Inc (SAUC) This Quarter $26.55 Million in Sales Expected for Leaf Group Ltd (LFGR) This Quarter 450,000 Shares in Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Acquired by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Oakwood Capital Management LLC CA Continues to Hold Stake in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) ARP Americas LLC Buys New Position in Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Boosts Position in Genuine Parts Company (GPC) ARP Americas LLC Has $437,000 Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Kellogg Company (K) Stake Maintained by Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. Catalent Inc (CTLT) Insider Sharon Johnson Sells 9,160 Shares Curis, Inc. (CRIS) Director James R. Mcnab Sells 146,694 Shares Daily Journal Co. (DJCO) Director John Patrick Et Al Guerin Sells 1,500 Shares of Stock Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Given Hold Rating at Stifel Nicolaus April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by stock analysts at Stifel Nicolaus in a report issued on Friday. They currently have a $10.00 target price on the software maker’s stock, down from their previous target price of $32.00. Stifel Nicolaus’ target price suggests a potential downside of 24.76% from the stock’s previous close. SNCR has been the subject of several other reports. Credit Suisse Group AG lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 price target for the company. Wells Fargo & Co lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Thursday. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and decreased their price target for the company from $50.00 to $35.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $37.25. Shares of Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) traded up 16.817% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $15.525. 13,146,072 shares of the stock were exchanged. Synchronoss Technologies has a 52-week low of $11.15 and a 52-week high of $49.94. The firm has a market cap of $682.84 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.500 and a beta of 2.28. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $24.50 and a 200 day moving average price of $35.25. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The software maker reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $147.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $149.11 million. Synchronoss Technologies had a net margin of 3.38% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.61 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.55 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Given Hold Rating at Stifel Nicolaus” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/synchronoss-technologies-inc-sncr-given-hold-rating-at-stifel-nicolaus.html. In other news, insider Robert Garcia sold 5,908 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.00, for a total transaction of $230,412.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 108,520 shares in the company, valued at $4,232,280. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP David Schuette sold 1,081 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.25, for a total transaction of $28,376.25. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 49,093 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,288,691.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 26,015 shares of company stock worth $887,994. Corporate insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its position in Synchronoss Technologies by 4.0% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 4,720 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 180 shares during the period. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its position in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 5.2% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,965 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $152,000 after buying an additional 197 shares during the period. Synovus Financial Corp acquired a new position in shares of Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter valued at $183,000. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc acquired a new position in shares of Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter valued at $206,000. Finally, Atria Investments LLC increased its position in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 39.7% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 9,398 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $229,000 after buying an additional 2,672 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 84.24% of the company’s stock. About Synchronoss Technologies Synchronoss Technologies, Inc is a global software and services company, which provides technologies and services for the mobile transformation of business. The Company’s portfolio in the Consumer and Enterprise markets contains offerings, such as personal cloud, secure-mobility, identity management and scalable messaging platforms, products and solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Boston Scientific Co. (BSX) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC Customers Bancorp Inc (CUBI) Receives “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Bio-Rad Laboratories’ (BIO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Now Covered by Analysts at MKM Partners Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Baxter International Inc (BAX) Given New $58.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Upgraded to “Buy” at Jefferies Group LLC Banco Santander Brasil SA (BSBR) Upgraded by Deutsche Bank AG to Hold Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Asset Advisors Corp Raises Stake in Dover Corp (DOV) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Increases Position in Unilever NV (UN) Cott Co. (COT) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in Magna International Inc. (MGA) Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Position Raised by Russell Investments Group Ltd. 5,799 Shares in Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Acquired by ARP Americas LLC Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases 1,076,763 Shares of Williams Companies Inc (WMB) ARP Americas LLC Has $232,000 Stake in Greif, Inc. (GEF) ARP Americas LLC Reduces Position in CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) ARP Americas LLC Reduces Stake in VMware, Inc. (VMW) ARP Americas LLC Purchases New Position in Ameren Corp (AEE) China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Upgraded to “Buy” at Jefferies Group LLC April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (NYSE:CHU) from an underperform rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Thursday. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on CHU. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Monday. Macquarie began coverage on shares of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. They issued an outperform rating for the company. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $13.75. China Unicom (NYSE:CHU) traded down 0.84% on Thursday, hitting $13.00. 135,653 shares of the stock were exchanged. China Unicom has a one year low of $9.89 and a one year high of $14.48. The stock has a market capitalization of $31.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 216.67 and a beta of 0.85. The company has a 50 day moving average of $13.27 and a 200 day moving average of $12.20. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Upgraded to “Buy” at Jefferies Group LLC” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/china-unicom-hong-kong-limited-chu-upgraded-to-buy-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited during the fourth quarter worth approximately $116,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited by 21,781.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 156,887 shares of the Wireless communications provider’s stock worth $1,911,000 after buying an additional 156,170 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited during the fourth quarter worth approximately $852,000. Comerica Bank raised its stake in shares of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited by 11.9% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 135,742 shares of the Wireless communications provider’s stock worth $1,558,000 after buying an additional 14,431 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited by 1,695.2% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,164,103 shares of the Wireless communications provider’s stock worth $26,358,000 after buying an additional 2,043,553 shares in the last quarter. 0.94% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited is a Hong Kong-based investment holding company principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services. The Company’s businesses include mobile businesses, fixed-line businesses, enterprise businesses and international businesses. Its mobile businesses include the provision of call services, roaming services, mobile broadband services, traditional value-added services such as short message services, multimedia message services and wireless Internet access card, as well as new value-added services such as mobile music, mobile television and Wo portal services. Receive News & Ratings for China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Peabody Energy Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peabody Energy Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Boston Scientific Co. (BSX) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC Customers Bancorp Inc (CUBI) Receives “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Bio-Rad Laboratories’ (BIO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Now Covered by Analysts at MKM Partners Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Baxter International Inc (BAX) Given New $58.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Upgraded to “Buy” at Jefferies Group LLC Banco Santander Brasil SA (BSBR) Upgraded by Deutsche Bank AG to Hold Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Asset Advisors Corp Raises Stake in Dover Corp (DOV) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Increases Position in Unilever NV (UN) Cott Co. (COT) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in Magna International Inc. (MGA) Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Position Raised by Russell Investments Group Ltd. 5,799 Shares in Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Acquired by ARP Americas LLC Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases 1,076,763 Shares of Williams Companies Inc (WMB) ARP Americas LLC Has $232,000 Stake in Greif, Inc. (GEF) ARP Americas LLC Reduces Position in CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) ARP Americas LLC Reduces Stake in VMware, Inc. (VMW) ARP Americas LLC Purchases New Position in Ameren Corp (AEE) Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Now Covered by Analysts at MKM Partners April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet MKM Partners initiated coverage on shares of Peabody Energy Co. (NYSE:BTU) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The firm issued a buy rating and a $53.00 price objective on the coal producer’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and set a $35.00 price objective on shares of Peabody Energy in a research note on Wednesday. Seaport Global Securities upgraded shares of Peabody Energy from a neutral rating to a buy rating and set a $31.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday. Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a hold rating and set a $29.00 price objective on shares of Peabody Energy in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. FBR & Co reiterated an outperform rating and set a $34.00 price objective (up from $33.00) on shares of Peabody Energy in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Clarkson Capital reiterated a buy rating and set a $44.00 price objective on shares of Peabody Energy in a research note on Sunday, April 2nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $35.43. Peabody Energy (NYSE:BTU) traded down 3.682% on Thursday, reaching $25.245. 270,016 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s market capitalization is $466.81 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $26.37 and a 200 day moving average of $26.37. Peabody Energy has a 12-month low of $22.61 and a 12-month high of $32.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Now Covered by Analysts at MKM Partners” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/peabody-energy-co-btu-now-covered-by-analysts-at-mkm-partners.html. In other news, major shareholder Associates L.P. Elliott acquired 67,680 shares of Peabody Energy stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $25.46 per share, for a total transaction of $1,723,132.80. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 1,575,769 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $40,119,078.74. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, major shareholder International L.P. Elliott bought 327,056 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 27th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $26.34 per share, with a total value of $8,614,655.04. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have acquired 830,567 shares of company stock worth $21,540,116 over the last quarter. About Peabody Energy Peabody Energy Corporation is a coal company. The Company’s segments include Powder River Basin Mining, Midwestern U.S. Mining, Western U.S. Mining, Australian Metallurgical Mining, Australian Thermal Mining, Trading and Brokerage, and Corporate and Other. Its Powder River Basin Mining operations consist of its mines in Wyoming. Receive News & Ratings for Peabody Energy Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peabody Energy Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Orange SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Catalent Inc (CTLT) Insider Sharon Johnson Sells 9,160 Shares Curis, Inc. (CRIS) Director James R. Mcnab Sells 146,694 Shares Daily Journal Co. (DJCO) Director John Patrick Et Al Guerin Sells 1,500 Shares of Stock Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) Given a €17.50 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH Nemaska Lithium Inc (NMX) Director Guy Georges Bourassa Sells 225,000 Shares of Stock Orange SA (ORA) Given a €17.00 Price Target at S&P Global Enterprise Bancorp, Inc (EBTC) President Richard W. Main Sells 10,000 Shares Basf Se (BAS) Given a €99.00 Price Target by Independent Research GmbH Analysts Clarus Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Semafo Inc. (SMF) Basf Se (BAS) Given a €66.00 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein FY2017 EPS Estimates for Banner Co. (BANR) Increased by Analyst FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Boeing Co Issued By Jefferies Group (BA) Silver Standard Resources (SSRI) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.21 Bancorp (TBBK) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Synthesis Energy Systems (SYMX) Receives News Impact Score of 0.29 SunOpta (STKL) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Sprague Resources (SRLP) Stock Price Splunk (SPLK) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 VCA Inc (WOOF) Announces Earnings Results WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Orange SA (ORA) Given a €17.00 Price Target at S&P Global April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet S&P Global set a €17.00 ($18.48) price target on Orange SA (EPA:ORA) in a research report released on Thursday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on ORA. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating on shares of Orange SA in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €20.50 ($22.28) price objective on Orange SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of Orange SA in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €17.00 ($18.48) price objective on Orange SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €16.80 ($18.26) price objective on Orange SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Orange SA has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of €17.33 ($18.83). Orange SA (EPA:ORA) traded down 2.34% during trading on Thursday, hitting €14.20. 11,768,370 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €14.50 and a 200 day moving average price of €14.27. Orange SA has a 1-year low of €12.38 and a 1-year high of €15.66. The firm has a market capitalization of €37.77 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.69. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/orange-sa-ora-given-a-17-00-price-target-at-sp-global.html. Orange SA Company Profile Orange SA is a telecommunications operator. The Company also provides telecommunication services to multinational companies, under the brand Orange Business Services. The Company’s segments include France, Spain, Poland, Belgium and Luxembourg, Central European countries, Africa and Middle East, Enterprise, and International Carriers & Shared Services. Receive News & Ratings for Orange SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Strs Ohio Has $30,753,000 Position in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Strs Ohio Raises Stake in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) FY2017 EPS Estimates for CenterState Banks Inc (CSFL) Boosted by FIG Partners Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Decreases Position in Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Invests $2.469 Million in Qualys Inc (QLYS) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Canon Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (CAJ) McGrath RentCorp (MGRC) Stake Lowered by Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Strs Ohio Purchases 16,541 Shares of Discover Financial Services (DFS) Computer Programs & Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Stake Maintained by Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Boenning Scattergood Weighs in on Franklin Electric Co.’s FY2017 Earnings (FELE) Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) Stake Cut by Strs Ohio Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.55 Per Share (DPS) EnerSys (ENS) Shares Bought by Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Sells 19,990 Shares of ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Position Increased by Strs Ohio Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $5.50 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts Western Digital Corp (WDC) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.22 EPS Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Century Aluminum (CENX) Stock Price Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Yandex NV (YNDX) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Canon Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (CAJ) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Canon Inc (NYSE:CAJ) – Jefferies Group lowered their FY2017 earnings estimates for Canon in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. Jefferies Group analyst M. Nakanomyo now forecasts that the technology company will post earnings per share of $1.55 for the year, down from their prior estimate of $1.69. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Canon’s FY2018 earnings at $2.05 EPS and FY2019 earnings at $2.16 EPS. A number of other brokerages have also recently weighed in on CAJ. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Canon from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Canon from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Canon from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $36.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/research-analysts-issue-forecasts-for-canon-incs-fy2017-earnings-caj.html. Shares of Canon (NYSE:CAJ) traded down 0.57% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $33.17. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 126,714 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $31.29 and its 200 day moving average is $29.52. Canon has a 12 month low of $27.18 and a 12 month high of $33.45. The firm has a market cap of $36.22 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.18 and a beta of 0.60. Canon (NYSE:CAJ) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The technology company reported $0.45 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.22. Canon had a return on equity of 5.18% and a net margin of 4.44%. The firm earned $8.69 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.04 billion. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Aperio Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Canon by 3.8% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 1,999,435 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $58,044,000 after buying an additional 73,167 shares during the period. Mondrian Investment Partners LTD boosted its stake in shares of Canon by 31.8% in the first quarter. Mondrian Investment Partners LTD now owns 1,238,737 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $38,401,000 after buying an additional 299,000 shares during the period. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC boosted its stake in shares of Canon by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC now owns 345,346 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $9,718,000 after buying an additional 4,817 shares during the period. Martin Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Canon by 15.3% in the third quarter. Martin Investment Management LLC now owns 215,564 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $6,258,000 after buying an additional 28,525 shares during the period. Finally, Fiera Capital Corp boosted its stake in shares of Canon by 44.6% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 157,300 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $4,426,000 after buying an additional 48,500 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 1.49% of the company’s stock. About Canon Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
AutoSpies.com | Newsletter | RSS Automotive News Top News Most Recent Spy Shots Spy News New Cars Misc News Photo Galleries Reviews Report Cards Videos Polls Rumors Auto Sales Submit An Article Dealer Reviews Free Classifieds Search Listings Sell Your Car Galleries Best Of New York Auto Show New York Auto Show New York Auto Show Preview Good Guys Del Mar Nationals Geneva Motor Show Preview Chicago Auto Show Best Of Detroit NAIAS Detroit Auto Show Detroit Auto Show Preview San Diego Auto Show Best Photos of 2016-Part One Best Of LA Auto Show LA Auto Show LA Auto Show Preview Best Of SEMA Show SEMA Show 2016 2016 SEMA Preview Paris Motor Show Bimmerfest 2016 Bimmerfest Preview View more galleries… JP Morgan And Wells Fargo Cut Back Subprime Loans Dramatically As Fears Mount Agent009 submitted on 4/28/2017Auto Spies Photos Timestamp: 1:31:47 PM 3 user comments | Views : 1,602 | Category: New Cars | Source: | SOURCE: www.bloomberg.com Tag Links: #Subprime, #credit, #Stocks, Losses SHARE THIS ARTICLE Depending whose money they’re using, Wells Fargo & Co. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. either love subprime car loans or fear them. Both banks have grown more reluctant to make new subprime loans using money from their own balance sheets. Wells Fargo tightened its underwriting standards and slashed the volume of all loans it made to car buyers in the first quarter by 29 percent after greater numbers of borrowers fell behind on payments. JPMorgan’s consumer and community banking head Gordon Smith earlier this year said the bank had cut its new lending for subprime auto loans “dramatically.” Read Article Most Viewed Photos on AutoSpies.com RIGHT NOW! Best Of New York Auto Show New York Auto Show New York Auto Show Preview Good Guys Del Mar Nationals Moab Easter Jeep Safari LAST 5 GALLERIES About the Author Honor thy error as a hidden intention. — Agent009 (View Profile) User Comments Anyone remember the subprime debacle? Get ready for round two. Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it. — TheSteve (View Profile) Posted on 4/28/2017 2:13:20 PM | reply to this comment | Votes: 4    And this one will be the responsibility of Obama who did nothing to prevent a repeat. — MDarringer (View Profile) Posted on 4/28/2017 5:12:45 PM | | Votes: -2    It rained here yesterday when the forecast was for sunshine and 77 degrees, I think Obama was the culprit. — nguyenvuminh (View Profile) Posted on 4/29/2017 1:47:10 AM | reply to this comment | Votes: 1    Add your Comments Please fill in the comment field before you submit. Images hosted in your AgentSpace can now be posted in the comments section using the following syntax (case matters): [img]IMAGE URL[/img] Example: [img]http://agent001.myautospies.com/images/sample.jpg[/img] Email Me When Someone Replies To My Message Login | Sign Up Submit an article Register to vote, post articles, write comments, and interact with fellow auto enthusiasts Photo Galleries AutoSpies presents the best Auto Show Photos, Automotive Videos, Car Reviews and Hot Rides. Paris Motor Show Latest Photo Galleries Best Of New York Auto Show New York Auto Show New York Auto Show Preview Good Guys Del Mar Nationals Moab Easter Jeep Safari Ford F-150 Limited Geneva Motor Show Geneva Motor Show Preview Chicago Auto Show Kia Niro Hybrid Manhattan Motorcars Best Of Detroit NAIAS 2018 BMW 5-Series USA Launch Detroit Auto Show Detroit Auto Show Preview San Diego Auto Show Ford GT Roll Out BMW at NAIAS Mercedes-Benz E-Class Coupe Best Photos of 2016-Part One Ford Raptor Real Life Photos BMW M Performance Parts Best Of LA Auto Show LA Auto Show LA Auto Show Preview Best Of SEMA Show SEMA Show 2016 2018 Volkswagen Atlas Audi S3 MINI Countryman Mercedes-AMG E63 Mercedes-Benz Concept X-Class 2016 SEMA Preview Honda CR-V The New BMW 5-Series Paris Motor Show Chevrolet Camaro Mercedes-AMG GT/GT C Roadster Jaguar XF Audi A5 Sportback Novitec Rosso 488 Spider Volkswagen Teramont Monterey Car Week Kia Cadenza Range Rover BMW 740e xDrive iPerformance Elvis' BMW 507 SPIED! Next-Gen Mazda CX-5 Ford Super Duty Line SPIED! Volkswagen Tiguan More photo galleries Latest Articles JP Morgan And Wells Fargo Cut Back Subprime Loans Dramatically As Fears Mount Marchionne Drops A Bombshell By Acknowledging Jeep And Ram Could Be Spun Off Automakers Scramble To Gain Access To $2 Billion VW Was Forced To Donate To CARB And EPA BMW dealers cry out for more 5 series The Best-Selling BMW 4 Series 'Coupe' Is Actually A Sedan... Toyota Recalls 228,000 Tacomas For Failing Differentials Formula 1 Ditches Protective Cockpit Halo In Favor Of Clear Shield Apple's Autonomous Car Technology Caught Testing In California Strong North American Performance Boosts GM Profits By 34% In First Quarter DRIVEN + VIDEO: Making The Case For The BMW 1M — Best BMW, Ever? RUMOR: All-New Lexus ES To Pick Up Where The GS Gets Left Off? VIDEO: In-Depth Walk Around Of The All-New Volvo XC60 — What Do You LIKE And DISLIKE? TEASED! Hyundai's Going After The Nissan Juke, Toyota C-HR And Honda HR-V With The All-New Kona FACE OFF: Who Has The HOTTER Face? Ford F-150 vs. GMC Sierra Denali? US Regulators Eye Mercedes As Next Target In Diesel Emissions Probe 1/4 Mile Battle Of The Boring - Chrysler Pacifica VS. Toyota 86, The Winner May Shock You Honda Reviving Passport Name For Its New Crossover? Experimental Tesla Model EXP Supercar Rendered Trading Of Takata Stock Halted Ahead Of Bankruptcy Announcement Volkswagen May Be Forced To Sell Off Audi's Ducati To Pay DieselGate Fines Mercedes Abandons SLC Leaving BMW's New Z5 Unchallenged Consumer Reports Downgrades Tesla Over Delayed Software Updates Audi Scoops Up Tesla Autopilot Program Manager To Be CTO Of Autonomous Driving Program Automakers Not Looking Forward To Reporting April Sales Next Week Trump To Renegotiate NAFTA Rather Than Pull Out Audi's A8 and A7 To Lead Charge Of 15 New Models Over Next 20 Months The Best-Selling Sports Car In 2016 was the Ford Mustang Dodge Challenger SRT Demon too dangerous for the roads? Dynamic Skip Fire Cylinder Technology To Make Gas Powered Vehicles As Clean As Non Cheating Diesels UK Bans BMW 7 Series Advertisement Because Of Emphasis On Performance More latest news AutoSpies.com About Us Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Web Development by T-Tech Solutions LLC | Web Hosting by DealerRater.com
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Surprise! C.J. Beathard first Hawkeye off the board in NFL draft Kirk Ferentz, Tom Brands testify at trial to issues in working with Jane Meyer Mercy Iowa City-UnityPoint Health merger called off Camping World-led group wins bankruptcy auction for Gander Mountain Misplaced priorities add stress for students Tony Ramos, Kyven Gadson reach men's freestyle wrestling finals of U.S. Open Surprise! C.J. Beathard first Hawkeye off the board in NFL draft Trump at NRA convention: I will ‘never, ever’ weaken gun rights Iowa throwers on the rise Kirk Ferentz, Tom Brands testify at trial to issues in working with Jane Meyer U.S. economy expands at slowest pace in three years Video Photo A street sign for Wall Street is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in Manhattan, New York City, U.S. December 28, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly By Shobhana Chandra, Bloomberg Apr 28, 2017 at 8:53 am | Print View The U.S. economy expanded at the slowest pace in three years as weak auto sales and lower home-heating bills dragged down consumer spending, offsetting a pickup in investment led by housing and oil drilling. Gross domestic product, the value of all goods and services produced, rose at a 0.7 percent annualized rate after advancing 2.1 percent in the prior quarter, Commerce Department data showed Friday in Washington. The median forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg called for a 1 percent gain. Consumer spending, the biggest part of the economy, rose 0.3 percent, the worst performance since 2009. The GDP slowdown owes partly to transitory forces such as warm weather and volatility in inventories, which supports forecasts for a rebound as high confidence among companies and consumers and a solid job market underpin growth. Even so, the weakness at car dealers could weigh on expansion, and further gains in business investment could depend on the extent of policy support such as tax cuts. “There’s reason to think that some of the things that were weak in the first quarter should reverse in the second quarter, in particular consumption and inventories,” Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase, said before the report. “Labor income is starting to pick up and actually keeping consumer spending pretty well supported.” The data are unlikely to dissuade Federal Reserve policy makers from raising interest rates in the coming months. Economists were largely expecting a weak growth figure, calling it a blip and not a sign of stagnation. Analysts have pointed to issues with the Commerce Department’s seasonal adjustment of growth data: Since 2000, expansion in the first quarter of each year has averaged 1 percent, compared with 2.2 percent for the rest of each year, according to Wells Fargo Securities. Though the first-quarter figure isn’t a verdict on President Donald Trump’s policies, economists are generally skeptical that growth will reach his goal of 3 percent to 4 percent on a sustained basis. Analysts’ estimates indicate just 2.2 percent to 2.3 percent annual growth through 2019, a tad above the average pace during the almost eight-year expansion. During the first quarter, a chief driver of growth was private, fixed non-residential investment, which contributed 1.12 percentage point to expansion, led by a record increase in mining exploration, shafts and wells, a category that includes oil structures. Residential investment added 0.5 point to growth. The change in inventories, one of the most volatile parts of the GDP calculation, subtracted 0.93 percentage point from growth, following a 1.01 percent gain. Trade, also volatile from quarter to quarter, contributed 0.07 point after a 1.82 point drag in the previous period. Economists’ forecasts for overall growth ranged from zero to 2.2 percent. The GDP estimate is the first of three for the quarter, with the other releases scheduled for May and June when more information becomes available. The 0.3 percent growth in household consumption, which accounts for about 70 percent of the economy, followed a 3.5 percent jump from October to December. The median forecast in the Bloomberg survey called for 0.9 percent, and purchases added 0.23 percentage point to first-quarter growth. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Trump aims to expand US offshore drillin ... Camping World-led group wins bankruptcy ... U.S. Congress passes short-term bill to ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.70 Earnings Per Share Expected for MarineMax Inc (HZO) This Quarter Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen (PLKI) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Occidental Petroleum (OXY) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds $0.39 EPS Expected for HP Inc (HPQ) This Quarter Oceaneering International (OII) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Advanced Info Service PCL (AVIFY) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Deluxe Co. (DLX) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Grupo Aeroportr dl Pcfco SAB de CV (PAC) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Sasol Limited (SSL) Stock Price NewMarket Co. (NEU) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $1.35 EPS Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) AGT Food and Ingredients Inc (AGT) Given a C$40.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Canam Group Inc. (CAM) PT Raised to C$12.30 Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Given a $20.00 Price Target at Scotiabank Crescent Point Energy Corp (CPG) Given a C$26.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Position Held by Malaga Cove Capital LLC Malaga Cove Capital LLC Increases Stake in Entravision Communication (EVC) Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Shares Bought by Polaris Greystone Financial Group LLC Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Stake Boosted by Malaga Cove Capital LLC CVR Energy, Inc. (CVI) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.50 $0.39 EPS Expected for HP Inc (HPQ) This Quarter April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts predict that HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) will announce $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Four analysts have made estimates for HP’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.38 to $0.40. HP posted earnings per share of $0.41 in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year-over-year growth rate of 4.9%. The firm is expected to announce its next earnings report on Wednesday, May 24th. On average, analysts expect that HP will report full year earnings of $1.61 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.60 to $1.65. For the next financial year, analysts forecast that the business will report earnings of $1.67 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.60 to $1.74. Zacks’ EPS averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that that provide coverage for HP. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The computer maker reported $0.38 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.37 by $0.01. HP had a negative return on equity of 63.67% and a net margin of 5.17%. The company earned $12.68 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.82 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.36 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Mizuho lifted their price objective on HP from $14.00 to $15.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on HP from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Citigroup Inc raised HP from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $16.00 price objective (up from $15.50) on shares of HP in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut HP from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $18.28. HP (NYSE:HPQ) traded up 0.05% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $18.78. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,748,731 shares. HP has a 1-year low of $11.31 and a 1-year high of $18.83. The firm has a market capitalization of $31.80 billion, a PE ratio of 12.81 and a beta of 1.52. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $17.75 and its 200 day moving average price is $15.97. In other news, CFO Catherine A. Lesjak sold 120,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total value of $2,176,800.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 120,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,176,800. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total value of $181,400.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 61,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,120,054.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 963,357 shares of company stock valued at $17,005,974 over the last three months. Company insiders own 0.51% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. purchased a new stake in HP during the third quarter valued at $106,000. FineMark National Bank & Trust increased its stake in HP by 2.4% in the third quarter. FineMark National Bank & Trust now owns 7,027 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 168 shares during the last quarter. CWM LLC increased its stake in HP by 0.3% in the first quarter. CWM LLC now owns 6,419 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. purchased a new stake in HP during the third quarter valued at $120,000. Finally, Acrospire Investment Management LLC increased its stake in HP by 9.6% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 8,000 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the last quarter. 78.94% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/0-39-eps-expected-for-hp-inc-hpq-this-quarter.html. About HP HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on HP (HPQ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read EU prepares for post-Brexit membership for united Ireland Emmanuel Macron meets ‘unhappy’ France to counter elitist image North Korea tests missile as US calls for ‘painful’ sanctions Masked men storm Macedonia parliament and attack MPs South Korea balks at Donald Trump’s $1bn payment demand for Thaad US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read North Korea tests missile as US calls for ‘painful’ sanctions Jimmy Carter asked to steer clear of North Korea rapprochement South Korea balks at Donald Trump’s $1bn payment demand for Thaad Distressed-debt players rule the roost in Trump’s White House 100 days in the court of King Donald Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Qualcomm warns of big shortfall as Apple chokes supplier royalties Cloudera shares rise 21% on first day of trading A bitter pill to swallow for the man who hoped to save Alitalia Amazon unveils key logistics arm sales surge Barclays doubles underlying profits but investment bank disappoints Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Aviva’s investment arm can’t dodge hard questions Bull herd approaches Europe as US stocks break records The long-term sting in passive investing’s great success Stocks finish positive week on cautious note Vix ‘fear gauge’ closes at 3-year low Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read More holidays are a luxury Britain can afford Britain’s misplaced sense of economic superiority Distressed-debt players rule the roost in Trump’s White House Cricket goes for gold in its Olympic bid Emmanuel Macron’s halo can bring the London spirit to Paris Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read I would rather shine shoes than be a banker Ingrid Betancourt: ‘Work should not be a suffering’ Lucy Kellaway: ‘One Minute Mentoring’ is thin and formulaic Fintech lures MBAs away from banking and consulting Liquid lunches — with pea protein Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Straight from the hedgehog’s mouth: management guru Jim Collins London housing: too hot for young buyers Notes from the digital bunker: No country for middle-aged techies 100 days in the court of King Donald Why it’s a bit rich to call me rich Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times European banks recover some of their swagger after dismal fourth quarter Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week. You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week. You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Music News Entertainment Politics Features Share < br />this article: Who is Billy McFarland, the Fyre Festival founder who just scammed a bunch of rich kids? In News by Drew Salisbury / April 28, 2017 Share < br />this article: Follow @raisedinthecity UPDATE: We talked to a high school classmate of Billy McFarland, the Fyre Festival founder. As sad rich kids started posting about getting scammed out of thousands of dollars by the “ultra luxury” Fyre Festival Friday morning, a lot of people started flaming Fyre ambassador Ja Rule on social media. Of course, Ja was not solely responsible for the schadenfreudic delight all of us not stranded on an island in the Bahamas are currently partaking in. Most of that falls on Fyre’s founder, Billy McFarland, a 25-year-old tech entrepreneur from Short Hills, New Jersey. And, as it turns out, these are not the first people McFarland has screwed out of a lot of money. Like any born hustler, repackaging an idea that’s already out there and charging a premium for it seems to be at the heart of a lot of McFarland’s previous endeavors. His first startup, Spling, was a social networking site based around on sharing links with your friends, which you could then forward to Twitter or Facebook. Basically, it was an added, unnecessary step — a middle man — that somehow earned the company $400,000 in series A funding. That carried over onto McFarland’s next project, Magnises. It started out as a credit card, or more accurately, the appearance of a luxury credit card. Magnises was marketed toward millennials who wanted to experience the opulence of having an American Express black card before they actually had the money to qualify for one. So the company would copy the information off your standard Chase Freedom card and transfer it to a hefty, black Magnises card that came with additional perks, just like a regular credit card (minus the actual credit line). Again, a middle-man selling a lifestyle, not an actual product. Magnises was referral-only, allowing cardholders to feel as though they were in a special, exclusive club, and that’s eventually what it became. The company scrapped the card and turned it into an app, Magnises NOW, which combined the social networking of Spling and the perks of the Magnises card. Magnises NOW’s 40,000 members could party at the Magnises club in New York, get concierge services (you know, like Yelp, before there was Yelp), and buy hard-to-get tickets for popular broadway shows (you know, like TicketMaster). They could even book getaways on Magnises Air to concerts at exotic destinations (you know, like Orbitz). All for a $250 annual fee. In other words, Magnises was charging people a premium for things they could for the most part get elsewhere for free. Except the company regularly failed to deliver. A Business Insider piece from January of this year profiled a number of Magnises members who said their experience with the enterprise was less than deluxe. One reported a Broadway show they had purchased tickets for that had to be frequently rescheduled, often last minute. On the day of the show, the tickets had yet to come in the mail, were not at will call, and had to be hand-delivered at a nearby restaurant. Another member reported purchasing two trips with the company, one to Miami and one to Cuba. The charge didn’t hit his account for months. “When they did finally charge me, there were no details at all about the trip — where we were flying to exactly, where we would meet, or anything like that,” he said. “It was one week before the trip to Cuba, and I still had no information. But then we get an email that the trip was canceled because of Hurricane Matthew, and that it would be rescheduled for the same weekend as the Art Basel trip.” The Miami trip canceled, the member eventually received a detailed itinerary for the Cuba trip, which was subsequently canceled the day before the flight. Around the same time, they charged his credit card for his annual renewal three months early. The member eventually got all their money back, a month later. Magnises currently has a one and a half star review on Yelp. So how did Fyre, the reason we’re talking about this jabroni at all, get up and running? We’ll let him explain it in his own words: Tune into @fyre_app's @Ruleyork, Billy McFarland & @MDavidLow's chat with Michael Hirschorn of @ishteevee https://t.co/e17eirTPFy pic.twitter.com/R6YtPIQfQM — Web Summit (@WebSummit) November 23, 2016 And somehow, people keep giving this guy money. [photo: Fyre Fest] Tags: billy mcfarland, fyrefestival, ja rule, magnises Recommended for you We talked to a high school classmate of Billy McFarland, the Fyre Festival founder Trump transition team did their own shoddy background check on Michael Flynn Fyre Festival organizer, upon realizing everything was fucked: ‘Let’s just do it and be legends’ North Korea test fires another ballistic missile Alex Jones: I’m not owned Sebastian Gorka might be getting kicked out of the White House sign up to get the latest deathandtaxes news Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up More on Death and Taxes How did Larry Sellers' teacher give him a passing grade on his homework? Sean Penn on working with Steve Bannon, the 'Hollywood wannabe' Meet Josh Hall, POTUS's thirstiest wannabe White House intern MUSIC NEWS ENTERTAINMENT POLITICS FEATURES CONTACT US Death and Taxes.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. About Death and Taxes Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
Credit Cards With The Most Loyal Customers - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Credit Cards With The Most Loyal Customers 2017-04-29T06:52:57Z MoneyTips The credit card industry can be a cutthroat market. A constant barrage of offers entices consumers to leave their current card issuer for greater rewards, lower interest rates, or other targeted perks. Do these opportunities erode loyalty to individual credit card companies? While many consumers, especially younger ones, think nothing of frequently changing their credit cards, a CreditCards.com survey in 2016 found that 19% of survey respondents have had the same card for a minimum of 10 years. Another 15% of respondents had never changed their card at all. Which card companies benefit the most from card loyalty? According to the recently released annual Brand Keys Customer Loyalty Engagement Index, two credit card companies tied atop the list for customer loyalty: the American Express Company and Discover Financial Services. Brand Keys does not go into detail on their assessment methods, so it is not clear what raises these companies over competitors such as Capital One, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup (the next four on the list, in descending order). However, the results closely align with the 2016 annual J.D. Power Customer Satisfaction survey for credit card issuers. Discover barely edged out American Express for the top spot, with Capital One well behind in third place. J.D. Power's survey examines six factors associated with the credit cards, listed from highest to lowest importance: customer interaction, credit card terms, billing and payment, rewards, benefits and services, and problem resolution. In short, winning cards offer the best combination of reasonable terms and rewards backed up by great customer service and therefore, they likely earn loyalty from satisfied customers that trumps maximizing rewards or minimizing interest rates. Discover is on a significant roll, with multiple wins in J.D. Power surveys in recent years. As a hook, Discover offers an attention-grabbing 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in purchases within rotating categories (as of this writing, the offer is on home improvement stores and wholesale clubs). R. Mark Graf, Discover's CFO, notes that the rate number is just part of their "overall value proposition" that includes easier redemption of rewards. For example, Discover was the trailblazer in allowing credit card customers to redeem points using the convenience of PayPal. American Express is reaching the same heights through increased marketing efforts (with an almost 30% increase in quarterly marketing expenses in the fourth quarter of 2016) and attempts to differentiate their rewards from others. American Express CFO Jeffrey Campbell cited premium rewards like access to airport lounges and the First Bag Free program with Delta airlines as means to increase customer engagement. Discover and American Express have reached the top of the loyalty list in different ways Discover through convenience and American Express through differentiation but it's likely that the underlying driver is a focus on customer service. No program is going to gain success if it is frustrating to use or if customers cannot easily resolve problems, and the J.D. Power results suggest that both companies are finding true success through old-fashioned customer care. As in any industry, there will be some consumers that are driven entirely by rewards or by the lowest interest rate and, from a pure economic standpoint, there is no reason not to switch cards when it is to your advantage. However, loyalty still matters. If you have a good relationship with your current card issuer, why not give them an opportunity to match any competitor's deal before you switch? You may find that they appreciate your loyalty just as much as you appreciate theirs. Of course, the higher your credit score, the better credit offers you'll get. You can check your credit score and read your credit report for free within minutes using Credit Manager by MoneyTips. If you want more credit, check out MoneyTips' list of credit card offers. Photo iStockphoto.com/FotoSpeedy Originally Posted at: https://www.moneytips.com/credit-cards-with-the-most-loyal-customers/628 New Credit Card Data Credit Card Fees Consumers May Not Know About Credit Union Credit Cards 101 Information contained on this page is provided by an independent third-party content provider. Frankly and this Site make no warranties or representations in connection therewith. If you are affiliated with this page and would like it removed please contact pressreleases@franklyinc.com Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Economy U.S. Economy Expands At Slowest Pace In Three Years (©ndoeljindoel/stock.adobe.com) BLOOMBERG NEWS 4/28/2017 Reprints The U.S. economy expanded at the slowest pace in three years as weak auto sales and lower home-heating bills dragged down consumer spending, offsetting a pickup in investment led by housing and oil drilling. Gross domestic product, the value of all goods and services produced, rose at a 0.7% annualized rate after advancing 2.1% in the prior quarter, Commerce Department data showed Friday in Washington. The median forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg called for a 1% gain. Consumer spending, the biggest part of the economy, rose 0.3%, the worst performance since 2009. The GDP slowdown owes partly to transitory forces such as warm weather and volatility in inventories, which supports forecasts for a rebound as high confidence among companies and consumers and a solid job market underpin growth. Even so, the weakness at car dealers could weigh on expansion, and further gains in business investment could depend on the extent of policy support such as tax cuts. "There's reason to think that some of the things that were weak in the first quarter should reverse in the second quarter, in particular consumption and inventories," Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said before the report. "Labor income is starting to pick up and actually keeping consumer spending pretty well supported." The data are unlikely to dissuade Federal Reserve policy makers from raising interest rates in the coming months. Economists were largely expecting a weak growth figure, calling it a blip and not a sign of stagnation. Analysts have pointed to issues with the Commerce Department's seasonal adjustment of growth data: Since 2000, expansion in the first quarter of each year has averaged 1%, compared with 2.2% for the rest of each year, according to Wells Fargo Securities. Trump's Target Though the first-quarter figure isn't a verdict on President Donald Trump's policies, economists are generally skeptical that growth will reach his goal of 3% to 4% on a sustained basis. Analysts' estimates indicate just 2.2% to 2.3% annual growth through 2019, a tad above the average pace during the almost eight-year expansion. During the first quarter, a chief driver of growth was private, fixed nonresidential investment, which contributed 1.12 percentage point to expansion, led by a record increase in mining exploration, shafts and wells, a category that includes oil structures. Residential investment added 0.5 point to growth. The change in inventories, one of the most volatile parts of the GDP calculation, subtracted 0.93 percentage point from growth, following a 1.01% gain. Trade, also volatile from quarter to quarter, contributed 0.07 point after a 1.82 point drag in the previous period. Economists' forecasts for overall growth ranged from zero to 2.2%. The GDP estimate is the first of three for the quarter, with the other releases scheduled for May and June when more information becomes available. The 0.3% growth in household consumption, which accounts for about 70% of the economy, followed a 3.5% jump from October to December. The median forecast in the Bloomberg survey called for 0.9%, and purchases added 0.23 percentage point to first-quarter growth. While some of the slowdown may be temporary, inflation is eating into consumers' wallets. Real disposable personal income rose at a 1% pace in the period, the weakest since the fourth quarter of 2013. Even though hiring has been humming along and the jobless rate of 4.5% is the lowest in almost a decade, a sustained pickup in wage growth would help boost consumers' ability to spend. Business Investment Nonresidential fixed investment, or spending on equipment, structures and intellectual property, increased at a 9.4% annualized pace, the fastest since 2013. It grew at a 0.9% rate in the previous quarter. Among the details, equipment spending advanced 9.1%, a two-year high, while investment in nonresidential structures, including office buildings and factories, surged 22.1% after dropping 1.9% in the prior quarter. Residential spending increased at a 13.7% annualized rate, the most since the second quarter of 2015, compared with the prior quarter's advance of 9.6%. Trade added slightly to growth, as exports increased by more than imports during the quarter. Final sales to private domestic purchasers -- which strip out government agencies, inventories and trade -- rose at a 2.2% pace after a 3.4% advance. Government spending fared worse, decreasing 1.7% and taking away 0.3 percentage point from growth. State and local outlays fell at a 1.6% annualized rate, while spending by federal agencies dropped at a 1.9% pace. The report also showed price pressures were picking up. The GDP price index rose 2.3% in the first quarter. A measure of inflation tied to consumer spending and excluding volatile food and energy costs was up 2%, the fastest in four quarters. Share this: Today's Spotlight MarketSmith Premium Find top stocks with MarketSmith Premium. Take a 3-week trial today. Don’t Miss The MoneyShow Join IBD investing experts for free workshops at Las Vegas and learn more about IBD products. Free IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Orlando (5/6) or Indianapolis (5/13) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! More News Amazon Cloud Services Under Growing Threat From Microsoft, Google, IBM Week In Review: Nasdaq Hits High, Dow Rallies On France, Amazon, McDonald's, Alphabet, Caterpillar 5 Revelations to Help You Make Money on TWTR Promoted Content By VectorVest Special Report (IBD/Shutterstock photo illustration) Best Fund Awards See which mutual funds have beaten the S&P 500 and other benchmarks over the last 1, 3, 5 and 10 years. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Merchants Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Merchants Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Sells 16 Shares of Shire PLC (SHPG) 3,794 Shares in Inter Parfums, Inc. (IPAR) Acquired by Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Give Radware Ltd. (RDWR) a $17.00 Price Target First Merchants Co. (FRME) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) a $22.00 Price Target Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Liberty Media Co. – Series A Liberty Formula One (FWONA) to Hold Zions Bancorp (ZION) Price Target Raised to $48.00 First Mercantile Trust Co. Lowers Position in Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Purchases Shares of 2,610 Cambrex Co. (CBM) Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Takes Position in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Cubic Asset Management LLC Has $624,000 Position in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Inphi Co. (IPHI) Stake Boosted by First Mercantile Trust Co. CIGNA Co. (CI) Shares Sold by Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. First Quadrant L P CA Invests $12.129 Million in Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Shares Sold by First Mercantile Trust Co. Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) First Mercantile Trust Co. Buys 9,160 Shares of SM Energy Co (SM) First Mercantile Trust Co. Sells 470 Shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Shares Sold by First Mercantile Trust Co. First Merchants Co. (FRME) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of First Merchants Co. (NASDAQ:FRME) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “FIRST MERCHANTS CORP. is a bank holding company engaged in conducting commercial banking business through the offices of its banking subsidiaries. “ Separately, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a buy rating and set a $44.00 price objective on shares of First Merchants in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Shares of First Merchants (NASDAQ:FRME) traded up 0.26% on Tuesday, reaching $42.03. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 64,623 shares. The firm has a market cap of $1.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.23 and a beta of 1.01. The company’s 50 day moving average is $39.25 and its 200-day moving average is $36.18. First Merchants has a 1-year low of $23.54 and a 1-year high of $43.35. First Merchants (NASDAQ:FRME) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The bank reported $0.56 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.52 by $0.04. First Merchants had a return on equity of 9.16% and a net margin of 25.41%. The company had revenue of $75.85 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $76.65 million. Equities research analysts expect that First Merchants will post $2.22 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/first-merchants-co-frme-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, Director Gary Lehman bought 6,880 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $16.23 per share, with a total value of $111,662.40. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 35,590 shares in the company, valued at $577,625.70. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director William L. Hoy sold 5,657 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.92, for a total value of $225,827.44. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 25,609 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,022,311.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have purchased 6,905 shares of company stock valued at $112,662. 1.62% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in FRME. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust raised its position in shares of First Merchants by 2.0% in the third quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 19,036 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $509,000 after buying an additional 373 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of First Merchants by 11.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 164,654 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $4,404,000 after buying an additional 16,944 shares in the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of First Merchants by 9.5% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 326,392 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $8,731,000 after buying an additional 28,240 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of First Merchants by 2.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 169,882 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $4,544,000 after buying an additional 3,730 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of First Merchants by 3.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 11,479 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $308,000 after buying an additional 403 shares in the last quarter. 74.71% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About First Merchants First Merchants Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company has a bank charter, First Merchants Bank (the Bank), which is opened for business in Muncie, Indiana. It operates through community banking business segment. The Bank also operates Lafayette Bank and Trust, and First Merchants Private Wealth Advisors (each as a division of First Merchants Bank). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on First Merchants (FRME) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for First Merchants Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Merchants Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Diana Shipping Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diana Shipping Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amicus Therapeutics (FOLD) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.37 Premier (PINC) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Diana Shipping (DSX) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Investar Holding Corp (ISTR) Stock Price Independence Contract Drilling Inc (ICD) Announces Earnings Results Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance MGM Resorts International (MGM) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.12 EPS Dynex Capital Inc (DX) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Crane Co.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CR) Brokers Offer Predictions for Bloomin' Brands Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (BLMN) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Dolby Laboratories, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (DLB) Analysts Anticipate HealthSouth Corp (HLS) to Announce $0.68 EPS Zafgen Inc (ZFGN) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.43 Per Share Acadian Asset Management LLC Has $32.09 Million Stake in TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Acadian Asset Management LLC Sells 370,362 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Acadian Asset Management LLC Has $26.324 Million Position in Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) United Microelectronics Corp (UMC) Stake Cut by Acadian Asset Management LLC Acadian Asset Management LLC Purchases 290,272 Shares of YY Inc (YY) 18,465 Shares in Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Acquired by Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Headinvest LLC Purchases 2,784 Shares of Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Diana Shipping (DSX) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Diana Shipping (NYSE:DSX) have been trending positive on Friday, according to Alpha One. The research group, a unit of Accern, scores the sentiment of media coverage by monitoring more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Diana Shipping earned a news sentiment score of 0.42 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media stories about the shipping company an impact score of 58 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is somewhat likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the news articles that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s rankings: Diana Shipping Inc.’s (DSX) has a value of $4.14 per share While Star Bulk Carriers Corp.’s (SBLK) is stand at $9.42 – Stocks Gallery (stocksgallery.com) Diana Shipping inc. (NYSE:DSX) reported Sales of 114.3 Million – The Newburgh Press (newburghpress.com) The Diana Shipping (DSX) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.18 (giftedviz.com) Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Closing of US$80.5 Million Public Offering of Common Shares; Closing (nasdaq.com) Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Closing of US$80.5 Million Public Offering of Common Shares; Closing Includes Full Exercise of Underwriters’ US$10.5 Million Over-Allotment Option; Board Approval of Acquisition of Three Dry Bulk Vessels Received (finance.yahoo.com) A number of research firms have weighed in on DSX. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Diana Shipping from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $8.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Diana Shipping from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.25 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on shares of Diana Shipping from $3.50 to $5.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $3.00 price objective on shares of Diana Shipping and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, April 22nd. Finally, Nordea Equity Research raised shares of Diana Shipping from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $4.38. Shares of Diana Shipping (NYSE:DSX) traded down 2.241% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $4.145. 587,118 shares of the stock were exchanged. Diana Shipping has a 12-month low of $2.11 and a 12-month high of $6.20. The firm’s market cap is $334.72 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $4.71 and its 200 day moving average is $3.70. Diana Shipping (NYSE:DSX) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The shipping company reported ($0.38) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.39) by $0.01. Diana Shipping had a negative net margin of 131.28% and a negative return on equity of 14.09%. The company earned $28 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $28.28 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.30) EPS. The company’s revenue was down 26.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Diana Shipping will post ($1.15) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/diana-shipping-dsx-receiving-favorable-media-coverage-report-shows.html. Diana Shipping Company Profile Diana Shipping Inc is a holding company. The Company is a provider of shipping transportation services. The Company specializes in the ownership of dry bulk vessels. As of February 16, 2017, the Company’s operating fleet consisted of 48 dry bulk carriers, of which 23 were Panamax, four were Kamsarmax, three were Post-Panamax, 14 were Capesize and four were Newcastlemax vessels, having a combined carrying capacity of approximately 5.7 million deadweight tonnage (dwt). Receive News & Ratings for Diana Shipping Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diana Shipping Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Precision Drilling Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Precision Drilling Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News US Ecology Inc (ECOL) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Humana Inc (HUM) QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Earns Overweight Rating from Analysts at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc (EBMT) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG Raises Precision Drilling Corp (PDS) Price Target to $10.00 Amicus Therapeutics (FOLD) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.37 Premier (PINC) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Diana Shipping (DSX) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Investar Holding Corp (ISTR) Stock Price Independence Contract Drilling Inc (ICD) Announces Earnings Results Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance MGM Resorts International (MGM) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.12 EPS Dynex Capital Inc (DX) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Crane Co.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CR) Brokers Offer Predictions for Bloomin' Brands Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (BLMN) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Dolby Laboratories, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (DLB) Analysts Anticipate HealthSouth Corp (HLS) to Announce $0.68 EPS Zafgen Inc (ZFGN) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.43 Per Share Deutsche Bank AG Raises Precision Drilling Corp (PDS) Price Target to $10.00 April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Precision Drilling Corp (NYSE:PDS) (TSE:PD) had its price objective increased by Deutsche Bank AG from $8.00 to $10.00 in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the oil and gas company’s stock. Several other research analysts have also commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Precision Drilling Corp from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $6.50 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered shares of Precision Drilling Corp from a market perform rating to an underperform rating in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Piper Jaffray Companies upgraded shares of Precision Drilling Corp from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $7.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Precision Drilling Corp from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded shares of Precision Drilling Corp from an underperform rating to a neutral rating and increased their price target for the stock from $4.25 to $6.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $7.11. Shares of Precision Drilling Corp (NYSE:PDS) traded down 2.46% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $3.97. 1,096,024 shares of the stock were exchanged. Precision Drilling Corp has a 12-month low of $3.51 and a 12-month high of $6.25. The firm’s market cap is $1.16 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $4.56 and its 200 day moving average is $5.04. Precision Drilling Corp (NYSE:PDS) last released its earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The oil and gas company reported ($0.06) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.11) by $0.05. Precision Drilling Corp had a negative net margin of 16.58% and a negative return on equity of 8.01%. The company earned $346.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $345.06 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.07) EPS. The company’s revenue was up 14.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Precision Drilling Corp will post ($0.30) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Deutsche Bank AG Raises Precision Drilling Corp (PDS) Price Target to $10.00” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/deutsche-bank-ag-raises-precision-drilling-corp-pds-price-target-to-10-00.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. 1832 Asset Management L.P. raised its position in Precision Drilling Corp by 130.1% in the third quarter. 1832 Asset Management L.P. now owns 22,016,410 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $91,968,000 after buying an additional 12,446,668 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Precision Drilling Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $22,327,000. Systematic Financial Management LP raised its position in Precision Drilling Corp by 21.0% in the fourth quarter. Systematic Financial Management LP now owns 14,292,223 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $77,893,000 after buying an additional 2,482,497 shares during the last quarter. Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. raised its position in Precision Drilling Corp by 86.7% in the first quarter. Dalton Greiner Hartman Maher & Co. now owns 5,307,967 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $25,054,000 after buying an additional 2,465,322 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Precocity Capital LP purchased a new position in Precision Drilling Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $8,175,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.77% of the company’s stock. About Precision Drilling Corp Precision Drilling Corporation (Precision) is an oilfield services company. The Company provides onshore drilling and completion and production services to exploration and production companies in the oil and natural gas industry. The Company operates through two segments: Contract Drilling Services, and Completion and Production Services. Receive News & Ratings for Precision Drilling Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Precision Drilling Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Sunoco LP (SUN) Raised to Neutral at Citigroup Inc Sonoco Products Co (SON) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Wedbush Reaffirms Underperform Rating for PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Boston Beer Company Inc (SAM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Underperform” Rating for Transocean LTD (RIG) Sanofi SA (SNY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fortescue Metals G (FSUGY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages J M Smucker Co (SJM) Earns Neutral Rating from Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Kayne Anderson Energy Development Co. (KED) Stake Increased by Sit Investment Associates Inc. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Takes Position in Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Insider Buying: Royal Hawaiian Orchards LP (NNUTU) Major Shareholder Purchases $10,143.00 in Stock James J. Filler Purchases 205 Shares of Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Stock United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Position Decreased by First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. 45,475 Shares in Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Acquired by First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Sit Investment Associates Inc. Acquires 2,975 Shares of Apogee Enterprises Inc (APOG) Northpointe Capital LLC Has $2.973 Million Stake in Terex Co. (TEX) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Invests $525,000 in Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Stake Decreased by Sit Investment Associates Inc. Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $2.063 Million Position in Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Sanofi SA (SNY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Sanofi’s focus on streamlining its business and pursuing business development deals is encouraging. Meanwhile, Sanofi has several new products in its portfolio and candidates in its pipeline that can contribute to long-term growth. Products like Toujeo, Aubagio and Lemtrada are likely to continue doing well. Moreover, Sanofi’s shares surpassed that of large-cap pharma industry this year so far. Estimates have risen slightly ahead of the company’s Q1 earnings release. The company has a positive record of earnings surprises in the recent quarters. However, headwinds include a bleak outlook for the Diabetes franchise, generic competition for many drugs and slower-than-expected uptake of new products like Praluent.” Several other research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. HSBC Holdings plc lowered shares of Sanofi SA from a hold rating to a reduce rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Argus began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. They issued a buy rating and a $50.00 price target on the stock. Liberum Capital began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. They issued a hold rating on the stock. Finally, Barclays PLC began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued an underweight rating on the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Sanofi SA currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $62.75. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) traded up 0.26% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $47.03. 1,169,507 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $118.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.17 and a beta of 0.98. The company’s 50-day moving average is $44.93 and its 200-day moving average is $41.56. Sanofi SA has a one year low of $36.81 and a one year high of $47.52. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.67 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.01. Sanofi SA had a net margin of 13.66% and a return on equity of 26.37%. The business had revenue of $8.88 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.87 billion. The business’s revenue was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Sanofi SA will post $3.00 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/sanofi-sa-sny-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. The business also recently declared an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a $1.5771 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a yield of 3.65%. This is a positive change from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. Sanofi SA’s payout ratio is presently 54.90%. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. St. James Investment Company LLC raised its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 2.9% in the third quarter. St. James Investment Company LLC now owns 1,399,008 shares of the company’s stock worth $53,428,000 after buying an additional 39,447 shares during the last quarter. Argentus Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Sanofi SA by 2.5% in the third quarter. Argentus Capital Management LLC now owns 13,673 shares of the company’s stock worth $522,000 after buying an additional 335 shares during the period. Oxbow Advisors LLC increased its stake in Sanofi SA by 0.3% in the third quarter. Oxbow Advisors LLC now owns 84,015 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,210,000 after buying an additional 220 shares during the period. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. increased its stake in Sanofi SA by 5.1% in the third quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. now owns 268,709 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,262,000 after buying an additional 12,996 shares during the period. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Sanofi SA by 30.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,973,784 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,760,000 after buying an additional 938,683 shares during the period. 9.63% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Sanofi SA (SNY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
rueyxtatwrusxcwysxrbq Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 4 + 2? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 4 + 2? Email for new password What is 4 + 2? Home » FA Online » FA News » A Dodd-Frank Fight With Billions At Stake Spurs GOP Friction April 29, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Morningstar Conference 2017 TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share A Dodd-Frank Fight With Billions At Stake Spurs GOP Friction April 28, 2017 • Elizabeth Dexheimer Loading Other Articles... Republicans’ latest effort to kill a Dodd-Frank provision that has cost banks billions of dollars is running into trouble. At issue is part of the 2010 law that limits how much money banks can collect from retailers when consumers use their debit cards. House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling wants to get rid of the fee cap now that Republicans control Congress and the White House. But he’s facing resistance from other GOP lawmakers who either don’t agree with him or don’t want to pick sides in a high-stakes fight between corporate titans. Banks such as JPMorgan Chase & Co. have argued for years that it’s not the government’s role to set charges. Retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. counter that lower transaction fees lead to lower prices. The fight is coming to a head with the financial services panel set to vote on a Hensarling bill next week that would overhaul much of the Dodd-Frank Act. While Republicans are eager to start the process of rolling back post-crisis financial rules, some aren’t thrilled that Hensarling’s legislation would overturn the cap on card fees. ‘Most Contentious’ The issue is “probably the single most contentious portion of the bill,” Hensarling, a Texas Republican, told reporters on Thursday. “There is wholesale enthusiasm on our side of the aisle for pretty much every other aspect.” The so-called swipe fees, also known as interchange fees, are set by Visa Inc. and Mastercard Inc., but most of the money goes to banks. The limit on debit card fees, known as the Durbin amendment because Illinois Senator Dick Durbin inserted it in Dodd-Frank, has cost lenders an estimated $9 billion in revenue, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. And while other aspects of Dodd-Frank often get more attention -- such as the Volcker Rule restriction on banks’ trading -- card fees have probably drawn the most aggressive lobbying by lenders. Retailers also have spent millions to keep the fee cap intact. Stuck in the middle are politicians who would prefer cordial relations, and campaign contributions, from both industries. Now, it’s up to Hensarling to decide whether to remove the repeal of Durbin from his bill, cut a deal with Republicans who support the swipe-fee cap, or risk forcing lawmakers to vote on the issue. Individual Republicans might have to show where they stand if an amendment is offered when Hensarling’s committee votes on his legislation or when the entire House of Representatives takes it up later on. A Longshot It remains a longshot that the politically-divided Congress will approve any major financial services legislation, because most bills require 60 votes to pass the Senate. But if banks fail to get a repeal of the Durbin amendment through the House, it would mark a major setback. U.S. Representative Dennis Ross from Florida is among Republicans who support the debit-fee cap and want its repeal removed from Hensarling’s bill. “I’m not sure what the end game is for the chairman yet, we’re still working through it," Ross, who’s a member of the Financial Services panel, said in an interview. “I’m not alone in my concern. It may be that this Durbin amendment when it gets to the floor, maybe it will bog down the bill." Hensarling said he’s confident his plan to overhaul Dodd-Frank, known as the Financial Choice Act, will prevail regardless of how lawmakers resolve the debate over swipe fees. Warren Testimony House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin said this week that he will seek a vote on the Choice Act “as quickly as possible” once it gets through Hensarling’s committee. Democrats have labeled Hensarling’s bill a gift to banks, and expressed their opposition at a Friday hearing. Senator Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat who is one of Wall Street’s most relentless critics, testified, calling the GOP legislation a "589-page insult to working families" that would only make "big-time" lobbyists happy. Only two Republican lawmakers were present when the hearing started. This article was provided by Bloomberg News. To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you agree with President Trump's proposal to cut all business income taxes to 15%? Yes, it would stimulate growth No, it would inflate the deficit View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Steve Brown Another hotel tower is in the works for Plano's $3 billion Legacy West Filed under Real Estate at 15 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Plano's $3 billion Legacy West development isn't finished growing. A project on the way will add a second hotel for visitors to the mixed-use development. Investor Sam Moon Group plans to build a boutique hotel in the Legacy West Urban Village on Headquarters Drive at Communications Parkway. Legacy West's 29-story tower will bring a taste of Uptown to Plano The planned hotel will be across the street from Liberty Mutual Insurance's huge new corporate campus at Legacy West. JPMorgan Chase's campus is in the next block. The two office projects will employ more than 10,000 people. "The new hotel will be a 12-story, 170-room Marriott Autograph Collection Hotel," said Legacy West developer Fehmi Karahan. Marriott's Autograph Collection features luxury boutique hotels. Downtown Dallas' historic Adolphus Hotel is operated in the Autograph brand. And a resort and conference hotel on the way in McKinney will fly the Autograph flag. See the big stuff coming to Plano’s Legacy West from apartment towers to business campuses Sam Moon Group is wrapping up construction on a 15-story, 300-room Renaissance Hotel at the south end of Legacy West Urban Village on Legacy Drive. The new Renaissance Hotel and the surrounding retail and restaurant complex are scheduled to open next month. With the number of workers in the Legacy West area expected to reach about 20,000 by the end of next year, hotel developers are scouting West Plano for opportunities. Several hotels are on the way just north of State Highway 121 in Frisco. The 15-story Renaissance Hotel in Legacy West opens in June. Steve Brown/Staff Subscribe to our new weekly real estate newsletter.  View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Plano Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Op-Ed: U.S. first quarter of 2017 GDP expansion very weak Listen | Print By Ken Hanly     15 hours ago in Business The U.S. economy slowed to its lowest growth rate in three years. Consumer spending was at a very low growth pace with lower auto sales which offset a rise in oil drilling and housing investment. Gross domestic product (GDP) rose just 0.7 percent during the quarter at an annualized rate. In the prior quarter the growth rate was 2.1 percent. A median of various analyst's forecasts was 1.0 percent. The largest part of the economy consumer spending rose by only 0.3 percent the worst performance since 2009. Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist for JP Morgan Chase & Co. said: “There’s reason to think that some of the things that were weak in the first quarter should reverse in the second quarter, in particular consumption and inventories. Labor income is starting to pick up and actually keeping consumer spending pretty well supported.” Federal Reserve policy makers will probably still raise interest rates in the coming months as many economists see the weak growth as a blip rather than a sign of stagnation. Since 2000 expansion in the first quarter of each year has been recorded as weaker than the other three quarters. In first quarters average expansion has been only one percent compared to 2.2 percent in the other three quarters. Analysts estimates of growth are from 2.2 percent to 2.3 percent through 2019 whereas Trump projects a more optimistic three to four percent growth on a sustained basis. The range of individual economist's's forecasts for 2017 were from zero to 2.2 percent. Disposable personal income was rising at a slow one percent rate last quarter the slowest growth since the fourth quarter of 2013. Even though the jobless rate is low and there is hiring an increase in wages is needed to promote consumer spending. Government spending decreased 1.7 percent taking away 0.3 percent from growth. Prices rose 2.3 percent during first quarter eating away at what the consumer dollar buys. As I write this, the Dow Jones is down slightly, but still at 20,965 not far from the 21,000 mark. S&P 500 was almost flat and Nasdaq was up marginally. As the price of oil rose, the Toronto S&P/TSX added almost one hundred points. After strong growth in January, the Canadian economy was almost flat in February but this was as predicted. After a fifth straight month of gains, global markets appear to be ending the month sluggishly. This was not helped by Trump's continued complaints about NAFTA and now a free trade pact with South Korea. Saturday marks Trump's 100th day in office. Kiran Kowshik, an investment strategist at Unicredit, said: "Trump is reaching the 100 day mark with nothing to show for it and these recent comments just coincide with that. They (the U.S. administration) are finding it hard to push through fiscal plans and all this rhetoric is probably related." The mood in Europe was still relatively optimistic as data on output in several countries was positive and many were relieved after it became clear that the right-wing anti-Europe Le Pen would not likely win. Back in early February, Nouriel Roubini, Dr. Doom, predicted that the stock market honeymoon with Donald Trump would soon be over. It may not be over but it is certainly paused and the market was not impressed by Trump's release of his tax plan which was short of details and regarded by many as unrealistic. It may be an uphill battle to shape the plan so as to pass through congress. This opinion article was written by an independent writer. The opinions and views expressed herein are those of the author and are not necessarily intended to reflect those of DigitalJournal.com More about us economic growth, Donald trump, Global economic growth More news from us economic growth Donald trump Global economic grow... Latest News Top News First direct London-China train completes 12,000 km run Arsenic in drinking water linked to cancer in India (Part 1) Environmental damage posed by Atlantic Coast Pipeline revealed China set for win at Southeast Asian summit Strong 7.2 magnitude earthquake rocks Sarangani Philippines N.Korea fires missile, defying US push for new sanctions Britain steps up fight against dirty London property Turkish army, Syrian Kurdish militia in new clashes: army Op-Ed: Looks like Adani's Carmichael Mine will become a 'white elephant' Review: John Mellencamp triumphs at iHeartRadio Theater in New York Special Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Earns Market Perform Rating from Sanford C. Bernstein Insider Selling: Quest Resource Holding Corp (QRHC) Director Sells $24,158.00 in Stock Heritage Financial Corp (HFWA) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Ian Rogers Sells 2,749 Shares of Lindblad Expeditions Holdings Inc. (LIND) Stock Zacks Investment Research Lowers Adient PLC (ADNT) to Hold Alder Biopharmaceuticals’ (ALDR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Aegis Zacks Investment Research Lowers Astronics Co. (ATRO) to Sell Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) PT Raised to C$50.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Digital Turbine Inc (APPS) Lifted to Buy at Craig Hallum Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Given “Buy” Rating at JMP Securities BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Independent Research GmbH Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Indx Target of Unusually High Options Trading (EEM) Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Stake Maintained by Manchester Capital Management LLC ProShare Advisors LLC Has $9.654 Million Stake in Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) ProShare Advisors LLC Has $8.19 Million Stake in Discover Financial Services (DFS) ProShare Advisors LLC Buys 37,042 Shares of Sonoco Products Co (SON) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a note issued to investors on Friday. Several other research firms have also issued reports on GOOG. Needham & Company LLC increased their target price on shares of Alphabet from $935.00 to $1,050.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday. Cantor Fitzgerald reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. Finally, Atlantic Securities reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and forty-one have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $958.98. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded up 4.29% during trading on Friday, reaching $911.79. The company had a trading volume of 1,720,962 shares. Alphabet has a 52 week low of $663.28 and a 52 week high of $916.85. The firm has a market capitalization of $630.43 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.71 and a beta of 0.94. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $837.88 and a 200 day moving average price of $805.80. Alphabet also was the target of unusually large options trading activity on Thursday. Traders purchased 1,387 put options on the stock. This is an increase of 102% compared to the typical daily volume of 688 put options. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $7.38 by $0.35. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The business had revenue of $24.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.18 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $7.50 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Alphabet will post $33.26 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/alphabet-inc-goog-rating-reiterated-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. In other news, SVP David C. Drummond sold 2,000 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction on Monday, February 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $826.85, for a total transaction of $1,653,700.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 6,800 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,622,580. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Lawrence Page sold 33,340 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $812.80, for a total transaction of $27,098,752.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 30,670 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $24,928,576. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 281,688 shares of company stock valued at $229,255,327. Corporate insiders own 13.92% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 2.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 12,030,811 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $9,285,625,000 after buying an additional 290,691 shares during the period. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 0.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 9,831,305 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $7,641,775,000 after buying an additional 65,873 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 1.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 7,897,508 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $6,138,654,000 after buying an additional 138,807 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 0.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 4,058,328 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $3,154,497,000 after buying an additional 27,472 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 3.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,883,226 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $3,018,393,000 after buying an additional 117,242 shares during the period. 34.74% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Old Mutual plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Old Mutual plc (OML) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages REDW Stanley Financial Advisors LLC Has $455,000 Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) International Paper Co (IP) Shares Bought by Korea Investment CORP Trimble Inc (TRMB) Position Decreased by PGGM Investments Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for Apollo Investment Corp. (AINV) ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research PGGM Investments Has $30.545 Million Position in CME Group Inc (CME) Reik & CO. LLC Holds Position in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Korea Investment CORP Lowers Stake in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Korea Investment CORP Boosts Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS) Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Position Cut by PGGM Investments DZ Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Aixtron Se (AIXG) Korea Investment CORP Has $19.151 Million Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Orange SA (ORA) Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Shares Sold by PGGM Investments Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Announces Earnings Results CONMED Co. (CNMD) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Washington Prime Group Inc (WPG) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Somewhat Negative News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) Stock Price Neustar (NSR) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Finds Old Mutual plc (OML) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Old Mutual plc (LON:OML) have received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the seven brokerages that are currently covering the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1 year target price among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 211.40 ($2.70). A number of analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Old Mutual plc in a research note on Friday. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 240 ($3.07) price target on shares of Old Mutual plc in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Royal Bank of Canada increased their price target on shares of Old Mutual plc from GBX 160 ($2.05) to GBX 180 ($2.30) and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Old Mutual plc to an “overweight” rating and increased their price target for the stock from GBX 220 ($2.81) to GBX 236 ($3.02) in a research note on Friday, January 27th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Old Mutual plc (OML) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/old-mutual-plc-oml-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Old Mutual plc (LON:OML) traded down 0.61% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting GBX 194.30. 3,125,996 shares of the stock were exchanged. Old Mutual plc has a one year low of GBX 163.90 and a one year high of GBX 229.84. The company’s market cap is GBX 9.10 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 207.82 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 204.00. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be paid a dividend of GBX 3.39 ($0.04) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. This represents a yield of 1.51%. This is a boost from Old Mutual plc’s previous dividend of $2.67. Old Mutual plc Company Profile Old Mutual plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company’s business activities include life assurance, asset management business, banking, and property and casualty The Company’s segments include Emerging Markets, Nedbank, Old Mutual Wealth and Institutional Asset Management. The Other segment includes central activities. Receive News & Ratings for Old Mutual plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Sat 29 Apr companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era wef africa - durban 2017 trump's america NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Barclays disappoints with results International | 28 April 2017 Stephen Morris London - Barclays became the latest European bank to post disappointing first-quarter trading results that failed to live up to the gains American firms reported. The firm posted a surprise drop in fixed-income trading revenue, in contrast with a collective 24 percent jump achieved by its five largest American counterparts. Income from equities, the other main trading business, also fell more than expected. Share this story File image CEO Jes Staley, 60, has thrown his weight behind the investment bank in London and New York, arguing a securities unit is a valuable counterbalance to its more profitable retail and credit card businesses. Capturing market share from European peers that are retreating from some markets would help the unit boost its returns. “We didn’t have the uptick that a number of the US banks did,” Staley said in a Bloomberg Television interview. “We could have done a little better on the US rates side, but we’re not going to make any judgments on one quarter.”  The trading performance marked the first quarter under Tim Throsby, who was poached from JPMorgan Chase & Co last year to help turn around the investment bank. Staley has touted the need for Europe to have a successful investment bank based in the region, as American firms have seized share in the trading and merger advisory businesses in recent years. Read also: Barclays to pay R13bn to split from African business Fixed-income trading dropped 1 percent, while the equities business fell 10 percent. Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg News had expected Barclays’s fixed income revenue to rise 17 percent, while the equities unit was forecast to slump 5 percent, according to the average of four estimates. Trading typically accounts for about a quarter of the firm’s revenue. Any progress Staley has made turning around the British lender risks being overshadowed by his attempts to unmask an anonymous whistle-blower in violation of company policy, revealed two weeks ago when the board reprimanded the CEO and reported him to regulators. Staley may forfeit his entire 1.3 million-pound 2016 bonus over the scandal and could lose his job if regulatory investigations deem him unfit to run a bank. “The full board of the bank did its review and voted unanimously to support me,” Staley said in the television interview. Barclays’s pretax profit more than doubled to 1.68 billion pounds, Barclays said in a statement Friday. Five analysts surveyed by Bloomberg had estimated pretax profit of 1.51 billion pounds. Total revenue climbed 16 percent to 5.82 billion pounds, exceeding analysts’ 5.67 billion-pound forecast. Bloomberg Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 'SA paying the price for backing Mugabe' 2 Spur apologises for its response to racist spat 3 WATCH: Zanrie struggles to walk after HPV shot 4 Africa's newest apocalypse 5 Zuma refuses to hand over 'intelligence report' Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sirius Minerals PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sirius Minerals PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Lumos Networks Corp (LMOS) to “Buy” Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for NCC Group PLC (NCC) Savills plc (SVS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Peel Hunt Pennon Group plc (PNN) Rating Reiterated by HSBC Holdings plc Peel Hunt Upgrades Redefine International PLC (RDI) to Buy Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Sirius Minerals PLC (SXX) Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact ChannelAdvisor Corp (ECOM) Share Price Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Increases Dividend to $0.21 Per Share Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.13 EPS Emergent Capital (EMG) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.49 Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Commercial Vehicle Group (CVGI) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.50 OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Sussex Bancorp (SBBX) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.06 Per Share Dudley & Shanley LLC Sells 250 Shares of Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Stake Increased by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Colin Stretch Sells 750 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Sirius Minerals PLC (SXX) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Sirius Minerals PLC (LON:SXX)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at Shore Capital in a research note issued on Wednesday. Several other research analysts have also recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Sirius Minerals PLC in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. They set an “overweight” rating and a GBX 40 ($0.51) target price on the stock. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 60 ($0.77) target price on shares of Sirius Minerals PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. Sirius Minerals PLC currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 40 ($0.51). Sirius Minerals PLC (LON:SXX) traded down 0.481% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 25.875. The stock had a trading volume of 32,505,607 shares. Sirius Minerals PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 14.22 and a 1-year high of GBX 52.50. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 21.08 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 21.71. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.08 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Sirius Minerals PLC (SXX)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/shore-capital-reiterates-buy-rating-for-sirius-minerals-plc-sxx.html. Sirius Minerals PLC Company Profile Sirius Mineral Plc is a United Kingdom-based resource development company. The Company is focused on the development of a polyhalite deposit located in North Yorkshire, the United Kingdom. The Company’s focus is on developing a multi-nutrient product, POLY4, to be used as a direct-application fertilizer and as a component in nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium (NPK) blending. Receive News & Ratings for Sirius Minerals PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sirius Minerals PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Redefine International PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Redefine International PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Lumos Networks Corp (LMOS) to “Buy” Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for NCC Group PLC (NCC) Savills plc (SVS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Peel Hunt Pennon Group plc (PNN) Rating Reiterated by HSBC Holdings plc Peel Hunt Upgrades Redefine International PLC (RDI) to Buy Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Sirius Minerals PLC (SXX) Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact ChannelAdvisor Corp (ECOM) Share Price Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Increases Dividend to $0.21 Per Share Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.13 EPS Emergent Capital (EMG) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.49 Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Commercial Vehicle Group (CVGI) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.50 OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Sussex Bancorp (SBBX) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.06 Per Share Dudley & Shanley LLC Sells 250 Shares of Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Stake Increased by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Colin Stretch Sells 750 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Peel Hunt Upgrades Redefine International PLC (RDI) to Buy April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Redefine International PLC (LON:RDI) was upgraded by equities research analysts at Peel Hunt to a “buy” rating in a research note issued on Wednesday. The brokerage presently has a GBX 48 ($0.61) target price on the stock. Peel Hunt’s target price indicates a potential upside of 24.58% from the company’s previous close. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their price objective on shares of Redefine International PLC from GBX 44 ($0.56) to GBX 43 ($0.55) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Redefine International PLC (LON:RDI) traded down 0.39% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 38.38. 3,474,389 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s market cap is GBX 688.77 million. Redefine International PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 34.39 and a 52-week high of GBX 38.63. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 0.37 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 0.39. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a GBX 1.30 ($0.02) dividend. This represents a yield of 3.4%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. WARNING: “Peel Hunt Upgrades Redefine International PLC (RDI) to Buy” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/peel-hunt-upgrades-redefine-international-plc-rdi-to-buy.html. In other Redefine International PLC news, insider Donald Grant acquired 50,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 24th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 36 ($0.46) per share, with a total value of £18,000 ($23,012.02). Redefine International PLC Company Profile Redefine International P.L.C. is a United Kingdom-based real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s segments include UK Retail, UK Hotels, UK Commercial, Europe and Other. The UK Retail segment consists of approximately six shopping centers and over five retail parks. The UK Hotels segment consists of approximately eight hotels in Greater London and South East, England and over one hotel in Edinburgh, Scotland, and holds interests in Redefine BDL Hotel Group Limited, which leases and manages its hotel properties except for the Enfield Travelodge. Receive News & Ratings for Redefine International PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Redefine International PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) to Sell Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Corporate Office Properties Trust (OFC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.74 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Hess Corp. (HES) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.96 Per Share Persimmon plc (PSN) Price Target Increased to GBX 2,530 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Taylor Morrison Home Corp (TMHC) Price Target Raised to $23.00 at FBR & Co Foresight Energy LP (FELP) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.01 Per Share President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Five Point Holdings Plans $399 Million IPO for May 10th (FPH) Short Interest in Nutanix Inc (NTNX) Declines By 13.0% Time Warner Inc (TWX) Shares Sold by Nationwide Fund Advisors CDK Global Inc (CDK) Stake Lowered by Nationwide Fund Advisors Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for American Airlines Group (AAL) CAPROCK Group Inc. Acquires 662 Shares of Time Warner Inc (TWX) Monsanto Company (MON) Shares Sold by Nationwide Fund Advisors Cowen and Company Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Cree, Inc. (CREE) Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Minerals Technologies Inc. is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets worldwide a broad range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and related systems and services. The Company has five reportable segments: Specialty Minerals, Refractories, Performance Materials, Construction Technologies and Energy Services. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Minerals Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Friday, March 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Shares of Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) traded down 0.37% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $79.90. 4,821 shares of the company traded hands. Minerals Technologies has a 12 month low of $51.29 and a 12 month high of $83.85. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.80 billion, a PE ratio of 21.08 and a beta of 2.04. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $75.33 and a 200-day moving average price of $76.07. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The basic materials company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.05 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $401.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $393.05 million. Minerals Technologies had a net margin of 8.14% and a return on equity of 15.57%. Minerals Technologies’s quarterly revenue was down 6.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.00 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Minerals Technologies will post $4.75 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/minerals-technologies-inc-mtx-rating-increased-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Minerals Technologies news, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 7,373 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.18, for a total transaction of $576,421.14. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 31,355 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,451,333.90. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 790 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.08, for a total transaction of $62,473.20. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 31,554 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,495,290.32. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 3.70% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MTX. Elkfork Partners LLC bought a new position in Minerals Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $116,000. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in Minerals Technologies by 8.1% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,237 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $158,000 after buying an additional 168 shares during the last quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Minerals Technologies by 7.4% in the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC now owns 2,482 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $190,000 after buying an additional 170 shares during the last quarter. Oakbrook Investments LLC bought a new position in Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $205,000. Finally, Two Sigma Securities LLC bought a new position in Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $206,000. 96.28% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Minerals Technologies Company Profile Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services around the world. It operates through five segments. The Specialty Minerals produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC) and processed mineral product quicklime (lime). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Minerals Technologies (MTX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance OSI Systems Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for OSI Systems Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact ChannelAdvisor Corp (ECOM) Share Price Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Increases Dividend to $0.21 Per Share Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.13 EPS Emergent Capital (EMG) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.49 Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Commercial Vehicle Group (CVGI) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.50 OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Sussex Bancorp (SBBX) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.06 Per Share Dudley & Shanley LLC Sells 250 Shares of Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Stake Increased by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Colin Stretch Sells 750 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Stock American Tower Corp (AMT) is Taylor Wealth Management Partners’ Largest Position Kellogg Company (K) Stake Boosted by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. PCSB Financial Co. (PCSB) VP Buys $158,150.00 in Stock Biogen Inc (BIIB) Stake Increased by Nicolet Bankshares Inc. Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Shares Sold by Aull & Monroe Investment Management Corp Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) to Sell OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet OSI Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSIS) released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday. The technology company reported $0.85 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.80 by $0.05. The company earned $245.15 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $244.35 million. OSI Systems had a return on equity of 8.41% and a net margin of 2.32%. OSI Systems’s quarterly revenue was up 16.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.64 EPS. Shares of OSI Systems (NASDAQ:OSIS) traded down 1.13% on Friday, reaching $77.25. The company had a trading volume of 55,805 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 73.15 and a beta of 0.77. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $71.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $73.19. OSI Systems has a 1-year low of $48.82 and a 1-year high of $81.55. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/osi-systems-inc-osis-releases-quarterly-earnings-results-beats-expectations-by-0-05-eps.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of OSI Systems during the third quarter valued at approximately $20,679,000. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 3.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 391,254 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $29,781,000 after buying an additional 13,526 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 41.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 49,193 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $3,216,000 after buying an additional 14,380 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 9.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,213,852 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $79,362,000 after buying an additional 106,576 shares during the period. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of OSI Systems during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,728,000. 95.42% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. OSIS has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised OSI Systems from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $89.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 target price on shares of OSI Systems in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $85.00 target price on OSI Systems and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $79.43. About OSI Systems OSI Systems, Inc, through its subsidiaries, is a vertically integrated designer and manufacturer of specialized electronic systems and components for critical applications. The Company sells its products and provides related services in diversified markets, including homeland security, healthcare, defense and aerospace. Receive News & Ratings for OSI Systems Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for OSI Systems Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Competitiveness > US Economy Expands at Slowest Pace in Three Years US Economy Expands at Slowest Pace in Three Years Apr 28, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Nonresidential fixed investment, or spending on equipment, structures and intellectual property fared better,  increasing at a 9.4% annualized pace, the fastest since 2013. Advertisement The U.S. economy expanded at the slowest pace in three years in the first quarter as weak auto sales and lower home-heating bills dragged down consumer spending, offsetting a pickup in investment led by housing and oil drilling. Gross domestic product, the value of all goods and services produced, rose at a 0.7% annualized rate after advancing 2.1% in the prior quarter, Commerce Department data showed Friday in Washington. The median forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg called for a 1% gain. Consumer spending, the biggest part of the economy, rose 0.3%, the worst performance since 2009. The GDP slowdown owes partly to transitory forces such as warm weather and volatility in inventories, which supports forecasts for a rebound as high confidence among companies and consumers and a solid job market underpin growth. Even so, the weakness at car dealers could weigh on expansion, and further gains in business investment could depend on the extent of policy support such as tax cuts. “There’s reason to think that some of the things that were weak in the first quarter should reverse in the second quarter, in particular consumption and inventories,” Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said before the report. “Labor income is starting to pick up and actually keeping consumer spending pretty well supported.” Popular Now Tool and Dying: Auto Leaders, From Ford to FCA, Brainstorm on Saving the Shops that Sustain Them Five Elements to Include in a Compelling Business Case Top 25 Supply Chains of 2015 The data are unlikely to dissuade Federal Reserve policy makers from raising interest rates in the coming months. Economists were largely expecting a weak growth figure, calling it a blip and not a sign of stagnation. Analysts have pointed to issues with the Commerce Department’s seasonal adjustment of growth data: Since 2000, expansion in the first quarter of each year has averaged 1%, compared with 2.2% for the rest of each year, according to Wells Fargo Securities. Skeptical of Trump Growth Goal Though the first-quarter figure isn’t a verdict on President Donald Trump’s policies, economists are generally skeptical that growth will reach his goal of 3% to 4% on a sustained basis. Analysts’ estimates indicate just 2.2% to 2.3% annual growth through 2019, a tad above the average pace during the almost eight-year expansion. During the first quarter, a chief driver of growth was private, fixed nonresidential investment, which contributed 1.12 percentage point to expansion, led by a record increase in mining exploration, shafts and wells, a category that includes oil structures. Residential investment added 0.5 point to growth. The change in inventories, one of the most volatile parts of the GDP calculation, subtracted 0.93 percentage point from growth, following a 1.01% gain. Trade, also volatile from quarter to quarter, contributed 0.07 point after a 1.82 point drag in the previous period. Economists’ forecasts for overall growth ranged from zero to 2.2%. The GDP estimate is the first of three for the quarter, with the other releases scheduled for May and June when more information becomes available. The 0.3% growth in household consumption, which accounts for about 70% of the economy, followed a 3.5% jump from October to December. The median forecast in the Bloomberg survey called for 0.9%, and purchases added 0.23 percentage point to first-quarter growth. While some of the slowdown may be temporary, inflation is eating into consumers’ wallets. Real disposable personal income rose at a 1% pace in the period, the weakest since the fourth quarter of 2013. Even though hiring has been humming along and the jobless rate of 4.5% is the lowest in almost a decade, a sustained pickup in wage growth would help boost consumers’ ability to spend. Business Investment Nonresidential fixed investment, or spending on equipment, structures and intellectual property, increased at a 9.4% annualized pace, the fastest since 2013. It grew at a 0.9% rate in the previous quarter. Among the details, equipment spending advanced 9.1%, a two-year high, while investment in nonresidential structures, including office buildings and factories, surged 22.1% after dropping 1.9% in the prior quarter. Residential spending increased at a 13.7% annualized rate, the most since the second quarter of 2015, compared with the prior quarter’s advance of 9.6%. Trade added slightly to growth, as exports increased by more than imports during the quarter. Final sales to private domestic purchasers -- which strip out government agencies, inventories and trade -- rose at a 2.2% pace after a 3.4% advance. Government spending fared worse, decreasing 1.7% and taking away 0.3 percentage point from growth. State and local outlays fell at a 1.6% annualized rate, while spending by federal agencies dropped at a 1.9% pace. The report also showed price pressures were picking up. The GDP price index rose 2.3% in the first quarter. A measure of inflation tied to consumer spending and excluding volatile food and energy costs was up 2%, the fastest in four quarters. By Shobhana Chandra Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles China Industrial Profits Increase at Slowest Pace in a Year US Manufacturing Growth at Slowest Rate in Nearly 2 Years British Economy Grows At Slowest Annual Pace In 12 Years India Car Sales Grow at Slowest Pace in 2 Years India's March Industrial Output Grows at Slowest Pace in Six Years THE LATEST When Your Biggest Customers Want More, Maybe Say ‘No’ How to Keep Your Supply Chain From Killing You, Part 1 Big Oil Is Back: Exxon, Chevron Triumph in Crude Resurgence Brewing Better Supplier Relationships at Keurig How Universities and Talent are Turning North Carolina into a 3D Printing Hub UTC Aerostructures' Workforce Puts a Positive Spin on Continuous Improvement More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Apr 28, 2017 News Brewing Better Supplier Relationships at Keurig The coffee maker’s director of procurement talks about making volunteerism mean more than a hill of beans....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek What You Need to Know About 3-D Printing and Insurance Tool and Dying: Auto Leaders, From Ford to FCA, Brainstorm on Saving the Shops that Sustain Them The New Logistics Competition for the Last Mile Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership -- The Productivity Equations Ford Sharpening Sales Pitch as Driverless Car Wager Underwhelms IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Digital Efficiency -- Unlocking the Low-Carbon Economy What is Collaborative Manufacturing? Driving Speed and Quality in Your Enterprise How to Develop a Corporate Culture that Drives Operational Excellence Leverage Workforce Management to Drive Hourly Employee Engagement & Productivity View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing Priming the Pipeline Premier Integration Leveraging Modern Data Science for Competitive Advantage Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($1.80) Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Tennant Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (TNC) Biogen Inc (BIIB) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $3.86 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) PT Set at GBX 3,700 by Barclays PLC Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Price Target Cut to $52.00 Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Avery Dennison Corp Decreased by Analyst (AVY) Analysts Set Expectations for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ACHC) James Investment Research Inc. Sells 9,263 Shares of Murphy USA Inc (MUSA) POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Receives “Buy” Rating from Stifel Nicolaus PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research SouthCrest Financial Group Inc (SCSG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research James Investment Research Inc. Has $1.318 Million Position in National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Purchases New Stake in Immunomedics, Inc. (IMMU) The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research James Investment Research Inc. Purchases New Stake in Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Seacoast Banking Co. of Florida (SBCF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research James Investment Research Inc. Has $677,000 Position in PG&E Co. (PCG) 3,500 Shares in Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Acquired by James Investment Research Inc. James Investment Research Inc. Sells 87,090 Shares of Chubb Ltd (CB) Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Position Raised by Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($1.80) Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:AGIO) – Equities researchers at Oppenheimer Holdings increased their Q2 2017 EPS estimates for Agios Pharmaceuticals in a research note issued on Tuesday. Oppenheimer Holdings analyst L. Cann now anticipates that the biopharmaceutical company will earn ($1.80) per share for the quarter, up from their previous forecast of ($1.97). Oppenheimer Holdings currently has a “Buy” rating and a $75.00 target price on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings also issued estimates for Agios Pharmaceuticals’ Q3 2017 earnings at ($1.96) EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at ($1.95) EPS, FY2017 earnings at ($7.50) EPS, FY2018 earnings at ($5.39) EPS, FY2019 earnings at $0.24 EPS and FY2020 earnings at $4.09 EPS. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Cann upgraded Agios Pharmaceuticals from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $75.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Agios Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Cowen and Company restated a “buy” rating on shares of Agios Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $61.00 price target on shares of Agios Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, CIBC upgraded Agios Pharmaceuticals from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating, ten have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $63.49. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/agios-pharmaceuticals-inc-agio-to-post-q2-2017-earnings-of-1-80-per-share-oppenheimer-holdings-forecasts.html. Agios Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AGIO) opened at 51.10 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $53.28 and a 200-day moving average price of $50.35. Agios Pharmaceuticals has a 12-month low of $35.84 and a 12-month high of $67.74. The stock’s market cap is $2.16 billion. Agios Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AGIO) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.34) EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.51) by $0.17. Agios Pharmaceuticals had a negative return on equity of 53.39% and a negative net margin of 341.56%. The business had revenue of $22.65 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.89 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted ($1.08) EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 264.5% on a year-over-year basis. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in AGIO. Capital Fund Management S.A. raised its position in shares of Agios Pharmaceuticals by 220.0% in the third quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. now owns 95,510 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $5,045,000 after buying an additional 65,663 shares in the last quarter. Geduld E E purchased a new position in shares of Agios Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at approximately $792,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Agios Pharmaceuticals by 149.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 77,095 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $4,071,000 after buying an additional 46,213 shares in the last quarter. Swiss National Bank raised its position in shares of Agios Pharmaceuticals by 12.6% in the third quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 53,560 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,829,000 after buying an additional 6,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Monashee Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Agios Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at approximately $5,282,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 88.79% of the company’s stock. In other news, major shareholder Celgene European Investment Co purchased 624,575 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 24th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $49.50 per share, for a total transaction of $30,916,462.50. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Lewis Clayton Jr. Cantley sold 2,036 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $53.11, for a total value of $108,131.96. Following the transaction, the director now owns 94,769 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,033,181.59. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 445,791 shares of company stock valued at $22,197,388. Corporate insiders own 10.55% of the company’s stock. About Agios Pharmaceuticals Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company’s therapeutic areas of focus are cancer and rare genetic metabolic disorders, which are a group of over 600 rare genetic diseases caused by mutations, or defects, of single metabolic genes. The Company’s cancer product candidates are enasidenib and ivosidenib (AG-120), which target mutated isocitrate dehydrogenase 2 (IDH2) and isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 (IDH1), respectively, and AG-881, which targets both mutated IDH1 and mutated IDH2. Receive News & Ratings for Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Share Price pdvWireless (PDVW) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.39 Negative Press Coverage Likely to Affect KiOR (KIOR) Stock Price Time Warner Inc Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.40 (TWX) PCSB Financial Co. (PCSB) SVP Buys $200,000.00 in Stock Margherita D. Valle Acquires 981 Shares of Centrica PLC (CNA) Stock Towerview Llc Sells 4,039 Shares of Saga Communications, Inc. (SGA) Stock Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($1.80) Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Tennant Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (TNC) Biogen Inc (BIIB) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $3.86 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) PT Set at GBX 3,700 by Barclays PLC Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Price Target Cut to $52.00 Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Avery Dennison Corp Decreased by Analyst (AVY) Analysts Set Expectations for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ACHC) James Investment Research Inc. Sells 9,263 Shares of Murphy USA Inc (MUSA) POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Receives “Buy” Rating from Stifel Nicolaus PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research SouthCrest Financial Group Inc (SCSG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research James Investment Research Inc. Has $1.318 Million Position in National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Purchases New Stake in Immunomedics, Inc. (IMMU) Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Share Price April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) have trended somewhat negative recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. earned a media sentiment score of -0.20 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media coverage about the real estate investment trust an impact score of 91 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s analysis: Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Lowered by Boenning Scattergood (americanbankingnews.com) N.Korea accuses USA of aggravating regional tension (emfizz.com) Outrage Sparks In Berkley University Over Republican Speech Guest Ann Coulter (ibusinesslines.com) Payments from Russian Federation kept secret (eleganthomesinla.com) 13-Year-Old Ida Girl Dies After Running In Track Meet (naijaoversabi.com) A number of research firms have issued reports on PEI. TheStreet cut Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. downgraded shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have given a hold rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.80. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) traded down 1.20% on Friday, hitting $13.99. 60,813 shares of the stock were exchanged. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a 12 month low of $13.76 and a 12 month high of $25.67. The company has a 50-day moving average of $14.74 and a 200-day moving average of $17.78. The stock’s market cap is $928.78 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.02. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative return on equity of 3.62% and a negative net margin of 6.65%. The company earned $89.26 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $97.98 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.43 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 12.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.14) EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be issued a dividend of $0.21 per share. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 5.93%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 30th. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s payout ratio is -133.33%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/somewhat-critical-media-coverage-extremely-likely-to-impact-pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei-share-price.html. About Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s primary business is owning and operating retail shopping malls, which it does primarily through operating partnership, PREIT Associates, L.P. (PREIT Associates). Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
US economic growth slows | Bangkok Post: news News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More NEWS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY NEWS Homepage MOST RECENT Top stories POLITICS Crime General ASEAN WORLD SPORTS More WEATHER FORECAST HOT TOPICS SPECIAL REPORT SECURITY Transport Environment News > General US economic growth slows 28 Apr 2017 at 20:00 3,479 viewed0 comments WRITER: BLOOMBERG NEWS - + WASHINGTON: The US economy expanded at the slowest pace in three years in the first quarter as weak automobile sales and lower home-heating bills dragged down consumer spending, offsetting a pickup in investment led by housing and oil drilling. Gross domestic product, the value of all goods and services produced, rose at a 0.7% annualised rate after advancing 2.1% in the fourth quarter of last year, according to preliminary Commerce Department data released on Friday in Washington. Consumer spending, the biggest part of the economy, rose ust 0.3% year-on-year, the worst performance since 2009. The GDP slowdown was attributed partly to transitory forces such as warm weather and volatility in inventories, which supports forecasts for a rebound as high confidence among companies and consumers and a solid job market underpin growth. Even so, the weakness in car sales could weigh on expansion, and further gains in business investment could depend on the extent of policy support such as tax cuts. “There’s reason to think that some of the things that were weak in the first quarter should reverse in the second quarter, in particular consumption and inventories,” said Michael Feroli, chief US economist at JPMorgan Chase. “Labour income is starting to pick up and actually is keeping consumer spending pretty well supported.” The data are unlikely to dissuade Federal Reserve policymakers from raising interest rates in the coming months. Economists were largely expecting a weak growth figure, calling it a blip and not a sign of stagnation. Analysts have also pointed to issues with the Commerce Department’s seasonal adjustment of growth data: Since 2000, expansion in the first quarter of each year has averaged 1%, compared with 2.2% for the rest of each year, according to Wells Fargo Securities. Though the first-quarter figure isn’t a verdict on President Donald Trump’s policies, economists are generally sceptical that growth will reach his goal of 3% to 4% on a sustained basis. Analysts’ estimates call for just 2.2% to 2.3% annual growth through 2019, just above the average pace during the almost eight-year expansion. During the first quarter, a chief driver of growth was private, fixed non-residential investment, which contributed 1.12 percentage points to expansion, led by a record increase in mining exploration, shafts and wells, a category that includes oil structures. Residential investment added 0.5 points to growth. The change in inventories, one of the most volatile parts of the GDP calculation, subtracted 0.93 points from growth, following a 1.01% gain. Trade added slightly to growth, as exports increased by more than imports during the quarter. While some of the slowdown may be temporary, inflation is eating into consumers’ wallets. Real disposable personal income rose at a 1% pace in the first quarter of this year, the weakest since the fourth quarter of 2013. Even though hiring has been humming along and the jobless rate of 4.5% is the lowest in almost a decade, a sustained pickup in wage growth would help boost consumers’ ability to spend. TAGS US economy US employment RECOMMENDED STORIES US jobless claims near 44-year-low Indonesia stocks hit record high, Singapore near 20-month peak Southeast Asia stocks end higher on Trump relief US job gains build case for rate hike US economy slows in fourth quarter US trade deficit drops sharply in February US job growth slows SE Asia stocks upbeat as positive global sentiment spills over Officials seize, torch 21 tonnes of drug precursors Most Viewed 65,165 Thai father hangs infant daughter ... 33,448 Submarine buy wins 'secret' nod 31,457 Project Singapore gathers pace 25,720 Cabbie caught, charged with raping ... 24,948 Arrest warrant issued for Red Bull ... Recent NEWS Articles N.Korea test-fires ballistic missile District chiefs unite over sex-trafficking case The unsung heroes of our roads Get full Bangkok Post printed newspaper experience on your digital devices with Bangkok Post e-newspaper. Try it out, it's totally free for 7 days. Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 9 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 13:13 Strong quake off Philippines prompts brief tsunami warning 12:18 Asean summit opens with concerns over threats to peace, stability 10:45 Gold prices up B50 to B20,800 09:38 Trump to order a study on abuses of US trade agreements 09:01 Galaxy S8 to spark smartphone sales 08:44 Apisak frets over low FDI 08:01 Somkid seeks Hong Kong trade 07:25 North Korea test-fires ballistic missile 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Domino's Pizza Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Domino's Pizza Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Short Interest in Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Declines By 6.8% Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Rating Increased to Buy at TheStreet Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) to Hold Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades HP Inc (HPQ) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Expedia Inc (EXPE) to “Hold” Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) William Blair Comments on Express Scripts Holding Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ESRX) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Domino's Pizza, Inc. Raised by Jefferies Group (DPZ) Jefferies Group Weighs in on General Dynamics Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GD) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for FTI Consulting, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FCN) AllianceBernstein Natnl Muncpl Incm Fnd. Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (AFB) Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.09 EPS Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Announces Earnings Results Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Domino's Pizza, Inc. Raised by Jefferies Group (DPZ) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Domino's Pizza, Inc. (NYSE:DPZ) – Investment analysts at Jefferies Group upped their Q2 2017 earnings estimates for Domino's Pizza in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. Jefferies Group analyst A. Slagle now forecasts that the restaurant operator will earn $1.19 per share for the quarter, up from their previous forecast of $1.16. Jefferies Group has a “Hold” rating and a $180.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Domino's Pizza’s FY2017 earnings at $5.20 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $6.20 EPS. Domino's Pizza (NYSE:DPZ) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The restaurant operator reported $1.26 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.17 by $0.09. Domino's Pizza had a negative return on equity of 11.03% and a net margin of 8.55%. The firm earned $624.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $615.66 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.89 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 15.8% on a year-over-year basis. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/q2-2017-eps-estimates-for-dominos-pizza-inc-raised-by-jefferies-group-dpz.html. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Domino's Pizza from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Guggenheim initiated coverage on Domino's Pizza in a research report on Friday, April 21st. They set a “buy” rating and a $192.00 price objective for the company. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and set a $170.00 price objective (up from $155.00) on shares of Domino's Pizza in a research report on Saturday, January 14th. Instinet increased their price objective on Domino's Pizza from $152.00 to $174.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, KeyCorp raised Domino's Pizza from a “sector weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $200.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, January 20th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $169.90. Shares of Domino's Pizza (NYSE:DPZ) opened at 185.55 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $8.92 billion, a PE ratio of 43.15 and a beta of 0.65. Domino's Pizza has a 12 month low of $116.91 and a 12 month high of $192.01. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $181.90 and its 200 day moving average price is $172.57. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of DPZ. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Domino's Pizza by 5.0% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 194,467 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $29,529,000 after buying an additional 9,325 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Domino's Pizza by 14.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 93,127 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $14,141,000 after buying an additional 11,685 shares in the last quarter. Advisory Research Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Domino's Pizza during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,018,000. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Domino's Pizza by 10.3% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 100,772 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $15,302,000 after buying an additional 9,382 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State of Alaska Department of Revenue purchased a new position in shares of Domino's Pizza during the first quarter valued at about $1,181,000. 91.75% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. In other news, Director Richard L. Federico sold 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $185.42, for a total value of $463,550.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 8,400 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,557,528. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 5.03% of the stock is owned by company insiders. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be issued a $0.46 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $1.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.99%. Domino's Pizza’s dividend payout ratio is currently 37.91%. About Domino's Pizza Domino’s Pizza, Inc is a pizza restaurant chain company. As of January 1, 2017, the Company operated in over 13,800 locations in over 85 markets around the world. The Company operates through three segments: domestic stores, international franchise and supply chain. Its basic menu features pizza products in various sizes and crust types. Receive News & Ratings for Domino's Pizza Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Domino's Pizza Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Short Interest in Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Declines By 6.8% Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Rating Increased to Buy at TheStreet Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) to Hold Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades HP Inc (HPQ) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Expedia Inc (EXPE) to “Hold” Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) William Blair Comments on Express Scripts Holding Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ESRX) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Domino's Pizza, Inc. Raised by Jefferies Group (DPZ) Jefferies Group Weighs in on General Dynamics Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GD) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for FTI Consulting, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FCN) AllianceBernstein Natnl Muncpl Incm Fnd. Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (AFB) Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.09 EPS Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Announces Earnings Results Zacks Investment Research Downgrades HP Inc (HPQ) to Hold April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “The recently released PC shipment data by IDC depicts that HP’s restructuring initiatives such as focus on product innovations, pricing, marketing and sales activities, divestment of non-core assets and cutting jobs to lower costs, are paying off. HP, as per the data compiled by IDC, witnessed year-over-year shipment growth for the fourth quarter in a row after registering fall for consecutive five quarters. Furthermore, with the start of shipping A3 multifunction printers to more than 80 countries which will cover all key markets, will help HP in reviving its printing business as well as provide opportunity to grab a bigger share in the inkjet printer market. Also, acquisition of Samsung’s printing business will further support the development and manufacturing of printers. Nonetheless, pricing pressure due to intense competition remains a major concern. Moreover, a tepid IT spending environment adds to its woes.” HPQ has been the subject of several other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $16.00 target price (up from $15.50) on shares of HP in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Barclays PLC raised their target price on shares of HP from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. BMO Capital Markets raised their target price on shares of HP to $17.00 in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Wells Fargo & Co raised shares of HP from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Mizuho raised their target price on shares of HP from $14.00 to $15.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $18.28. HP (NYSE:HPQ) opened at 18.77 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $31.78 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.80 and a beta of 1.52. HP has a 52-week low of $11.31 and a 52-week high of $18.83. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $17.75 and its 200-day moving average is $15.97. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The computer maker reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.01. The firm earned $12.68 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.82 billion. HP had a net margin of 5.17% and a negative return on equity of 63.67%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.36 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that HP will post $1.62 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Downgrades HP Inc (HPQ) to Hold” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/zacks-investment-research-downgrades-hp-inc-hpq-to-hold.html. In related news, insider Tracy S. Keogh sold 113,582 shares of HP stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.43, for a total transaction of $1,979,734.26. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 96,926 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,689,420.18. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of HP stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total transaction of $181,400.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 61,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,120,054.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 963,357 shares of company stock valued at $17,005,974 in the last quarter. 0.51% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD raised its stake in shares of HP by 10.0% in the first quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD now owns 143,889 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $2,572,000 after buying an additional 13,129 shares during the last quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of HP by 8.8% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 33,702 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $603,000 after buying an additional 2,731 shares during the last quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp raised its stake in shares of HP by 163.5% in the first quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 198,137 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $3,543,000 after buying an additional 122,949 shares during the last quarter. Dowling & Yahnke LLC raised its stake in shares of HP by 1.4% in the first quarter. Dowling & Yahnke LLC now owns 52,192 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $933,000 after buying an additional 701 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Conning Inc. raised its stake in shares of HP by 8.0% in the first quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 47,415 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $848,000 after buying an additional 3,500 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.94% of the company’s stock. HP Company Profile HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on HP (HPQ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Radius Health Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Short Interest in Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Declines By 6.8% Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Rating Increased to Buy at TheStreet Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) to Hold Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades HP Inc (HPQ) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Expedia Inc (EXPE) to “Hold” Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) William Blair Comments on Express Scripts Holding Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ESRX) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Domino's Pizza, Inc. Raised by Jefferies Group (DPZ) Jefferies Group Weighs in on General Dynamics Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GD) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for FTI Consulting, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FCN) AllianceBernstein Natnl Muncpl Incm Fnd. Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (AFB) Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.09 EPS Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Announces Earnings Results Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Radius Health Inc (NASDAQ:RDUS) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Radius’ lead candidate abaloparatide for subcutaneous (abaloparatide-SC) injection is currently under review in both the U.S. and EU. A response from the FDA was expected by Mar 30, 2017. However, the date has now been extended to Jun 30. An approval of the candidate will significantly boost the growth prospects of Radius making it a commercial stage company. However, its dependence on abaloparatide-SC is concerning, as the company has very few late-stage candidates in its pipeline. An unfavorable outcome from any regulatory body will adversely impact the stock. The company’ shares have underperformed the Zacks classified Medical-Drugs industry in the last three months. Loss estimates for 2017 have widened in the last sixty days.” A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. HC Wainwright reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $66.00 price objective (down from $71.00) on shares of Radius Health in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Canaccord Genuity set a $85.00 price objective on shares of Radius Health and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Maxim Group set a $24.00 price objective on shares of Radius Health and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Radius Health in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 price objective on shares of Radius Health in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $58.33. Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) opened at 38.72 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $38.12 and a 200-day moving average price of $43.54. The company’s market capitalization is $1.67 billion. Radius Health has a 52 week low of $29.27 and a 52 week high of $59.88. Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.22) earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.34) by $0.12. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($0.77) earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Radius Health will post ($4.24) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/radius-health-inc-rdus-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, major shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech purchased 61,721 shares of Radius Health stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $39.97 per share, for a total transaction of $2,466,988.37. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 4,415,930 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $176,504,722.10. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech purchased 30,000 shares of Radius Health stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 17th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $38.41 per share, with a total value of $1,152,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 4,490,399 shares in the company, valued at $172,476,225.59. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders purchased a total of 180,000 shares of company stock valued at $6,910,177 over the last quarter. 16.80% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in RDUS. Capital Fund Management S.A. purchased a new position in Radius Health during the third quarter worth approximately $2,300,000. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in Radius Health during the third quarter worth approximately $9,276,000. Nippon Life Insurance Co. purchased a new position in Radius Health during the third quarter worth approximately $1,455,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in Radius Health by 12.7% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 22,571 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,221,000 after buying an additional 2,543 shares during the period. Finally, Sei Investments Co. raised its position in Radius Health by 17.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 2,082 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 314 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 95.84% of the company’s stock. About Radius Health Radius Health, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the developing therapeutics in the areas of osteoporosis, oncology and endocrine diseases. The Company’s lead investigational product candidate, abaloparatide for subcutaneous injection, or abaloparatide-SC, has completed Phase III development for potential use in the treatment of women with postmenopausal osteoporosis. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Radius Health (RDUS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Radius Health Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alkermes Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alkermes Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) to Sell Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Corporate Office Properties Trust (OFC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.74 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Hess Corp. (HES) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.96 Per Share Persimmon plc (PSN) Price Target Increased to GBX 2,530 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Taylor Morrison Home Corp (TMHC) Price Target Raised to $23.00 at FBR & Co Foresight Energy LP (FELP) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.01 Per Share President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Five Point Holdings Plans $399 Million IPO for May 10th (FPH) Short Interest in Nutanix Inc (NTNX) Declines By 13.0% Time Warner Inc (TWX) Shares Sold by Nationwide Fund Advisors CDK Global Inc (CDK) Stake Lowered by Nationwide Fund Advisors Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for American Airlines Group (AAL) CAPROCK Group Inc. Acquires 662 Shares of Time Warner Inc (TWX) Monsanto Company (MON) Shares Sold by Nationwide Fund Advisors Cowen and Company Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Cree, Inc. (CREE) Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.07 EPS April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance Tweet Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ:ALKS) released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday. The company reported ($0.31) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.24) by $0.07. The business had revenue of $191.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $195.79 million. Alkermes Plc had a negative net margin of 36.92% and a negative return on equity of 12.75%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 22.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted ($0.16) EPS. Shares of Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ:ALKS) traded up 1.30% on Friday, reaching $57.03. 114,936 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $57.73 and a 200 day moving average price of $55.67. The company’s market capitalization is $8.70 billion. Alkermes Plc has a one year low of $36.71 and a one year high of $62.50. A number of research analysts recently commented on ALKS shares. Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $51.00 price objective on shares of Alkermes Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price objective on shares of Alkermes Plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $70.00 price target on shares of Alkermes Plc in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Cowen and Company restated a “positive” rating and issued a $65.00 price target on shares of Alkermes Plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Morgan Stanley restated an “equal weight” rating and issued a $62.00 price target on shares of Alkermes Plc in a research report on Monday. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. Alkermes Plc currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $63.55. WARNING: “Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.07 EPS” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/alkermes-plc-alks-issues-quarterly-earnings-results-misses-expectations-by-0-09-eps.html. In related news, SVP James M. Frates sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.08, for a total value of $1,477,000.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 144,053 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,510,651.24. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, CMO Elliot Ehrich sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $56.60, for a total transaction of $566,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief marketing officer now directly owns 65,071 shares in the company, valued at $3,683,018.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 110,800 shares of company stock valued at $6,468,781. Company insiders own 4.75% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Massey Quick & Co. LLC bought a new stake in shares of Alkermes Plc during the fourth quarter valued at $111,000. Hall Laurie J Trustee bought a new stake in shares of Alkermes Plc during the fourth quarter valued at $154,000. TLP Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Alkermes Plc during the third quarter valued at $187,000. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC bought a new stake in shares of Alkermes Plc during the fourth quarter valued at $202,000. Finally, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. boosted its stake in shares of Alkermes Plc by 5.9% in the first quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 4,053 shares of the company’s stock valued at $222,000 after buying an additional 224 shares in the last quarter. 95.52% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Alkermes Plc Alkermes plc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the researching, developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products that are designed to address medical needs of patients in therapeutic areas. The Company has a portfolio of marketed drug products and a clinical pipeline of products that address central nervous system (CNS) disorders, such as schizophrenia, depression, addiction and multiple sclerosis (MS). Receive News & Ratings for Alkermes Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alkermes Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper US economy grew 0.7% in Q1, slowest pace in three years PublishedApr 28, 2017, 8:55 pm SGT UpdatedApr 28, 2017, 9:51 pm More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/42TC Copy WASHINGTON (BLOOMBERG) - The US economy expanded at the slowest pace in three years as weak auto sales and lower home-heating bills dragged down consumer spending, offsetting a pickup in investment led by housing and oil drilling. Gross domestic product, the value of all goods and services produced, rose at a 0.7 per cent annualized rate after advancing 2.1 per cent in the prior quarter, Commerce Department data showed Friday. The median forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg called for a 1 percent gain. Consumer spending, the biggest part of the economy, rose 0.3 per cent, the worst performance since 2009. The GDP slowdown owes partly to transitory forces such as warm weather and volatility in inventories, which supports forecasts for a rebound as high confidence among companies and consumers and a solid job market underpin growth. Even so, the weakness at car dealers could weigh on expansion, and further gains in business investment could depend on the extent of policy support such as tax cuts. "There's reason to think that some of the things that were weak in the first quarter should reverse in the second quarter, in particular consumption and inventories," Michael Feroli, chief US economist at JPMorgan Chase, said before the report. "Labour income is starting to pick up and actually keeping consumer spending pretty well supported." The data are unlikely to dissuade Federal Reserve policy makers from raising interest rates in the coming months. Economists were largely expecting a weak growth figure, calling it a blip and not a sign of stagnation. Analysts have pointed to issues with the Commerce Department's seasonal adjustment of growth data: Since 2000, expansion in the first quarter of each year has averaged 1 per cent, compared with 2.2 per cent for the rest of each year, according to Wells Fargo Securities. Among the details, equipment spending advanced 9.1 per cent, a two-year high, while investment in nonresidential structures, including office buildings and factories, surged 22.1 per cent after dropping 1.9 per cent in the prior quarter. Residential spending increased at a 13.7 per cent annualized rate, the most since the second quarter of 2015, compared with the prior quarter's advance of 9.6 per cent. Trade added slightly to growth, as exports increased by more than imports during the quarter. Final sales to private domestic purchasers - which strip out government agencies, inventories and trade - rose at a 2.2 per cent pace after a 3.4 per cent advance. Government spending fared worse, decreasing 1.7 per cent and taking away 0.3 percentage point from growth. State and local outlays fell at a 1.6 per cent annualized rate, while spending by federal agencies dropped at a 1.9 per cent pace. The report also showed price pressures were picking up. The GDP price index rose 2.3 per cent in the first quarter. A measure of inflation tied to consumer spending and excluding volatile food and energy costs was up 2 per cent, the fastest in four quarters. Topics:  US ECONOMY GDP More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/42TC Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content 300x200.jpg Lower iron levels can affect productivity at work g2000_a125767_2017apr24_300x200_stadv3.jpg Almost edible deodorant? Katfood advocates the power of natural skincare ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance New Oriental Education & Tech Grp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Microsemi Co. (MSCC) PT Lowered to $61.00 at Needham & Company LLC West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co (RS) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Earns Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Insider Selling: Viewray Inc (VRAY) Insider Sells $678,642.69 in Stock Research Analysts Set Expectations for M/I Homes Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MHO) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Medical Properties Trust, Inc. Decreased by Analyst (MPW) Randall A. Lipps Sells 18,200 Shares of Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Stock Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for MSA Safety Incorporated Lifted by Analyst (MSA) DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Shares Sold by Hartford Investment Management Co. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Purchases Shares of 3,099 Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Shares Sold by Courier Capital LLC Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Acquires 10,159 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Position in Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Independent Research GmbH Reiterates “€171.00” Price Target for Linde AG (LIN) Whitnell & Co. Increases Position in NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has $70.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, “New Oriental is the largest provider of private educational services in China based on the number of program offerings, total student enrollments and geographic presence. New Oriental offers a wide range of educational programs, services and products consisting primarily of English and other foreign language training, test preparation courses for major admissions and assessment tests in the United States, the PRC and Commonwealth countries, primary and secondary school education, development and distribution of educational content, software and other technology, and online education. New Oriental’s ADSs, each of which represents four common shares, currently trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ”EDU.” “ EDU has been the topic of several other research reports. Nomura upgraded shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp from a neutral rating to a buy rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $46.00 to $58.00 in a research report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $62.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Bank of America Corp initiated coverage on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. They issued a neutral rating for the company. Benchmark Co. began coverage on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a buy rating and a $75.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and set a $74.80 target price on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a research note on Tuesday. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $64.54. Shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) opened at 65.00 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $59.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $50.68. The stock has a market cap of $10.24 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 42.46 and a beta of 1.29. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp has a 1-year low of $37.16 and a 1-year high of $68.52. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The company reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.01. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp had a net margin of 14.96% and a return on equity of 16.46%. The company had revenue of $437.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $418.67 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.34 earnings per share. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp’s revenue was up 26.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that New Oriental Education & Tech Grp will post $1.73 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/new-oriental-education-tech-grp-edu-raised-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of EDU. Capstone Asset Management Co. bought a new position in New Oriental Education & Tech Grp during the third quarter valued at about $438,000. Bank of Montreal Can raised its stake in shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp by 36.6% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 108,944 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,051,000 after buying an additional 29,169 shares during the period. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D raised its stake in shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp by 15.9% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 169,476 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,857,000 after buying an additional 23,255 shares during the period. Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. acquired a new stake in shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp during the third quarter valued at $496,000. Finally, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. raised its stake in shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp by 5.1% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 387,379 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,959,000 after buying an additional 18,828 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 76.14% of the company’s stock. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp Company Profile New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc is a provider of private educational services in the People’s Republic of China (the PRC). The Company provides educational services under its New Oriental brand. The Company operates through seven segments, which include language training and test preparation, primary and secondary school education, online education, content development and distribution, pre-school education, overseas study consulting services and study tour. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Economy Grew 0.7% in First Quarter, Slowest in Three Years by Sho Chandra @ShoChandra More stories by Sho Chandra April 28, 2017, 8:30 AM EDT April 28, 2017, 8:53 AM EDT Consumption is worst since 2009 on auto demand, utilities Investment is bright spot, including housing and oil drilling U.S. Economy Expands at Slowest Pace in Three Years The U.S. economy expanded at the slowest pace in three years as weak auto sales and lower home-heating bills dragged down consumer spending, offsetting a pickup in investment led by housing and oil drilling. Gross domestic product, the value of all goods and services produced, rose at a 0.7 percent annualized rate after advancing 2.1 percent in the prior quarter, Commerce Department data showed Friday in Washington. The median forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg called for a 1 percent gain. Consumer spending, the biggest part of the economy, rose 0.3 percent, the worst performance since 2009. The GDP slowdown owes partly to transitory forces such as warm weather and volatility in inventories, which supports forecasts for a rebound as high confidence among companies and consumers and a solid job market underpin growth. Even so, the weakness at car dealers could weigh on expansion, and further gains in business investment could depend on the extent of policy support such as tax cuts. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up “There’s no cause for concern,” said Ryan Sweet, an economist at Moody’s Analytics Inc. in West Chester, Pennsylvania, citing seasonal-adjustment issues in the data and temporary factors that affected consumer spending. Business investment is “encouraging,” while consumers “had a little bit of a hangover, and they’ll bounce back in second quarter. The key will be wage gains -- we need strong wage-growth support for spending going forward.” The data are unlikely to dissuade Federal Reserve policy makers from raising interest rates in the coming months. Economists were largely expecting a weak growth figure, calling it a blip and not a sign of stagnation. Analysts have pointed to issues with the Commerce Department’s seasonal adjustment of growth data: Since 2000, expansion in the first quarter of each year has averaged 1 percent, compared with 2.2 percent for the rest of each year, according to Wells Fargo Securities. Trump’s Target Though the first-quarter figure isn’t a verdict on President Donald Trump’s policies, economists are generally skeptical that growth will reach his goal of 3 percent to 4 percent on a sustained basis. Analysts’ estimates indicate just 2.2 percent to 2.3 percent annual growth through 2019, a tad above the average pace during the almost eight-year expansion. During the first quarter, a chief driver of growth was private, fixed nonresidential investment, which contributed 1.12 percentage point to expansion, led by a record increase in mining exploration, shafts and wells, a category that includes oil structures. Residential investment added 0.5 point to growth. The change in inventories, one of the most volatile parts of the GDP calculation, subtracted 0.93 percentage point from growth, following a 1.01 percent gain. Trade, also volatile from quarter to quarter, contributed 0.07 point after a 1.82 point drag in the previous period. Economists’ forecasts for overall growth ranged from zero to 2.2 percent. The GDP estimate is the first of three for the quarter, with the other releases scheduled for May and June when more information becomes available. The 0.3 percent growth in household consumption, which accounts for about 70 percent of the economy, followed a 3.5 percent jump from October to December. The median forecast in the Bloomberg survey called for 0.9 percent, and purchases added 0.23 percentage point to first-quarter growth. While some of the slowdown may be temporary, inflation is eating into consumers’ wallets. Real disposable personal income rose at a 1 percent pace in the period, the weakest since the fourth quarter of 2013. Even though hiring has been humming along and the jobless rate of 4.5 percent is the lowest in almost a decade, a sustained pickup in wage growth would help boost consumers’ ability to spend. Business Investment Nonresidential fixed investment, or spending on equipment, structures and intellectual property, increased at a 9.4 percent annualized pace, the fastest since 2013. It grew at a 0.9 percent rate in the previous quarter. Among the details, equipment spending advanced 9.1 percent, a two-year high, while investment in nonresidential structures, including office buildings and factories, surged 22.1 percent after dropping 1.9 percent in the prior quarter. Residential spending increased at a 13.7 percent annualized rate, the most since the second quarter of 2015, compared with the prior quarter’s advance of 9.6 percent. Trade added slightly to growth, as exports increased by more than imports during the quarter. Final sales to private domestic purchasers -- which strip out government agencies, inventories and trade -- rose at a 2.2 percent pace after a 3.4 percent advance. Government spending fared worse, decreasing 1.7 percent and taking away 0.3 percentage point from growth. State and local outlays fell at a 1.6 percent annualized rate, while spending by federal agencies dropped at a 1.9 percent pace. The report also showed price pressures were picking up. The GDP price index rose 2.3 percent in the first quarter. A measure of inflation tied to consumer spending and excluding volatile food and energy costs was up 2 percent, the fastest in four quarters. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next What Trump Has Done for (and to) Your Finances Most Read Fyre Festival, the Coachella for the Super Rich, Ends in Disaster New Yorkers Flock to Booming Sun Belt as Trek South Resumes Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person You’re Never Going to Get $10,000 for Your United Airlines Seat U.S. Economy Grew 0.7% in First Quarter, Slowest in Three Years Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Shares Sold by Hartford Investment Management Co. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Purchases Shares of 3,099 Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Shares Sold by Courier Capital LLC Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Acquires 10,159 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Position in Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Independent Research GmbH Reiterates “€171.00” Price Target for Linde AG (LIN) Whitnell & Co. Increases Position in NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Volkswagen AG (VOW3) PT Set at €160.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Traders Purchase High Volume of Call Options on Kellogg Company (K) CBS Co. (CBS) Price Target Raised to $80.00 Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Price Target Raised to $1,150.00 Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Ryder System, Inc. (R) Downgraded to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Twitter Inc (TWTR) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Grainger PLC (GRI) PT Raised to GBX 266 ITV plc (ITV) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (SRPT) PT Lowered to $60.00 at Royal Bank of Canada IMI plc’s (IMI) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Volkswagen AG (VOW3) PT Set at €160.00 by Deutsche Bank AG April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) received a €160.00 ($173.91) price target from equities research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research note issued to investors on Friday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €197.00 ($214.13) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €160.00 ($173.91) price objective on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Commerzbank Ag set a €137.00 ($148.91) price objective on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €197.00 ($214.13) target price on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, S&P Global set a €169.00 ($183.70) target price on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the stock. Volkswagen AG currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €148.88 ($161.83). Shares of Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) opened at 145.497 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €137.54 and its 200 day moving average is €134.43. Volkswagen AG has a 52 week low of €103.70 and a 52 week high of €156.32. The firm has a market cap of €72.94 billion and a PE ratio of 14.180. WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/volkswagen-ag-vow3-pt-set-at-160-00-by-deutsche-bank-ag.html. About Volkswagen AG Volkswagen AG is engaged in developing vehicles and components for its brands. It also produces and sells vehicles, in particular passenger cars and light commercial vehicles for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brands. The Passenger Cars segment cover the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, and the corresponding genuine parts business. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Barclays shareholders rally behind beleaguered boss Simon Jack Business editor 28 April 2017 From the section Business comments These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-39744857 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Getting rid of Barclays chief executive Jes Staley would be bad for Barclays and bad for UK banking. That's the view of some current and former shareholders who tell me that not only would Barclays suffer if the US boss was pushed out during his so-far successful turnaround of the 360-year-old bank but also, weakening the UK's last major investment bank would be bad for the entire UK financial landscape. Jes Staley is under investigation by authorities for twice trying to identify the author of a letter raising questions about Staley's decision to recruit an old colleague from his JP Morgan days who had been through personal issues that had led to "erratic behaviour". You can read more about the circumstances surrounding that episode here. The Staley case is seen as an early and important test of new rules governing the conduct of senior managers designed to improve behaviour, accountability and culture. Those new rules are clear that whistleblowers should be protected as they are a valuable source of information on potential wrongdoing. Barclays was the poster child for failings in these areas under another US boss, Bob Diamond, who was ousted after losing the support of the Bank of England after a series of scandals - including the rigging of key financial benchmarks. One city source told me - "replacing Jes Staley with another FCA-approved (the regulator) apparatchik would be a disaster". That's a reference to "Saint" Anthony Jenkins - a mild mannered man from the quiet world of retail banking - who was brought in after Bob Diamond as an antidote to the buccaneering, risk-taking and rule bending of the Diamond era. He had the blessing of the Bank of England but he was subsequently sacked for failing to improve the bank's financial performance fast enough. The board - and in particular, the Chairman, John McFarlane - would like to keep Staley. Without an investment banker at the helm, the UK's last surviving big investment bank would lose the momentum it has started to regain according to some shareholders. The Financial Conduct and Prudential Regulation authorities will examine the case and their findings will ultimately determine whether Staley can stay. But as things stand, I'm told the board of Barclays looks unlikely to make Staley jump before it is pushed. View comments Related Topics Barclays Banking Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More from Simon More Business stories Top Stories N Korea in new 'failed' missile launch Donald Trump says the latest North Korea test shows "disrespect" towards China and its president. 29 April 2017 EU to discuss Brexit position without UK 29 April 2017 'Hundreds' to lodge claims against surgeon 29 April 2017 News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Engie SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Engie SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Peoples Bancorp Inc. (PEBO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Dynex Capital Inc (DX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Engie SA (GSZ) PT Set at €13.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Linde AG (LIN) Given a €174.00 Price Target by equinet AG Analysts Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for CytomX Therapeutics Inc (CTMX) J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.23 on May 19th Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €124.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Macerich Co (MAC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.71 on June 2nd Ingredion Inc (INGR) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 3rd Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.94 on May 15th LendingClub Corp (LC) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages China Automotive Systems, Inc. (CAAS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Increased by Analyst Spin Master Corp to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.15 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (TOY) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Issued By US Capital Advisors Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (EEFT) Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Sells 400 Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) BJ's Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI) Price Target Increased to $45.00 by Analysts at Wedbush Engie SA (GSZ) PT Set at €13.00 by Deutsche Bank AG April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Engie SA (EPA:GSZ) has been assigned a €13.00 ($14.13) price objective by research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a report issued on Friday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. GSZ has been the subject of several other research reports. Royal Bank of Canada set a €12.50 ($13.59) price target on Engie SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, January 30th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €14.20 ($15.43) price target on Engie SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. S&P Global set a €14.00 ($15.22) price target on Engie SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €14.10 ($15.33) price target on Engie SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €14.50 ($15.76) price target on Engie SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of €14.62 ($15.89). WARNING: “Engie SA (GSZ) PT Set at €13.00 by Deutsche Bank AG” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/engie-sa-gsz-pt-set-at-13-00-by-deutsche-bank-ag.html. About Engie SA Engie SA, formerly GDF Suez SA, is a France-based natural gas and electricity supplier. Its operations are organized in five business lines: Energy Europe, engaged in the production of electricity and distribution and supplying of gas in continental Europe; Energy International which supplies power within North and Latin America, the United Kingdom, Turkey, Middle East, Asia and Africa; Global Gas & LNG, which includes exploration and production of gas and oil, procurement and routing of gas and Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) and supplying accounts in Europe; Infrastructures, which operates the transport, supply and storage of natural gas; and Energy Services, providing multi-technical services in the areas of engineering, installation or energy services. Receive News & Ratings for Engie SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Engie SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact

Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading How a Hong Kong Chinese with ‘a bit of Asian shyness’ manages JP Morgan’s global equities business？  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business MANAGEMENT How a Hong Kong Chinese with ‘a bit of Asian shyness’ manages JP Morgan’s global equities business？ Hong Kong’s appeal, compared with the mainland, is that young investment banking professionals have grown up in a cosmopolitan, international city that gives them more of an international perspective, says Mark Leung PUBLISHED : Friday, 28 April, 2017, 6:27pm UPDATED : Friday, 28 April, 2017, 10:19pm Comments:   Peggy Sito peggy.sito@scmp.com http://twitter.com/peggysito Share PrintEmail When Mark Leung was promoted to co-head of J P Morgan’s global equities business in autumn last year – a unit that generates total revenue of US$5.74 billion – he faced the challenge of managing an 11-strong top management team, spread across eight different nationalities. Born and educated in Hong Kong, Leung describes himself as suffering “a bit of general Asian shyness and reserve”. But the job put him in charge of people from different cultural backgrounds and parts of the world, who could tend to be more upfront and aggressive. “The Chinese are generally quiet and humble. If you think you are ten, you tend to be conservative, offer a discount and say you are eight. “When it comes to a group setting, or a situation where you need to raise a point and impress a client, we are generally more towards the conservative end.” “It takes time to know how to juggle that well,” said Leung. But it wasn’t long before he found his stride. “Quite often we don’t talk like a machine gun. But when we do speak up, we probably have a more targeted approach.” “That actually gives you a different kind of respect,” he said. Managing a multinational team, however, is often par for the course within a company the size of J P Morgan, which has very clear objectives and a long-established corporate culture. “Most importantly, (the leader) should have empathy and the ability to take on challenges.” Still in his early 40s, Leung is the first Hong Kong Chinese to be appointed to take on a global role at the US investment banking giant, which has total asset values of US$2.5 trillion and net income of US$24.7 billion in 2016. He co-heads a global equities business – partnering with Jason Sippel – which is responsible for traditional cash equity trading, equity derivatives and various businesses for hedge fund clients, such as brokerage, futures and options. His appointment comes as JP Morgan has been gearing up for major expansion in the world’s second largest economy. Jamie Dimon, chairman and chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co, has predicted that over the next 20–25 years, China is likely to become a developed nation, and home to a quarter of the world’s top 3,000 companies. While Nicolas Aguzin, chief executive officer for Asia Pacific at JP Morgan has described the country as the bank’s key market, regionally and globally. “We have a very dedicated focus here in Hong Kong,” adds Leung. “I am running equities globally, while based in Asia. We recognise the strategic importance of China and Hong Kong within the region. “We are actively looking at expansion plans, including our onshore operations in China, our offshore client serving platform, and our product team, including equities and fixed income. We are certainly still cautiously optimistic about Asia, and expect more upsides to come.” Leung accepts that global markets have been worried about recession for the past two years, “but when you view them from the middle of last year, the cycle has been shifting and we are modestly supportive of nominal growth. This growth is also happening globally across all major economies.” “Of course the caveat is what path the new US administration takes. The European situation and the upcoming French election also remain an ongoing concern,” he adds. JP Morgan as an organisation has been growing in the region for the past eight years. He admits managing a multi-cultural team has required a complex mix of skills, but it is also an important element in winning business. We have selected a very diverse team of people with different skill sets, from different geographies and backgrounds Mark Leung, co-head, J P Morgan’s global equities business “We have selected a very diverse team of people with different skill sets, from different geographies and backgrounds. “Importantly, we have a culture of escalation, of transparency and partnership. We challenge each other openly, but more than anything, we try to reach a consensus – that’s what teamwork is all about.” He adds that more than any other time, his clients now require a full-service global platform. “The primary function I have changed since taking the job, along with my partner Jason, is to reorganise the responsibilities of the team. The business used to be run on a geographical basis: APAC, EMEA and the America. “We changed that whole management structure, not by region but by product line. Everyone in the management team is a global head of one of seven product lines.” Hong Kong’s great appeal, he adds, compared with the mainland, is that young investment banking professionals have grown up in a cosmopolitan, international city that gives them more of an international perspective. “It can act as a good connector between the world and China.” Despite increasing demand for technology, including artificial intelligence, Leung insists society still needs talented individuals with the ability to connect with people, and who have empathy. “In our business, it is not just about finance, technical details and balance sheet analysis. “Our management team is a mix specialists – some of them are business strategists, some are experts in technology, others are operational specialists.” “But more than anything, I think humility and empathy are vitally important... “Machines will never be able to make clients feel liked and connected. That’s the most important human quality, that will never be replaced.” This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Tackling the diversity challenge business-article-page   Most Popular Viewed 1 Trump’s tax cut plan poses a new threat to China 2 Hong Kong to add 96,000 homes, but will they halt runaway prices? 3 Economists are divided on what Trump’s tax plan means for China 4 Prof Hawking’s question to China: could AI destroy us? 5 Hong Kong tourists flock to South Korea to fill in China’s void Shared 1 Trump’s tax cut plan poses a new threat to China 2 Economists are divided on what Trump’s tax plan means for China 3 Prof Hawking’s question to China: could AI destroy us? 4 Hong Kong to add 96,000 homes, but will they halt runaway prices? 5 The banker with ‘a bit of general Asian shyness and reserve’ Commented 1 Hong Kong to add 96,000 homes, but will they halt runaway prices? 2 Economists are divided on what Trump’s tax plan means for China 3 Hong Kong tourists flock to South Korea to fill in China’s void 4 Hedge fund-type investment products hurt rich mainlanders 5 Report, banks dig deeper hole for Australia’s Indian coal mine plan Promotions SCMP invites you to watch The West Side Story Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now!       You may also like China What next for China’s heavy-handed cross toppler? 26 Apr 2017 - 11:48pm 1 Connected beauty gets a digital makeover In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Is HK’s cruise terminal a HK$6.6 billion white elephant? 27 Apr 2017 - 7:42pm 52 PolyU is renowned for its contributions to space exploration Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University China China, Philippines hope mega-projects will heal ties ... eventually 27 Apr 2017 - 11:22pm 6 China Oops! Chinese defence ministry’s big Photoshop fail 27 Apr 2017 - 6:50pm 91 Comment Someone is illegally growing marijuana at Vancouver City Hall 26 Apr 2017 - 9:19pm 1 Soccer ‘Annihilate British dogs’ banner blights Evergrande win in Hong Kong 26 Apr 2017 - 12:58pm 51 Food & Drink Resell, reduce, recycle: gains made in war on Hong Kong food waste 26 Apr 2017 - 6:33pm 9 China Is Philippines offering Beijing olive branch over South China Sea? 25 Apr 2017 - 11:25pm 25 China How China’s aircraft carriers stack up against other nations 27 Apr 2017 - 6:01pm 58 Hong Kong Barbecue brawl: pair arrested for fighting over restaurant bill 25 Apr 2017 - 10:50pm 29 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally Advertisement Business Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. People walk through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File photo 27 Apr 2017 03:20PM (Updated: 28 Apr 2017 06:44PM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail LONDON: A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fueled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and economic data. Asia felt groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden to expand its stimulus program pushed the crown down sharply, and the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso jumped as the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. But the focus was turning to the ECB and what its head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of the recent improvement in euro zone economic data. Advertisement The bank is not expected to make any changes to its record low interest rates or mass-stimulus program, so market reaction to this meeting may hinge on just a few crucial words. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) "remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at US$1.0913 having been as high as US$1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered after U.S. President Donald Trump's plans to slash company tax rates to 15 percent from the current 35 percent and 39.6 percent for small firms offered no details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, it amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fueled the suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with financials and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials, on the back of strong earnings, kept losses down. Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent even as its first-quarter net profit more than doubled following a rebound in bond trading. It shares have nearly doubled though after worries about its future late last year. Elsewhere, upbeat results from the likes of SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7, companies closely geared to economic growth, were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. Wall Street futures pointed to a flat start for New York. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fueled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets. Brent futures dropped to US$51.60 per barrel, down 22 cents, or 0.42 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, slipped to 111.23 yen from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored earlier on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Countryside Properties PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Countryside Properties PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Countryside Properties PLC (CSP) PT Raised to GBX 350 Debenhams Plc (DEB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Carpetright plc (CPR) Earns Buy Rating from Shore Capital Zions Bancorp (ZION) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.60 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Waste Connections Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WCN) Research Analysts Set Expectations for American Campus Communities, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ACC) SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Ameris Bancorp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ABCB) Short Interest in RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL) Rises By 1.5% NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Trading Down 0.2% on Analyst Downgrade Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for C R Bard Inc (BCR) Bank of New York Mellon Corp’s (BK) Buy Rating Reiterated at Rafferty Capital Markets Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “GBX 230” Price Target for Barclays PLC (BARC) Vetr Inc. Lowers Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) to Sell Creative Planning Has $412,000 Stake in UGI Corp (UGI) Creative Planning Raises Stake in Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Shares Bought by Puplava Financial Services Inc. CENTRAL TRUST Co Has $16.976 Million Stake in AbbVie Inc (ABBV) AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Position Raised by Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. OR Cacti Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Shares Sold by Norman Fields Gottscho Capital Management LLC Countryside Properties PLC (CSP) PT Raised to GBX 350 April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Countryside Properties PLC (LON:CSP) had its target price lifted by stock analysts at Peel Hunt from GBX 310 ($3.96) to GBX 350 ($4.47) in a research note issued on Wednesday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price target points to a potential upside of 28.39% from the company’s previous close. Several other analysts have also commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Countryside Properties PLC to an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 275 ($3.52) target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 346 ($4.42) target price on shares of Countryside Properties PLC in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Countryside Properties PLC (LON:CSP) opened at 270.70 on Wednesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 218.21 million. Countryside Properties PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 170.60 and a 52 week high of GBX 290.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 248.67 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 238.07. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Countryside Properties PLC (CSP) PT Raised to GBX 350” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/countryside-properties-plc-csp-pt-raised-to-gbx-350.html. About Countryside Properties PLC Countryside Properties plc (Countryside) is a United Kingdom-based housebuilder and regeneration partner, primarily operating in London and the South East of England, and with a presence in the North West of England. Countryside operates through two divisions: Housebuilding and Partnerships. The Company’s Housebuilding division develops medium to larger-scale sites, providing private housing on private land, primarily around London and in the South East of England. Receive News & Ratings for Countryside Properties PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Countryside Properties PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s (LLOY) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at AlphaValue TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Rexnord Corp (RXN) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research American Tower Corp (AMT) Price Target Increased to $145.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Atlassian Co. PLC (TEAM) Given New $33.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Price Target Raised to $990.00 Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Given New $120.00 Price Target at Drexel Hamilton Versartis Inc (VSAR) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.14 EPS Boeing Co (BA) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Amphenol Co. (APH) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Stratasys (SSYS) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.69 Very Favorable Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Pra Group (PRAA) Share Price Baxter International Inc (BAX) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance PCM Inc (PCMI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS Foundation Medicine (FMI) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.62 Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $28.231 Million Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Shares Sold by Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC Insider Selling: Mastercard Inc (MA) Insider Sells $9,691,387.37 in Stock Brian Marsh Sells 44,000 Shares of B.P. Marsh & Partners plc (BPM) Stock FinnCap Raises Fenner plc (FENR) Price Target to GBX 385 Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s (LLOY) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at AlphaValue April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by stock analysts at AlphaValue in a note issued to investors on Friday. They presently have a GBX 91.50 ($1.17) price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. AlphaValue’s price target suggests a potential upside of 32.67% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 80 ($1.02) to GBX 83 ($1.06) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday. Royal Bank of Canada set a GBX 90 ($1.15) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday. Barclays PLC set a GBX 75 ($0.96) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Thursday. Finally, Macquarie set a GBX 65 ($0.83) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 70.37 ($0.90). Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) opened at 69.19 on Friday. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 47.10 and a 52 week high of GBX 74.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 48.85 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 66.28 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 63.15. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a GBX 2.20 ($0.03) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This is an increase from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. This represents a dividend yield of 3.17%. WARNING: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/lloyds-banking-group-plcs-lloy-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-alphavalue.html. In related news, insider Antonio Horta-Osorio bought 5,107 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 18th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 63 ($0.81) per share, with a total value of £3,217.41 ($4,113.28). Also, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.88), for a total transaction of £100,621.32 ($128,638.86). Over the last ninety days, insiders acquired 5,699 shares of company stock valued at $362,019. About Lloyds Banking Group PLC Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe A Dodd-Frank Fight With Billions at Stake Spurs GOP Friction by Elizabeth Dexheimer More stories by Elizabeth Dexheimer April 28, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT April 28, 2017, 10:37 AM EDT Republicans at odds over repealing fee cap hated by banks Some lawmakers are hesitant to take a stand against retailers Rep. Hensarling Says Dodd-Frank Made Banks Even Bigger Republicans’ latest effort to kill a Dodd-Frank provision that has cost banks billions of dollars is running into trouble. At issue is part of the 2010 law that limits how much money banks can collect from retailers when consumers use their debit cards. House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling wants to get rid of the fee cap now that Republicans control Congress and the White House. But he’s facing resistance from other GOP lawmakers who either don’t agree with him or don’t want to pick sides in a high-stakes fight between corporate titans. Banks such as JPMorgan Chase & Co. have argued for years that it’s not the government’s role to set charges. Retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. counter that lower transaction fees lead to lower prices. QuickTake Too Big to Fail The fight is coming to a head with the financial services panel set to vote on a Hensarling bill next week that would overhaul much of the Dodd-Frank Act. While Republicans are eager to start the process of rolling back post-crisis financial rules, some aren’t thrilled that Hensarling’s legislation would overturn the cap on card fees. ‘Most Contentious’ The issue is “probably the single most contentious portion of the bill,” Hensarling, a Texas Republican, told reporters on Thursday. “There is wholesale enthusiasm on our side of the aisle for pretty much every other aspect.” The so-called swipe fees, also known as interchange fees, are set by Visa Inc. and Mastercard Inc., but most of the money goes to banks. The limit on debit card fees, known as the Durbin amendment because Illinois Senator Dick Durbin inserted it in Dodd-Frank, has cost lenders an estimated $9 billion in revenue, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. And while other aspects of Dodd-Frank often get more attention -- such as the Volcker Rule restriction on banks’ trading -- card fees have probably drawn the most aggressive lobbying by lenders. Retailers also have spent millions to keep the fee cap intact. Stuck in the middle are politicians who would prefer cordial relations, and campaign contributions, from both industries. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Now, it’s up to Hensarling to decide whether to remove the repeal of Durbin from his bill, cut a deal with Republicans who support the swipe-fee cap, or risk forcing lawmakers to vote on the issue. Individual Republicans might have to show where they stand if an amendment is offered when Hensarling’s committee votes on his legislation or when the entire House of Representatives takes it up later on. A Longshot It remains a longshot that the politically-divided Congress will approve any major financial services legislation, because most bills require 60 votes to pass the Senate. But if banks fail to get a repeal of the Durbin amendment through the House, it would mark a major setback. U.S. Representative Dennis Ross from Florida is among Republicans who support the debit-fee cap and want its repeal removed from Hensarling’s bill. “I’m not sure what the end game is for the chairman yet, we’re still working through it," Ross, who’s a member of the Financial Services panel, said in an interview. “I’m not alone in my concern. It may be that this Durbin amendment when it gets to the floor, maybe it will bog down the bill." Hensarling said he’s confident his plan to overhaul Dodd-Frank, known as the Financial Choice Act, will prevail regardless of how lawmakers resolve the debate over swipe fees. Warren Testimony House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin said this week that he will seek a vote on the Choice Act “as quickly as possible” once it gets through Hensarling’s committee. Democrats have labeled Hensarling’s bill a gift to banks, and expressed their opposition at a Friday hearing. Senator Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat who is one of Wall Street’s most relentless critics, testified, calling the GOP legislation a "589-page insult to working families" that would only make "big-time" lobbyists happy. Only two Republican lawmakers were present when the hearing started. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Supreme Court Orders New Look at New York Credit-Card Surcharge Ban U.S. Supreme Court Won’t Reinstate $5.7 Billion Credit-Card Accord Rep. Hensarling Says Dodd-Frank Made Banks Even Bigger Republican Bid to Gut Dodd-Frank Renews the Debate About Breaking Up the Banks Empty Seats at Regulators Hold Back Trump Bid to Undo Dodd-Frank Most Read Fyre Festival, the Coachella for the Super Rich, Ends in Disaster New Yorkers Flock to Booming Sun Belt as Trek South Resumes Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person You’re Never Going to Get $10,000 for Your United Airlines Seat U.S. Economy Grew 0.7% in First Quarter, Slowest in Three Years Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville This Pattern Forming On $JPM Every Investor Should Be Aware Of By Scutify Apr 27, 2017 2:49 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. The stock chart of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) has the beginning of an ominous bearish formation. It is known as a head and shoulder pattern. It is important for investors to know that it is not fully formed. Only when it fully forms and breaks the trend line connecting the lows (known as the neck line), does it trigger. If/when it triggers, investors should expect a decline from $84 to $74. This is not a good sign for the financial sector and could speak to problems arising. One thing to keep an eye on is the housing/financial crisis beginning in Canada. Many bank stocks in Canada have fallen double digits, some as much as 60% in recent months. If this were to spread, investors could see banks here with exposure, collapse sharply. Keep an eye on this head and shoulder pattern and if it breaks to the downside. JPMorgan Chase & Co. may be in trouble. This article was written by ST G for on . This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   JPM Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 Ode to Investors: Super Size Me! 2 This Pattern Forming On $JPM Every Investor Should Be Aware Of 3 Investors Are Missing Why $NFLX Is In A Lot Of Trouble 4 $FFIV Smoked On Earnings, Here Is The Bounce Level 5 Is the Oil Spill Over? See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2017 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Maxim Integrated Products’ (MXIM) “Sector Perform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Reduce Rating for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) Ocado Group PLC (OCDO) Receives “Reduce” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Torchmark Co. (TMK) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Welltower Inc (HCN) Stock Rating Lowered by Evercore ISI QCR Holdings’ (QCRH) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Surgery Partners Inc (SGRY) Given New $18.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Jefferies Group LLC Boosts Safe Bulkers, Inc. (SB) Price Target to $2.50 Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $934,000 Stake in Aviragen Therapeutics Inc (AVIR) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $941,000 Position in Ardelyx Inc (ARDX) MRV Communications, Inc. (MRVC) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Raises Stake in Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (HOV) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Sells 5,013 Shares of Servicesource International Inc (SREV) Celgene Sees Unusually High Options Volume (CELG) CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Short Interest Up 8.0% in March SunTrust Banks Comments on Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (HSII) Atento SA (ATTO) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Albemarle Co. (ALB) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) PT Lowered to $168.00 at Citigroup Inc HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Reduce Rating for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc restated their reduce rating on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (LON:MRW) in a research note published on Monday morning. HSBC Holdings plc currently has a GBX 200 ($2.56) price target on the grocer’s stock. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on MRW. Credit Suisse Group AG lifted their price target on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC from GBX 200 ($2.56) to GBX 230 ($2.94) and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Barclays PLC reiterated an underweight rating and issued a GBX 205 ($2.62) price target on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.20) price target on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. BNP Paribas reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 240 ($3.07) price target on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 260 ($3.32) price target on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC currently has a consensus rating of Sell and a consensus price target of GBX 201.81 ($2.58). WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (LON:MRW) opened at 239.40 on Monday. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 234.93 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 232.07. The stock’s market cap is GBX 5.56 billion. WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC has a one year low of GBX 168.50 and a one year high of GBX 250.00. WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/hsbc-holdings-plc-reiterates-reduce-rating-for-wm-morrison-supermarkets-plc-mrw.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be issued a GBX 3.85 ($0.05) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. This represents a yield of 1.67%. This is a positive change from WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC’s previous dividend of $1.58. In other news, insider Neil Davidson acquired 12,800 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 235 ($3.00) per share, for a total transaction of £30,080 ($38,455.64). Also, insider Paula Vennells acquired 12,745 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 234 ($2.99) per share, for a total transaction of £29,823.30 ($38,127.46). About WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC Wm Morrison Supermarkets PLC is engaged in the operation of retail supermarket stores under the Morrisons brand and associated activities. The Company offers products, such as Free From, World Foods, Food To Go and Nutmeg clothing. It has food manufacturing capabilities in meat, fish, bakery, fruit and veg, deli and flowers. Receive News & Ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Print   Email   Font Resize AP-Daybook-Tue-General The Associated Press Updated:   04/29/2014 05:54:06 AM MDT --------------------- AP WASHINGTON DAYBOOK, Tuesday, April 29 GENERAL --------------------- ALL DAY April 27 - 29. GRADNATION-SUMMIT — The annual event brings together more than 900 leaders in education, politics, business, and nonprofits with youth and community leaders from across the country to discuss progress and challenges in raising graduation rates. This year's Summit will include the release of the 2014 Building a GradNation Report, which will include the latest national and state graduation rates and what's behind the numbers. Opening remarks by America's Promise Chair Alma Powell. Additional speakers include: General Colin and Alma Powell, founding chairman and board chair, Americas Promise Alliance; Arne Duncan, U.S. Secretary of Education (Invited); Cory Booker, United States Senator from New Jersey; Dr. Advertisement Pam Cantor, founder, president & CEO, Turnaround for Children; Darren Walker, president, Ford Foundation; John Gomperts, president and CEO, Americas Promise Alliance; John Bridgeland, president, Civic Enterprise; Dr. Robert Balfanz, Everyone Graduates Center, Johns Hopkins University; Dr. Jonathan Zaff, director, Center for Promise, Tufts University, Americas Promise Alliance; Jamie Merisotis, president and CEO, Lumina Foundation; Youth spokespeople from across the nation. Credentialled media RSVP: RSVP, please contact: Paul Allvin, America's Promise Alliance, at press@americaspromise.org or (202) 657-0682. SOURCE America's Promise Alliance. http://www.americaspromise.org Location: Marriott Wardman Park, Marriott Ballroom - 2660 Woodley Place, NW. April 28 - 29. ADL NATIONAL MEETING — Anti-Defamation League (ADL) annual meeting. Speakers include Secretary of Labor Tom Perez And FBI Director James Comey. Deputy Secretary of State William Burns and D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier to be honored for their service. Abraham H. Foxman, ADL National Director and other ADL leaders and experts will be available for interviews upon request. For more information or to schedule an interview, contact ADL Media Relations at (212) 885-7749 or adlmedia@adl.org. Highlights: 8 a.m. A View From the Hill With Members of Congress. Rep. Jared Polis (D-CO). Location: Grand Ballroom. 12 p.m. When Hate Speech Goes Viral: Dealing with Bigotry Online. Panelists: Monika Bickert, Head of Global Policy Management, Facebook; Jeffrey Rosen, President and CEO, National Constitution Center; Jennifer Hanley, Director, Legal & Policy, Family Online Safety Institute; Steven Freeman, ADL Associate Director of Civil Rights, Director of Legal Affairs. Location: Grand Ballroom. 1:30 p.m. Presentation of ADL William & Naomi Gorowitz Institute Service Award to Cathy L. Lanier, Chief, Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Police Department. Location: Grand Ballroom. Location: Mayflower Hotel, 1127 Connecticut Ave. NW. On the Net: http://www.adl.org Notes: Media Credentials required: Contact: Todd Gutnick (212) 885-7755 David Robbins (212) 885-7715, adlmedia@adl.org April 28 - 29. AIDS WATCH 2014 — Training will take place on Monday, April 28 at FHI 360 Conference Center, 1825 Connecticut Avenue NW, Washington DC Meetings with Congressional offices will take place throughout the day on Tuesday, April 29, and will be scheduled by regional/state coordinators. . http://www.aidsunited.org/policy-advocacy/aidswatch-2014/ For full agenda: http://www.aidsunited.org/uploads/2014—AIDSWatch—Agenda-4.13.pdf  Location: FHI360 Conference Center, 8th floor, 1825 Connecticut Ave. NW. April 28 - 29. ATLANTIC COUNCIL - ENERGY PROWESS CONFERENCE — The Atlantic Council and the Hungarian Presidency of the Visegrad Group host a conference titled "American Energy Prowess in a Strategic Foreign Policy Perspective." The aim of the conference is to discuss and debate the strategic foreign policy aspects of the American shale gas revolution and its effect on the transatlantic relationship and the Central and Eastern European region. Location: Day 1: Atlantic Council, 1030 15th St. NW. Day 2: Longworth House Office Building. Contacts: RSVP (press@AtlanticCouncil.org) Notes: Full agenda at: http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/events/upcoming-events/detail/american-energy-prowess-in-a-strategic-foreign-policy-perspective April 28 - 30. OAS - MARITIME SECURITY — The Inter-American Committee on Ports (CIP) of the Organization of American States (OAS) will organize, at its headquarters from April 28 to 30, the 1st Annual Workshop on Maritime Safety, which aims to strengthen the institutional capacities of member states in the area. http://www.oas.org/en/media—center/press—release.asp?sCodigo=AVI-065/14 Location: GSB Building, Organization of American States, 1889 F Street, NW. Contacts: OASPress@oas.org (202-370-5437) April 28 - May 1. OAS - MICROTRAFFICKING — The Drug Commissioners of the Americas will come together this week at the 55th Regular Session of the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission (CICAD) of the Organization of American States (OAS) to discuss issues related to micro-trafficking and other emerging themes. http://www.cicad.oas.org/main/default—eng.asp Location: Ruben Dario Room of the OAS General Secretariat Building. 1889 F Street, NW. On the Net: http://www.oas.org 2014 HOMELAND SECURITY CONGRESS — Institute for Defense & Government Advancements 2014 Homeland Security Congress. Highlights: 9:40 a.m. DHS Acting Chief Financial Officer Chris Fulghum will deliver remarks on "managing the Department of Homeland Security budget, the process for allocating resources, and shared services. Location: Hilton Crystal City, 2399 Jefferson Davis Highway, Arlington, Va. April 29 - 30. ATLANTIC COUNCIL CONFERENCE - EUROPE — Atlantic Council Conference: "Toward a Europe Whole and Free." Speakers include Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry, European Commission President Jose Manuel Durao Barroso, former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright; former national security advisers Zbigniew Brzezinski, Stephen Hadley and Brent Scowcroft; and other prominent leaders and lawmakers. Conference agenda: http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/toward-a-europe-whole-and-free-april-29-30. Highlights: 1:30 p.m. Keynote by Secretary of State John Kerry. Location: Atlantic Council, 1030 15th Street, NW, 12th Floor. Contacts: Taleen Ananian&8232; press@AtlanticCouncil.org (202.778.4993) Notes: To request accreditation to cover the awards dinner, please email press@AtlanticCouncil.org. Conference will be webcast live. 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. NATIONAL LAW JOURNAL - CRISIS SEMINAR — Communications and legal professionals and crisis managers from across the US and the DC area will be attending The National Law Journal & The Legal Times' 2nd Annual Crisis Mitigation: Preparing for and Navigating Fallout from Catastrophic Events. The event is a full-day CLE seminar featuring critical elements of crisis management and litigation. Location: Mayflower Renaissance Hotel, 1127 Connecticut Ave, NW. Contacts: Kate Connors, 202-449-9804 April 29 - 30. 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. LOW INCOME KIDS - SAVING FOR COLLEGE — Children's Savings Conference: From Aspirations to Achievement, sponsored by the Corporation for Enterprise Development (CFED). . Participants include Ray Boshara, Senior Adviser and Assistant Vice President, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis; Reid Cramer, Director of the Asset Building Program, New America Foundation; Josi Cisneros, Treasurer, City and County of San Francisco; William Elliott, Director of the Assets and Education Initiative, University of Kansas; Ed FitzGerald, County Executive, Cuyahoga County, Ohio; Martha Kanter, former Under Secretary of Education, U.S. Department of Education; Andrea Levere, President, CFED; Michael Sherraden, Founder and Director of the Center for Social Development, Washington University; and Lauran Tuck, who founded Tuck's R.U.S.H. for Literacy with her husband Justin Tuck of the Oakland Raiders. http://cfed.org/programs/csa/conference/ for full agenda: http://cfed.org/assets/pdfs/Conference—Agenda—External—On—Letterhead.pdf Location: Omni Shoreham Hotel, 2500 Calvert Street, NW. Contacts: Kristin Lawton 202-207-0137 Amy Saltzman 301-656-0348 8:45 a.m. DATA TRANSPARENCY SUMMIT — The Data Transparency Summit will includes sponsors of the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act (DATA Act), alongside tech industry leaders and administration officials in building a shared vision for implementing the landmark open government legislation. The DATA Act passed the United States Senate earlier this month via unanimous consent and is expected to earn swift approval in the House of Representatives following the congressional recess. Senators Mark Warner (D-VA) and Rob Portman (R-OH) will join with Representative Darrell Issa (R-CA) to discuss how they intend to ensure that the DATA Act delivers on its promise of transforming federal spending information into open data. Highlights: 8:45 a.m. Welcome: Hudson Hollister, Executive Director, Data Transparency Coalition Don McCrory, Partner, PwC. 9 a.m. Legislative Panel: A Mandate for Data Transparency Transformation; Dean Garfield, President and CEO, Information Technology Industry Council (moderator); Rep. Darrell Issa; Sen. Mark Warner; Sen. Rob Portman. 10 a.m. Keynote: An Efficient, Effective, and Affordable Government; Jason Miller, Federal News Radio (host); Richard Ginman, Chair, Government Accountability and Transparency Board. 10:15 a.m. Industry Panel: Industry Implements the Data Transparency Transformation; Jason Miller, Federal News Radio (moderator); Dan Chenok, Executive Vice Chair, Industry Advisory Council (invited); Dan Mintz, President and Executive Director, Advanced Mobility Academic Research Center; Trey Hodgkins, Senior Vice President, Public Sector, Information Technology Alliance for Public Sector (invited). 11:30 a.m. Plenary Panel: Benefits of the Data Transparency Transformation; Don McCrory, Partner, PwC (moderator); Kathy Tighe, Chair, Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board; Robert Shea, former Associate Director for Administration and Government Performance, White House Office of Management and Budget; Amy Haseltine, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary, Division of Grants, Department of Health and Human Services. 1:30 p.m. Track Discussions: Data-Driven Accountability, sponsored by WebFilings: Mike Starr, Director of Strategic Initiatives, WebFilings (moderator); David Williams, Inspector General, U.S. Postal Service; Dr. Shannon Sohl, Northern Illinois University; Dr. Hussein Issa, Rutgers Business School; Sean Moulton, Director, Open Government Policy, Center for Effective Government. Data-Driven Management: Pat Fiorenza, Senior Research Analyst (moderator); Christina Ho, Executive Director for Data Transparency, Treasury Department; Jonathan Kraden, Counsel, Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee; Bill Beach, Chief Economist, Senate Budget Committee (invited). Data-Driven Compliance, sponsored by StreamLink Software: Adam Roth, CEO, StreamLink Software (moderator); Ramesh Advani, Director of Grants Management, Commonwealth of Massachusetts; Cornelia Chebinou, Washington Director, National Association of State Auditors, Comptrollers, and Treasurers; Janet Schmidt, Fiscal/Operations Manager, ServeNebraska; Christopher Connor, Wisconsin Division of Budget and Finance. 3 p.m. Plenary Address: No Labels, Problem Solving, and the Data Transparency Transformation: Steve Goodrich, Vice Chairman, Government Transformation Initiative (host); Rep. Cheri Bustos. 3:30 p.m. Closing: Next Steps for the Data Transparency Transformation: Joe Kull, Director, Washington Federal Practice, PwC, Hudson Hollister, Executive Director, Data Transparency Coalition. Location: Union Market, 1309 5th St NE. On the Net: http://datasummit.org Notes: Media credentials: Contact: Zack Pesavento, zack.pesavento@datacoalition.org / 202-420-1065 9 a.m. INSIGHT TURKEY 4TH ANNUAL CONFERENCE — Insight Turkey 4th Annual Conference - Future of Democracy in Turkey: Elections, Politics and Foreign Policy. Highlights: 9:45 a.m. - 10:45 a.m. Keynote Address by H. E. Besir Atalay, Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey. Moderated. Location: Ballroom, Loews Madison Hotel, 1177 15th St NW, Washington. On the Net: www.setadc.org 9 a.m. - 4 p.m. FETAL ALCOHOL SPECTRUM DISORDER — Lunchone program on Tuesday, April 29 Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (FASD), Attachment, Trauma Implications for managing behavioral challenges with linician and expert, Lois Ehrmann, Ph.D, LPC, NCC for a dynamic interactive workshop on FASD, childhood attachment and trauma. https://at.myadoptionportal.com/eform/view.php?id5333 Location: Lutheran Church of St. Andrew, 15300 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20905. April 29 - 30. 9 a.m. POETRY OUT LOAD NATIONAL FINALS — 53 high school students who advanced from poetry recitation competitions in every state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands will gather at Lisner Auditorium to match their skills in reciting classic and contemporary poetry in the 2014 National Semifinals of Poetry Out Loud: National Recitation Contest. Nine finalists will proceed to the April 30 National Finals where they will vie for the title of National Poetry Out Loud Champion and a $20,000 award. The top finalists and their schools will receive $50,000 in awards. Poetry Out Loud National Finals on April 30: Host Neda Ulaby, Arts & Culture Reporter for National Public Radio. National Finals guest judges include poets Ming Di and Valerie Martmnez, novelist Tope Folarin, Poets House Director Lee Briccetti, and actor/performer Chris Sarandon. The featured performer is singer/songwriter Meklit. Highlights: 9 a.m. - 12 p.m. First Semifinal: students from East Central and Northeast States (CT, DE, DC, ME, MD, MA, NH, NJ, NY, NC, OH, PA, RI, SC, VI, VT, VA, WV) 1 p.m. - 4 p.m. Second Semifinal: students from Midwest and South Central states (AL, AR, FL, GA, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, MI, MS, MO, NE, OK, PR, TN, WI). 5 p.m. - 8 p.m. Third Semifinal: students from Upper Northwest and Western states (AK, AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID, MN, MT, NV, NM, ND, OR, SD, TX, UT, WA, WY) Location: Lisner Auditorium at The George Washington University, 730 21st Street, NW, Washington. Contacts: Sally Gifford giffords@arts.gov (202-682-5606) ———— MORNING 8 a.m. - 10:30 a.m. INSURANCE REGULATORY MODERNIZATION - MCRAITH, ROYCE — National Journal LIVE's "Insurance Regulatory Modernization: A Discussion Home and Abroad" . Speakers: Michael McRaith, Director, Federal Insurance Policy; Representative Ed Royce (R-CA); Robert Detlefsen, Vice President of Public Policy, National Association of Mutual Insurance Companies; Tony Fratto, Partner, Hamilton Place Strategies; Aaron Klein, Director, Financial Regulatory Initiative, Bipartisan Policy Center; Barb Sulzenko-Laurie, Vice President, Policy & Senior Advisory, Policy Development, Insurance Bureau of Canada; Ethan Sonnichsen, Director, Government Relations, National Association of Insurance Commissioners; Peter Wallison, Arthur F. Burns Fellow in Financial Policy Studies, American Enterprise Institute; Nancy Cook, Economic and Domestic Policy Correspondent, National Journal. RSVP: NJInsuranceModernization.eventbrite.com For more information: http://www.nationaljournal.com/events/insurance-regulatory-modernization-a-discussion-home-and-abroad-20140429 Location: The Hamilton, 600 14th Street, NW. Contacts: Kori Anderson kanderson@atlanticmedia.com ((202) 266-7578) 9 a.m. NATIONAL GALLERY - PRESS BREAKFAST — The National Gallery of Art hosts a press breakfast, program, and preview of Andrew Wyeth: Looking Out, Looking In. RSVP to Emily Bond at e-bond@nga.gov or 202-842-6598 by Friday, April 25, 3pm. http://www.nga.gov/content/dam/ngaweb/press/press—events/wyeth-3456-event.pdf and http://www.nga.gov/content/ngaweb/press/exh/3456.html Location: The National Gallery of Art. 9 a.m. - 10:30 a.m. NEW AMERICA FOUNDATION — The Technology Deficit: Attracting Tech Talent into Government and Civil Society in Collaboration with the MIT Information Policy Project. Speakers: Susan Crawford, Professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law, Former Special Assistant to the President for Science, Technology, and Innovation Policy @scrawford; Tom Kalil, Deputy Director for Policy of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, Senior Advisor for Science, Technology and Innovation of the National Economic Council @whitehouseostp; Ashkan Soltani, Independent Researcher and Technology Consultant @ashk4n; Dan Tangherlini, Administrator of the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) @DanGSA. Moderator: Alan Davidson, Vice President for Technology Policy and Strategy and Director of the Open Technology Institute Co-founder of the MIT Information Policy Project @abdavidson http://newamerica.org/events/2014/the—technology—deficit Location: New America Foundation, 1899 L Street NW, Suite 400. 9 a.m. - 11 a.m. BROOKINGS - INDIA — Reimagining India: Whats at Stake in the World's Largest Democracy? This event has reached capacity and registration is now closed. Registre for webcast: http://connect.brookings.edu/register-to-watch-india-democracy Location: The Brookings Institution, Saul/Zilkha Rooms, 1775 Massachusetts Ave NW. 9:30 a.m. FUELS AMERICA'S CELLULOSIC ETHANOL DISCUSSION — The Fuels America coalition hosts breakfast discussion with industry leaders representing four commercial scale cellulosic ethanol plants expected to begin production by the end of 2014. They will also discuss their plans for future investment in commercial scale cellulosic ethanol, and discuss how the EPAs proposed reductions to the Renewable Fuel Standard will impact their plans and the future of advanced biofuels. Speakers: Fuels America coalition, including; Doug Berven, Vice President, Corporate Affairs, POET-DSM; Delayne D. Johnson, Chief Executive Officer, Quad County Corn Processors; Javier Garoz, Chief Executive Officer, Abengoa Bioenergy; Aaron Whitesel, Senior Manager, Government Affairs, DuPont. http://press.org/events/fuels-americas-cellulosic-ethanol-discussion Location: Edward R. Murrow Room, National Press Club, 529 14th Street NW. Contacts: Aaron Wells aaron@smoottewes.com (320-247-7616) 9:30 a.m. IMMIGRATION - EVANGELICAL PASTORS — More than 200 local evangelical pastors from 25 states participate in a press conference, worship service and meetings with congressional offices. The day will include a morning press conference, worship service and congressional meetings. Leading up to it, pastors across the country are stressing the urgency for reform to members of Congress and highlighting their upcoming trip via more than 15 local press events in 13 states, including Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Michigan, Missouri, South Carolina and two in Texas. Location: 400 D St., SE. Contacts: Dan Gordon 202-383-5996 Juliet Vedral 202-745-4625 Notes: 9:30 a.m. - press conference. 10:30 a.m. worship service. 9:30 a.m. - 11 a.m. MIGRATION POLICY - MEISSNER — The Deportation Story: Deporter-in-Chief, Releaser-in-Chief, or Reformer-in-Chief? Speakers: Doris Meissner, Director, MPI U.S. Immigration Policy Program; Marc Rosenblum, Deputy Director, MPI U.S. Immigration Policy Program; David V. Aguilar, Partner, GSIS; former Acting Commissioner of U. S. Customs and Border Protection; and former National Chief of the Border Patrol. http://www.migrationpolicy.org/events/deportation-story-deporter-chief-releaser-chief-or-reformer-chief Location: MPI Conference Room, 1400 16th Street NW, Suite 300 (Third Floor). 10 a.m. HUMAN SEX TRAFFICKING IN AMERICA — Human Sex Trafficking in America: New Survey Details Extent of Problem Panel to discuss federal and county response focused on protecting children. Panelists: Rep. Ted Poe (R-Texas), author, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act(H.R.3530); Supervisor Don Knabe, Chair, Los Angeles County (Calif.) Board of Supervisors; Jessica M. Trafficking Survivor, Leader. Contacts: Patti Giglio, NPC Newsmakers Co-Chair, 202-903-7869, patti@psgcom.net ; Herb Perone, NPC Newsmakers Chair, 301-512-7636, herb@peronecomm.com http://press.org/events/human-sex-trafficking-america Location: National Press Club, Zenger Room, National Press Building, 529 14th St. NW, 10 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. U.S. CHAMBER - 2014 AFRICAN TRANSFORMATION REPORT — U.S. Chambers Africa Business Initiative to Host U.S. Launch of the 2014 African Transformation Report. In collaboration with the African Center for Economic Transformation. The report draws on country, sector, and thematic studies to look systemically at Africas transformation as a framework for growth and development. The report introduces the African Transformation Index to help African policymakers see how their countries are developing as well as in relation to their neighbors. The forum will feature ACETs President, K.Y. Amoako, including a moderated discussion featuring representatives from Investec Asset Management, DHL, and IBM. cCntact: Lisa Burgess - lburgess@uschamber.com Location: U.S. Chamber Headquarters, 1615 H St. NW. 10 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. WILSON CENTER - ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION — Environmental Information: The Roles of Experts and the Public. http://wilsoncenter.org/event/environmental-information-the-roles-experts-and-the-public Location: Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center, One Woodrow Wilson Plaza, 1300 Pennsylvania, Ave. NW. 11 a.m. NATION'S PATENT SYSTEM THREATS - PRESS CALL — Tele-press conference call releasing a new scientific opinion poll about the affect of patent trolls on small businesses. Speakers: John Arensmeyer, Founder & CEO, Small Business Majority; Michael Meehan, Manager, Main Street Patent Coalition Small business owners, who will talk about their personal experiences dealing with patent trolls and their opinions on enacting new rules and regulations to protect companies from frivolous lawsuits. DIAL IN: (805) 399-1000; PW: 605872 Contact: Allison Abney 5/8 Media Relations Manager, (202) 289-09575/8 aabney@smallbusinessmajority.org Location: DIAL IN: (805) 399-1000; PW: 605872 11:15 a.m. PENTAGON - ESTONIA — Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel hosts an honor cordon to welcome Estonia Minister of Defense Sven Mikser to the Pentagon. Notes: Journalists without a Pentagon building pass will be picked up at the River Entrance only. Plan to arrive no later than 45 minutes prior to the event; have proof of affiliation and two forms of photo identification. Please call 703-697-5131 for escort to the cordon. 11:30 a.m. DOJ - OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 25TH — Deputy Attorney General James M. Cole will participate in a panel discussion on the history of the departments Office of Inspector General to honor its 25th Anniversary. All media must present government-issued photo I.D. (such as a drivers license) as well as valid media credentials. Media must RSVP to Stephen Ratner at 202-514-2007 or Stephen.Ratner@usdoj.gov no later than 5:00 p.m. EST, Monday, April 28, 2014. Media must enter the department at the visitors entrance on Constitution Avenue between 9th and 10th Streets. Media may begin arriving at 10:30 a.m. EDT. All cameras must be pre-set by 11:15 a.m. EDT. Press inquiries regarding logistics should be directed to the Office of Public Affairs at 202-514-2007. Location: Department of Justice, Great Hall, 950 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W. 11:45 a.m. SECRETARY PEREZ, SEN. BOOKER - MINIMUM WAGE - PRESS CALL — Teleconference on raising the minimum wage with Secretary Thomas Perez, Sen. Cory Booker and national faith leaders. Speakers: Thomas Perez, United States Secretary of Labor; U.S. Senator Cory Booker, D-NJ; Fr. Larry Snyder, President, Catholic Charities USA; John Schmitt, Senior Economist, Center for Economic and Policy Research; Kim Bobo, Executive Director, Interfaith Worker Justice; Rev. Dr. James C. Perkins, Vice President, Progressive National Baptist Convention; Pastor, Greater Christ Baptist Church in Detroit, MI. DIAL IN: 888-523-1225. ID: 5376655. ———— AFTERNOON 12 p.m. AEI- POVERTY - BIBLICAL ANSWER — book launch event and panel discussion on poverty, theology, and economics with contributors to a compelling new volume from the Institute for Faith, Work, and Economics, "For the Least of These. Attendees will receive a complimentary copy. Panelists will include Anne Bradley (Institute for Faith, Work, and Economics), Peter Greer (HOPE International), Art Lindsley (Institute for Faith, Work, and Economics), and Jay Richards, Coauthor of the New York Times bestseller, Indivisible. This event will be moderated by Josh Good (AEI) in the Wohlstetter Conference Center, Twelfth Floor, AEI. Contact Meredith Schultz at meredith.schultz@aei.org, 202.862.4879. http://www.aei.org/events/2014/04/29/for-the-least-of-these-a-biblical-answer-to-poverty/ Location: AEI, Twelfth Floor, 1150 Seventeenth Street, NW. 12 p.m. GLOBAL GOVERNANCE - STIPO — Francesco Stipo, club member, author and president of the USA Club of Rome, Dr. Rohinton Medhora, President of The Centre for International Governance Innovation, and Reid Detchon, Vice President of the United Nations Foundation will speak on "The Future of Global Governance". The speakers will discuss the reform of international institutions. The event is open to the public. For additional information and reservations, please contact Francesco Stipo at fstipo@hotmail.com. http://press.org/events/dr-francesco-stipo Location: National Press Club, McClendon Room, 529 14th Street NW. Contacts: Francesco Stipo fstipo@hotmail.com 12 p.m. NATURAL GAS ROUNDTABLE - SIEMINSKI — The Natural Gas Roundtable luncheon roundtable with U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) Administrator Adam Sieminksi. Location: University Club, 1135 16th Street NW. Contacts: Ella Proctor eproctor@aga.org ((202) 824-7000) Christina Nyquist cnyquist@aga.org (202-824-7204) On the Net: http://www.aga.org/Events/naturalgasroundtable/. 12 p.m. - 1 p.m. WILSON CENTER - ETHNONATIONALIST CONFLICTS — Ethnonationalist Conflict in Postcommunist States. http://wilsoncenter.org/event/ethnonationalist-conflict-postcommunist-states Location: Woodrow Wilson Center, 4th floor, Ronald Reagan Building, 1300 Pennsylvania Ave. NW. 12 p.m. - 2 p.m. ISRAEL VS. AL-QAEDA — Policy Forum on Israel vs al-Qaeda: Emerging Challenges on Two Fronts. Speakers: Ehud Yaari, Israel's leading interpreter of Arab politics, is a Middle East correspondent for Channel Two television and a Lafer International Fellow with The Washington Institute; Michael Morell, a thirty-three-year veteran of the CIA, retired last year after serving since 2010 as deputy director of central intelligence, with two stints as acting director. He is currently the senior security correspondent for CBS News. https://www.cvent.com/events/apr-29-forum-israel-vs-al-qaeda/registration-485ce3d89ecd40c9a4118b91015c03e2.aspx?i85cedd08-838b-40f1-bc5b-2e50c82aa5d7 Location: Stern Library and Conference Room at The Washington Institute, 1828 L Street NW, Suite 1050. Contacts: 202-452-0677 Notes: Media with cameras should call 202-230-9550 12:15 p.m. NEWSEUM - NEW CONSERVATION INITIATIVE — The unveiling of NatureVest, - The Nature Conservancy will unveil initiative in collaboration with founding sponsor JPMorgan Chase to increase investment in nature and global conservation finance. including an overview, panel discussion, and Q&A.. Speakers: Doug Petno, CEO, Commercial Banking, JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Mark Tercek, CEO, The Nature Conservancy; Rachel Kyte, Vice President and Special Envoy for Climate Change, World Bank Group; Joel Dobberpuhl, CEO, Jetstream Capital; Marc Gunther, Editor at large, Guardian Sustainable Business (moderator). Location: The Newseum, 8th Floor, Knight Conference Center, 555 Pennsylvania Ave NW. Contacts: Sam Blodgett sblodgett@gpgdc.com ((202) 295-0138) 12:30 p.m. - 2 p.m. PALESTINIAN CENTER - KERRY'S PEACE EFFORTS — Taking Stock: Kerrys Peace Efforts. http://www.thejerusalemfund.org/ht/d/RegisterForEvent/i/45409 Location: The Palestine Center, 2425 Virginia Ave, NW. 12:30 p.m. - 3 p.m. NASA EXPLORATION FORUM TO SHOWCASE HUMAN PATH TO MARS — Administrator Charles Bolden and other agency leadership will showcase NASAs human exploration path to Mars at an Exploration Forum. http://www.nasa.gov/press/2014/april/nasa-exploration-forum-to-showcase-human-path-to-mars/.U1qLL—ldWGw Location: NASA Headquarters' Webb Auditorium at 300 E St. SW. Contacts: Trent J. Perrotto trent.j.perrotto@nasa.gov (202-358-1100) 1 p.m. COPORATE BOARDS - ENVRIONMENTAL ISSUES — The Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute (IRRCi) hosts a webinar to review the findings of a new study that assesses what corporate boards are doing when it comes to oversight of environmental and social issues. Speakers: Peter DeSimone, Report Author and Deputy Director of the Sustainable Investments Institute (SI2); Jon Lukomnik, IRRCi Executive Director. Register at: https://www1.gotomeeting.com/register/210845352 Contacts: Kelly Kenneally kelly@irrcinstitute.org (202.256.1445) On the Net: www.irrcinstitute.org 1:15 p.m. WORLDWATCH INSTITUTE - STATE OF THE WORLD 2014 — The Worldwatch Institute will release State of the World 2014: Governing for Sustainability, the latest edition of its signature book series, on April 29. This edition discusses the immediate need for governments, private entities, and social groups to work together as a means to create a more sustainable future. Speakers: : State of the World 2014 authors Gar Alperovitz, Petra Bartosiewicz, Colleen Cordes, Sean Sweeney, and Thomas Palley. This year's keynote speaker is David Orr, Paul Sears Distinguished Professor of Environmental Studies and Politics at Oberlin College. RSVP at: https://events.r20.constantcontact.com/register/eventReg?oeidka07e91gbk9ca3a7c6fb&oseq&c&ch Location: Resources & Conservation Center, 1400 16th Street, NW, 1st Floor Conference Room. Contacts: Supriya Kumar skumar@worldwatch.org (202-745-8092, ext. 510) 2 p.m. - 3 p.m. CQ - 2014 MIDTERMS - WEB EVENT — Capitol Hill's Eye on the 2014 Midterms with Roll Call Editor-in-Chief Christina Bellantoni will moderate a discussion with Senior Editor David Hawkings, legislative reporter Emily Ethridge, and Senate leadership reporter Niels Lesniewski. http://nsp.performedia.com/cqrollcall/mew14/user 2:30 p.m. RICH HILL FILM SCREENING - REP. HARTZLER — Film Screening of "Rich Hill and Discussion with Rep. Vicki Hartzler and Peter Edelman. The film tracks a year in the lives of three youth and their families in a small Missouri town. Their struggles illustrate the challenges of housing instability, food insecurity, and stresses related to living in poverty. Location: Library of Congress, Jefferson Building, Room LJ 162 (Members Room). Contacts: news@epi.org to rsvp 3 p.m. PENTAGON - CZECH REPUBLIC — Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel hosts an honor cordon to welcome the Czech Republic's Minister of Defense Martin Stropnicky to the Pentagon. Notes: Journalists without a Pentagon building pass will be picked up at the River Entrance only. Plan to arrive no later than 45 minutes prior to the event; have proof of affiliation and two forms of photo identification. Please call 703-697-5131 for escort to the cordon. 3 p.m. - 4 p.m. BROOKINGS - GEORGIA, MOLDOVA AND UKRAINE — Views from the Lands In-Between: A Discussion with the Ambassadors of Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine. Speakers: H.E. Archill Gegeshidze, Ambassador of Georgia to the United States; H.E. Olexander Motsyk, Ambassador of Ukraine to the United States; H.E. Igor Munteanu, Ambassador of Moldova to the United States; Eric Rubin, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, U.S. Department of State. www.brookings.edu Location: The Brookings Institution, Falk Auditorium, 1775 Massachusetts Ave NW. Contacts: 202.797.6105 4 p.m. - 5 p.m. WILSON CENTER - RUSSIAN-U.S. SECURITY — The Future of the Russian-American Security Dialogue after the Ukrainian Crisis. http://wilsoncenter.org/event/the-future-the-russian-american-security-dialogue-after-the-ukrainian-crisis Location: Woodrow Wilson Center, 5th floor, Ronald Reagan Building, 1300 Pennsylvania Ave. NW. 4 p.m. - 6 p.m. GW - JAPAN, S. KOREAN LEGISLATORS — Legislators from Japan, South Korea and US Congress Discuss Contemporary Issues Michael Turner, Congressman, Ohio 10th (tentative) Jim McDermott, Congressman, Washington 7th, Co-Chair, US Delegation (tentative) Kuniko Inoguchi, House of Counsellors, Liberal Democratic Party Co-Chair, Japanese Delegation Masaharu Nakagawa, House of Representatives, Democratic Party of Japan, Co-Chair, Japanese Delegation Jin Ha Hwang, Saenuri Party, Co-Chair, South Korean Delegation, Korean National Assembly Soon Ok Chun, New Politics Alliance for Democracy Party Moderators Henry R. Nau, Co-Director of the U.S.-Japan-South Korea Legislative Exchange Program, Professor of Political Science and International Relations, GW Mike M. Mochizuki, Co-Director of the U.S.-Japan-South Korea Legislative Exchange Program, Associate Dean for Academic Programs. RSVP: http://go.gwu.edu/LEP Location: 1957 E Street NW. Notes: UPDATE: Media should RSVP to Tara Medeiros at 202-994-1667 or taramed@gwu.edu or Angela Olson at 202-994-3087 or olsona@gwu.edu. 4:15 p.m. NPPD CYBERCRIME PANEL DISCUSSION — NPPD Senior Cybersecurity Strategist and Counsel Tom Finan will participate in a panel discussion entitled "Understanding Your Companys Potential Exposure to Cyber Crime and Choosing Appropriate Insurance Coverage to Mitigate Your Risks at the National Law Journals Crisis Mitigation: Preparing for and Navigating Fallout from Catastrophic event. Location: The Mayflower Renaissance Hotel, 1127 Connecticut Ave., NW. Contacts: DHS Press Office 202-282-8010 ———— EVENING 5 p.m. - 6:30 p.m. GW - TERRACE OF THE SEA — Terrace of the Sea: The Mediations of Memory in a Palestinian Beach Camp in South Lebanon. Diana Allan, Fellow, Society for the Humanities, Cornell University. Terrace of the Sea (Jal el Bahar) was shot in 2008 in an unofficial Palestinian Bedouin gathering established in 1948 on a stretch of beach north of Tyre, in south Lebanon. Structured around a collection of family photographs taken over three generations, the film engages with the historical experience of this community by focusing on their precarious relationship with the environment and in particular on the role that the sea plays in their lives. RSVP: http://go.gwu.edu/allan Location: Lindner Family Commons, Room 602 1957 E St NW. 5 p.m. - 7 p.m. CACI FORUM - CENTRAL ASIA, CAUCASUS — Forum on "Resolved: that Centripetal Forces in Central Asia and the Caucasus Today are Stronger than Centrifugal Forces, or soon will be. Speakers: Davit Sanasaryan (Armenia), City Council of Yerevan, Secretary of "Barev Yerevan Faction, the Heritage Party; Emin Valiyev (Azerbaijan), Founder, Partner and General Manager of Uptime Marketing Agency operating in Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan; Tamar Kekenadze (Georgia), Civilian Representative of the Ministry of Defense of Georgia to NATO and the EU; Talgat Imangaliyev (Kazakhstan), Director for Business Development and Government Affairs at WorleyParsons, Astana; Ato Kasymov (Kazakhstan), Deputy CEO of Kazakhstan Mortgage Company (KMC), a state owned company for mortgage securitization and promotion of real estate market growth; Ruslan Karabukaev (Kyrgyzstan), Director of Business Development, Avanta Capital, Bishkek; Aziz Soltobaev (Kyrgyzstan), Chairman, the Svetofor Group, Bishkek; Shijir Ochirbat (Mongolia),, Senior Strategy and Policy Analyst at Oyu Tolgoi LLC/Rio Tinto Copper LLC; Manuchehr Kurbonali (Tajikistan), , CEO, Axiom Investments LLC, an investor in Central Asia medical centers; Dr. Umid Aripdjanov (Uzbekistan), founding partner at Colibri Law Firm (legal, tax, and business services for foreign investors in Central Asia, Mongolia and the Caucasus). Moderating: Mamuka Tsereteli, Research Director, , Central Asia-Caucasus Institute/Silk Road Studies Program, SAIS, Johns Hopkins University. RSVP: SAISCACIForums@jhu.edu no later than 5 p.m., April 28th. Location: Rome Auditorium, 1st Floor, the Rome Building, SAIS, Johns Hopkins University, 1619 Massachusetts Avenue, N.W. On the Net: www.cacianalyst.org 5 p.m. - 7 p.m. RESTAURANT ASSOCIATION MINIMUM WAGE RALLY — Protest rally outside the National Restaurant Association's Public Affairs Conference calling for a $15 dollar an hour minimum wage. Location: Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center, 1300 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Atrium Ballroom. Contacts: Sharon Black, 410-218-4835 On the Net: http://riseupbaltimore.org http://peoplespowerassemblies.org Notes: Clarifying nature of protest. 5:30 p.m. CONGRESSIONAL SCREENING - IMMIGRATION DOCUMENTARY — The Congressional Progressive Caucus, Rep. Raul Grijalva, D-Ariz., and EVS Communications host a screening of the immigration documentary Harvest of Empire, which examines the role that U.S. military actions and economic interests played in triggering unprecedented waves of migration. Discussion follows with Democracy Now co-host Juan Gonzalez, Harvest of Empire co-director Eduardo Lopez and Maria Pena, Washington correspondent for La Opinion. Location: HVC-201, U.S. Capitol. Contacts: Eduardo Lopez (info@harvestofempiremovie.org), 202-966-6872 5:30 p.m. - 6:45 p.m. PETERSON - INDIA'S MINISTER OF TOURISM — Indonesian Minister of Tourism and Creative Economy to Deliver Speech on "Driving Sustainable Economic Growth: Trade and Innovation in the Asian Emerging Markets WHO: Dr. Mari Elka Pangestu, Minister of Tourism and Creative Economy, Indonesia. Location: C. Fred Bergsten Conference Center; Peterson Institute for International Economics; 1750 Massachusetts Avenue, NW. Contacts: Brian Reil media@piie.com ((202) 454-1334) FTOYw&—hsmi12603974m. BROOKINGS - LONGFORM PUBLISHING — The Future of Longform Publishing. Brookings will host a panel discussion with representatives from some of the foremost leaders in longform publishing to discuss their experiences and plans for longform in the future, and explore the impact of this platform on public policy and public debate. The participants will include representatives from ESPN, The New York Times, Slate and The Washington Post. Introduction: Strobe Talbott, President, The Brookings Institution. Moderator: John Dickerson, Chief Political Correspondent, Slate. Panelists: Chad Millman, Editor in Chief, ESPN The Magazine; David Nassar, Vice President, Communications, The Brookings Institution; Sarah Sampsel, Director, Digital Strategy; The Washington Post; Hannah Fairfield Wallander, Senior Graphics Editor. http://connect.brookings.edu/register-to-attend-longform-publishing?utm—campaign=brookings-comm&utm—sourcehs—email&utm—mediumemail&utm—content12603974&—hsencp2ANqtz-8-nBcsLCjABr4-nWninvDh0mVq4mnrJKfqCUbxBiEm8Z-nChZFKAiFtJcdCYsoTrqcvxtUUnYcQPfRbxPbzL88TFTOYw&—hsmi12603974 Location: The Brookings Institution, Falk Auditorium, 1775 Massachusetts Ave NW. Contacts: 202.797.6105 On the Net: http://www.brookings.edu 6 p.m. - 9 p.m. UKRAINE - CLOUDSOURCING — The Ukrainian Embassy in the United States will announce a strategic initiative called "Increase Profits. Support Democracy. Cloudsource to Ukraine. to help the country compete for a share of the $288 Billion global IT outsourcing market through providing transparent cloudsourcing services. Ambassador of Ukraine to the U.S. Olexander Motsyk will officially unveil the program at a reception. Contact Tatiana Shalkviska, Press Officer, Embassy of Ukraine to the U.S. at (202) 349-2974. http://www.supportukraine.us Location: Embassy of Ukraine to the U.S., 3350 M Street NW. On the Net: http://www.supportukraine.us Notes: Reception is by invitation only. All media must register with contact. 6:30 p.m. COPYRIGHT AND SOCIAL MEDIA — "Copyright and Social Media" an event with NPPA General Counsel Mickey H. Osterreicher. http://press.org/events/copyright-and-social-media-event-nppa-general-counsel-mickey-h-osterreicher Location: National Press Club, First Amendment Lounge, 529 14th Street NW. Contacts: Sarah Driggs sdriggs@press.org 6:30 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. NRAEF AWARDS — The National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation (NRAEF) will recognize its 2014 Restaurant Neighbor and Faces of Diversity American Dream award winners at a gala awards dinner during the National Restaurant Association's Public Affairs Conference. Location: Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center, 1300 Pennsylvania Ave. NW. Contacts: Ashley Rodriguez, arodriguez@fish-consulting.com, 305-298-8022 Notes: Media check-in is located at the registration desk on the C Concourse Level (Lower), outside Amphitheater Entrance, near 13th Street door entrance. 7 p.m. - 9:30 p.m. CAP - UNDERWATER DREAMS — The Center for American Progress host Special Screening of 'Underwater Dreams followed by a panel discussion and Q&A session. Underwater Dreams, narrated by Michael Pena, chronicles the epic story of four teenage boys from the desert who built an underwater robot from Home Depot parts, and went up against engineering powerhouse MIT in the process. Speakers: Mary Mazzio, Director, Underwater Dreams; Bill Kamela, Policy Counsel, Microsoft; Fredi Lajvardi, Teacher, Carl Hayden High School; Lorenzo Santillan, Founding Member, Carl Hayden Falcon Robotics team. Moderator: Angela Kelley, Vice President for Immigration Policy and Advocacy, Center for American Progress. C Anne Shoup at ashoup@americanprogress.org or 202.481.7146. http://www.americanprogress.org/events/2014/04/22/88434/underwater-dreams/?evlc=rsvp Location: Landmark E Street Cinema, E Street between 10th and 11th Streets, NW, (entrance on E Street between 10th and 11th Street). Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Crisanta Duran, a legacy that aims to all four Colorado corners Aplicación móvil Cyclus Break para alumnos latinos en Denver Denver: Inmigrantes demandan a empresa que les pagaba un dólar al día   Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows WASHINGTON (AP) — Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows: ABC's "This Week" — TBA. Full Story Alison Wonderland, Diplo to play at Electric Daisy Carnival Award-winning writer named Los Angeles poet laureate Concert fans angry as hyped Bahamas festival is canceled Boy turns in $2,000 he found, gets Outstanding Citizen Award ARLINGTON, Mass. (AP) — A 6-year-old Massachusetts boy who turned in $2,000 in cash he found in a bank bag lost by a restaurant employee has received an Outstanding Citizen Award. Full Story Flower shop owner accused of stealing plants from cemetery Mystery in Virginia: Someone is shaving other people's cats Cornell male singing group booted from campus for hazing (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Barclays Shares Fall After Surprise Drop in Trading Revenue by Stephen Morris @sjhmorris More stories by Stephen Morris April 28, 2017, 2:24 AM EDT April 28, 2017, 5:16 AM EDT Bank cites underperformance in U.S. rates trading business Firm’s pretax profit more than doubles from a year earlier Barclays' CEO Says Close to Closing Non-Core Business Barclays Plc fell the most in almost six months after posting a surprise drop in trading across debt and equity. The firm reported an unexpected decline in fixed-income trading revenue, contrasting with a 24 percent jump achieved by its five largest American counterparts and a smaller increase at Deutsche Bank AG, its biggest competitor in Europe. Income from equities trading also fell more than expected, while investment banking fees surged. Chief Executive Officer Jes Staley, 60, has thrown his weight behind the investment bank in London and New York, arguing a securities unit is a valuable counterbalance to its more profitable retail and credit card businesses. Capturing market share from European peers that are retreating from some markets is key for the unit to boost its returns. We'll be hiring 2,000 new staff over next 3 years in Britain, Barclays CEO Jes Staley says https://t.co/V1cCk4ug2x pic.twitter.com/PkGDSV3qi1— Bloomberg Brexit (@Brexit) April 28, 2017 “We didn’t have the uptick that a number of the U.S. banks did” and “we always want to do better in the markets business,” Staley said in a Bloomberg Television interview. “We could have done a little better on the U.S. rates side, but we’re not going to make any judgments on one quarter.” The shares fell as much as 5.3 percent, the biggest drop since November, and were down 4.5 percent to 213.9 pence at 10:14 a.m. in London. The decline would be the worst earnings-day reaction in five quarters. Although the stock has climbed about 25 percent in the past 12 months, it still trades at about two-thirds of the book value of its assets. The trading performance marked the first quarter under Tim Throsby, who was poached from JPMorgan Chase & Co. last year to help turn around the investment bank. Staley has touted the need for Europe to have a successful investment bank based in the region, as American firms have progressively seized a greater share of the trading and merger advisory businesses in recent years. Debt Underwriting Fixed-income trading dropped 1 percent to 889 million pounds, while the equities business plunged 10 percent to 462 million pounds, according to the filing. Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg News had expected Barclays’s fixed income revenue to rise 17 percent, while the equities unit was forecast to slump 5 percent, according to the average of four estimates. Trading typically accounts for about a quarter of the firm’s revenue, with fixed-income almost twice the size of equities. The five largest Wall Street banks benefited from market volatility as investors wagered on the pace of interest rate increases. Deutsche Bank posted an 11 percent gain in bond trading, while Credit Suisse Group AG was up 30 percent. One bright spot for Staley and Throsby was the performance in investment banking, which includes fees for merger advice and debt and equity underwriting. Revenue in that business rose 51 percent to 726 million pounds. The CEO said Barclays recorded its best debt underwriting quarter in the history of the bank. Profit Misses Total revenue climbed 16 percent to 5.82 billion pounds, exceeding analysts’ 5.67 billion-pound forecast. The jump was driven by a better-than-expected performance in the bank’s U.K. retail division and a 48 percent jump in the international credit cards and payments business, according to JPMorgan analyst Raul Sinha. Barclays’s pretax profit more than doubled to 1.68 billion pounds, Barclays said in a statement Friday. However, JPMorgan and Citigroup Inc. analysts said the earnings missed their estimates. “We view these as slightly disappointing results,” Citigroup’s Andrew Coombs said. “The weak investment bank revenues are notably below expectations.” Watch Next: Barclays' Staley on 1Q Earnings, Hiring in U.K. Barclays' Staley on 1Q Earnings, Hiring in U.K. Barclays also announced plans to hire 2,000 technology and customer service staff in the U.K. as it brings more of its system development and management in-house to cut dependence on outside contractors. About half of those employees have been recruited already, with the remainder to come over the next three years, the CEO said. Whistle-Blower Scandal The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Any progress Staley has made turning around the British lender risks being overshadowed by his attempts to unmask an anonymous whistle-blower in violation of company policy, revealed two weeks ago when the board reprimanded the CEO and reported him to regulators. Staley may forfeit his entire 1.3 million-pound 2016 bonus over the scandal and could lose his job if regulatory investigations deem him unfit to run a bank. “The full board of the bank did its review and voted unanimously to support me as CEO of Barclays; all the color I’m getting from shareholders is quite positive,” Staley said in the Bloomberg Television interview. “I work at the pleasure of shareholders and the board, and the board has been very supportive, so let’s see.” The lender faces other misconduct and litigation issues. The U.K. Serious Fraud Office is investigating Barclays’s 2008 emergency fundraising backed by Qatar, and the firm is preparing to go to court to fight the U.S. Department of Justice over the size of a fine for the sale of toxic mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis. The bank also took an 884 million-pound writedown on its African unit, which it is in the process of selling. The bank is waiting for final approval of a separation agreement from the finance minister of South Africa before it can reduce its remaining 50.1 percent stake, Staley said in the television interview. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Fyre Festival, the Coachella for the Super Rich, Ends in Disaster New Yorkers Flock to Booming Sun Belt as Trek South Resumes Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person You’re Never Going to Get $10,000 for Your United Airlines Seat U.S. Economy Grew 0.7% in First Quarter, Slowest in Three Years Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Petra Diamonds Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Mortice Limited (MORT) PT Raised to GBX 105 Lok'n Store Group Plc (LOK) PT Raised to GBX 510 Stockdale Securities Reaffirms Buy Rating for Ascent Resources Plc (AST) National Bank Financial Boosts Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Price Target to C$101.00 TD Securities Boosts Capital Power Corp (CPX) Price Target to C$26.00 North American Energy Partners Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share (NOA) SunTrust Banks Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Toromont Industries Ltd’s Q1 2017 Earnings (TIH) Stuart Olson Inc (SOX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.04 Per Share Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) Shares Up 0.4% Following Earnings Beat Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Shares Gap Up on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) PT Set at €18.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) PT Set at $9.00 by Roth Capital Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “$290.00” Price Target for O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Downgraded by Williams Capital to “Hold” Power REIT (PW) Lifted to C at TheStreet Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Beiersdorf AG (BEI) American Tower Corp (AMT) Reaches New 12-Month High on Strong Earnings Metro, Inc. (MRU) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Panmure Gordon reiterated their hold rating on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited (LON:PDL) in a report released on Monday. They currently have a GBX 152 ($1.94) price target on the stock. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on Petra Diamonds Limited from GBX 175 ($2.24) to GBX 170 ($2.17) and set an overweight rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 165 ($2.11) price objective on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Macquarie reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a GBX 190 ($2.43) price objective on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 160 ($2.05) price objective on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Liberum Capital reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 190 ($2.43) price objective on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 170 ($2.17). Petra Diamonds Limited (LON:PDL) opened at 129.50 on Monday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 682.13 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 131.43 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 147.08. Petra Diamonds Limited has a 52 week low of GBX 98.50 and a 52 week high of GBX 173.60. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/petra-diamonds-limited-pdl-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-panmure-gordon.html. Petra Diamonds Limited Company Profile Petra Diamonds Limited is an independent diamond mining company and supplier of rough diamonds to the international market. The Company’s segments include Mining and Exploration. The Mining segment includes the extraction and sale of rough diamonds from mining operations in South Africa and Tanzania. Receive News & Ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pentair plc. Ordinary Share - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Comments on Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNR) New Gold Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share (NGD) Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Mortice Limited (MORT) PT Raised to GBX 105 Lok'n Store Group Plc (LOK) PT Raised to GBX 510 Stockdale Securities Reaffirms Buy Rating for Ascent Resources Plc (AST) National Bank Financial Boosts Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Price Target to C$101.00 TD Securities Boosts Capital Power Corp (CPX) Price Target to C$26.00 North American Energy Partners Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share (NOA) SunTrust Banks Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Toromont Industries Ltd’s Q1 2017 Earnings (TIH) Stuart Olson Inc (SOX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.04 Per Share Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) Shares Up 0.4% Following Earnings Beat Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Shares Gap Up on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) PT Set at €18.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) PT Set at $9.00 by Roth Capital Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “$290.00” Price Target for O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Downgraded by Williams Capital to “Hold” Power REIT (PW) Lifted to C at TheStreet Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Jefferies Group Comments on Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNR) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) – Jefferies Group issued their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share in a research note issued on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst B. Bohra expects that the industrial products company will post earnings per share of $0.60 for the quarter. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s Q2 2017 earnings at $0.99 EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at $0.95 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.93 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $3.78 EPS. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $0.65 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.61 by $0.04. The company earned $1.18 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share had a return on equity of 14.89% and a net margin of 9.15%. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s revenue was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.76 EPS. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Jefferies Group Comments on Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNR)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/jefferies-group-comments-on-pentair-plc-ordinary-shares-q1-2017-earnings-pnr.html. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on PNR. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $66.00 target price on shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $56.00 to $68.00 in a report on Friday, January 13th. Vertical Research upgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Monday, April 17th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $64.73. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) opened at 64.66 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $62.36 and a 200 day moving average price of $59.22. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share has a 52-week low of $53.80 and a 52-week high of $66.99. The firm has a market capitalization of $11.75 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.64 and a beta of 1.45. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Parnassus Investments CA raised its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 6.6% in the third quarter. Parnassus Investments CA now owns 8,446,695 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $542,616,000 after buying an additional 522,369 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 0.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,736,129 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $175,769,000 after buying an additional 23,346 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $128,956,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,061,431 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $115,592,000 after buying an additional 25,552 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 1.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,931,944 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $124,108,000 after buying an additional 27,137 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 90.30% of the company’s stock. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be given a $0.345 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $1.38 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.13%. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s payout ratio is 48.42%. About Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Pentair, Inc (Pentair) is a focused diversified industrial manufacturing company. The Company operates in two segments: Water & Fluid Solutions and Technical Products. Water & Fluid Solutions is providing products and systems used worldwide in the movement, storage and treatment of water. Technical Products is engaged in the global enclosures and thermal management markets, designing and manufacturing standard, modified and custom enclosures that house and protect sensitive electronics and electrical components and protect the people that use them. Receive News & Ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Seaspan Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Seaspan Co. (SSW) Trading 10.5% Higher Following Earnings Beat Finisar Co. (FNSR) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Decreases By 66.2% Jefferies Group Comments on Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNR) New Gold Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share (NGD) Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Mortice Limited (MORT) PT Raised to GBX 105 Lok'n Store Group Plc (LOK) PT Raised to GBX 510 Stockdale Securities Reaffirms Buy Rating for Ascent Resources Plc (AST) National Bank Financial Boosts Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Price Target to C$101.00 TD Securities Boosts Capital Power Corp (CPX) Price Target to C$26.00 North American Energy Partners Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share (NOA) SunTrust Banks Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Toromont Industries Ltd’s Q1 2017 Earnings (TIH) Stuart Olson Inc (SOX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.04 Per Share Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) Shares Up 0.4% Following Earnings Beat Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Shares Gap Up on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) PT Set at €18.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) PT Set at $9.00 by Roth Capital Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “$290.00” Price Target for O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Seaspan Co. (SSW) Trading 10.5% Higher Following Earnings Beat April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Shares of Seaspan Co. (NYSE:SSW) rose 10.5% during trading on Thursday following a stronger than expected earnings report. The stock traded as high as $7.50 and last traded at $7.25, with a volume of 3,025,556 shares traded. The stock had previously closed at $6.56. The shipping company reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.02. Seaspan had a positive return on equity of 10.38% and a negative net margin of 7.28%. The company had revenue of $201.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $204.09 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.33 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 1st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be issued a $0.125 dividend. This represents a $0.50 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.90%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 18th. Seaspan’s dividend payout ratio is presently -141.51%. SSW has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Seaport Global Securities reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Seaspan in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on Seaspan in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. They set an “underweight” rating and a $4.50 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised Seaspan from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Seaspan from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price target for the stock from $10.00 to $8.00 in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a $8.00 price target on Seaspan and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have given a hold rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $9.06. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Princeton Alpha Management LP purchased a new stake in shares of Seaspan during the third quarter valued at approximately $395,000. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Seaspan by 22.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 448,665 shares of the shipping company’s stock valued at $4,101,000 after buying an additional 83,602 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP purchased a new stake in shares of Seaspan during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,574,000. Renaissance Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Seaspan by 16.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Group LLC now owns 18,437 shares of the shipping company’s stock valued at $169,000 after buying an additional 2,597 shares during the period. Finally, Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd raised its stake in shares of Seaspan by 31.3% in the fourth quarter. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd now owns 44,744 shares of the shipping company’s stock valued at $409,000 after buying an additional 10,667 shares during the period. 11.71% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The company has a 50 day moving average of $6.61 and a 200 day moving average of $8.93. The stock’s market cap is $766.07 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/seaspan-co-ssw-trading-10-5-higher-following-earnings-beat.html. About Seaspan Seaspan Corporation is an independent charter owner and manager of containerships. The Company charters pursuant to long-term, fixed-rate time charters with various container liner companies. As of February 20, 2017, it had operated a fleet of 88 containerships and had entered into contracts for the purchase of an additional eight new building containerships. Receive News & Ratings for Seaspan Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J Sainsbury plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Fishing Republic PLC (FISH) Earns “Buy” Rating from Northland Securities Antofagasta plc (ANTO) Price Target Raised to GBX 875 Fresnillo Plc (FRES) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,100 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) Earns Sell Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc PureCircle Limited (PURE) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital Seaspan Co. (SSW) Trading 10.5% Higher Following Earnings Beat Finisar Co. (FNSR) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Decreases By 66.2% Jefferies Group Comments on Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNR) New Gold Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share (NGD) Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Mortice Limited (MORT) PT Raised to GBX 105 Lok'n Store Group Plc (LOK) PT Raised to GBX 510 Stockdale Securities Reaffirms Buy Rating for Ascent Resources Plc (AST) National Bank Financial Boosts Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Price Target to C$101.00 TD Securities Boosts Capital Power Corp (CPX) Price Target to C$26.00 North American Energy Partners Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share (NOA) SunTrust Banks Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated their sell rating on shares of J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) in a research note published on Monday. They currently have a GBX 205 ($2.62) price objective on the grocer’s stock. SBRY has been the topic of several other research reports. Barclays PLC reiterated an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 260 ($3.32) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 305 ($3.90) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an underweight rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.56) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 280 ($3.58) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a reduce rating and issued a GBX 205 ($2.62) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 256 ($3.27). J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) opened at 273.90 on Monday. The company’s market cap is GBX 5.35 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 265.52 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 254.36. J Sainsbury plc has a 12-month low of GBX 211.50 and a 12-month high of GBX 291.80. WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/j-sainsbury-plc-sbry-rating-reiterated-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. J Sainsbury plc Company Profile J Sainsbury plc is engaged in grocery-related retailing and retail banking. The Company’s segments include Retailing; Financial services, and Property investments. The Retailing segment is engaged in the operation of supermarkets and convenience. The Financial services segment includes the operations of Sainsbury’s Bank plc (Sainsbury’s Bank). Receive News & Ratings for J Sainsbury plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Poland - Factors to Watch Apr 28 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Fri Apr 28, 2017 | 2:02am EDT Poland - Factors to Watch Apr 28 Following are news stories, press reports and events to watch that may affect Poland's financial markets on Friday. ALL TIMES GMT (Poland: GMT + 2 hours): DATA The statistics office is to release its preliminary CPI data for April at 1200. UKRAINIAN WORKERS Polish companies requested to hire 458,600 Ukrainian workers in the first quarter of 2017 after they hired 1.26 million in whole of 2016, Puls Biznesu daily reported, quoting official data. JPMORGAN JPMorgan Chase's decision on choosing Warsaw as a place for its new back-office operations centre is expected in mid-May, Puls Biznesu reported. CENTRAL AIRPORT Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is ready to co-finance Poland's planned new central airport, Rzeczpospolita daily said. BREXIT European stock exchanges should work hard to not allow business to move from London to Asia and other destination out of Europe, Luxembourg stock exchange secretary general Maurice Bauer told Rzeczpospolita daily. ****Reuters has not verified stories reported by Polish media and does not vouch for their accuracy.**** For other related news, double click on: Polish equities E.Europe equities Polish money Polish debt Eastern Europe All emerging markets Hot stocks Stock markets Market debt news Forex news For real-time index quotes, double click on: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX (Reporting by Warsaw Bureau) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News CORRECTED-BRIEF-American Savings Bank reports Q1 net income of $15.8 mln * American Savings Bank net income of $15.8 million for Q1 of 2017 compared to $12.7 million in Q1 of 2016 BRIEF-MX gold says it paid additional $425,000 to American Metal Mining * MX Gold Corp. Continues to earn interest in durango smelter project in Mexico MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Poland - Factors to Watch Apr 28 By Reuters Published: 02:06 EDT, 28 April 2017 | Updated: 02:06 EDT, 28 April 2017 e-mail Following are news stories, press reports and events to watch that may affect Poland's financial markets on Friday. ALL TIMES GMT (Poland: GMT + 2 hours): DATA The statistics office is to release its preliminary CPI data for April at 1200. UKRAINIAN WORKERS Polish companies requested to hire 458,600 Ukrainian workers in the first quarter of 2017 after they hired 1.26 million in whole of 2016, Puls Biznesu daily reported, quoting official data. JPMORGAN JPMorgan Chase's decision on choosing Warsaw as a place for its new back-office operations centre is expected in mid-May, Puls Biznesu reported. CENTRAL AIRPORT Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is ready to co-finance Poland's planned new central airport, Rzeczpospolita daily said. BREXIT European stock exchanges should work hard to not allow business to move from London to Asia and other destination out of Europe, Luxembourg stock exchange secretary general Maurice Bauer told Rzeczpospolita daily. ****Reuters has not verified stories reported by Polish media and does not vouch for their accuracy.**** For other related news, double click on: Polish equities E.Europe equities Polish money Polish debt Eastern Europe All emerging markets Hot stocks Stock markets Market debt news Forex news For real-time index quotes, double click on: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX (Reporting by Warsaw Bureau) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sure beats a tent! Bella Hadid suns herself in a thong in Miami as hundreds remain stranded at the festival she promoted Jamie and Louise Redknapp DENY claims they are 'fighting to save 18-year-marriage after Strictly Come Dancing takes its toll' Ex On The Beach stars Jordan Davies and Joshua Ritchie are ARRESTED while shopping in Birmingham with Geordie Shore star Sarah Goodhart Pianist Torville Jones, who saw his headmaster Philip Lawrence being murdered, is to star on Britain's Got Talent tonight Wet and wild! Kylie Jenner shows off perky behind in white leotard as she showers in sexy new outtake photos From her recent photo shoot with Violet Grey Time for tea! Afternoon tea is BACK, and here are the yummiest cakes making it 2017's most delicious trend SPONSORED 'I was two months pregnant with Saint and trying to hide it': Kim Kardashian shares glam room Met Gala 2015 snaps as she prepares for big night Sister act! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her fab figure in clinging bodysuit with trendy flare jeans for office visit with Khloe Part of the family biz Sheer delight! Kate Upton highlights her incredible figure in glittering black gown for Pronovias Fashion show in Barcelona Wowed Burgundy beauty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her backside in workout capris with matching sweater and $2.2K Givenchy purse Ja Rule's tech mogul Fyre partner, 25, says NEXT time will be different as he blames botched festival on freak storm  Taking the blame Red alert! Hailey Baldwin strolls through Soho in scarlet... as the Fyre Festival she promoted crashes and burns in the Bahamas  Baggy sweatshirt  'I had to leave her behind!' Katie Price admits she went to the Maldives without daughter Princess, 9, because her passport had expired 'It was getting out of control': Rylan Clark-Neal reveals the homophobic messages that led him to quit Twitter after being 'bombarded' over new show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright films her last EVER episode of TOWIE in eye-popping cut-out maxi dress... as her 'romance' with Rio Ferdinand heats up Newly-single Jesy Nelson poses in a sexy leotard as she shows ex Chris Clark what he's missing... after he declared she 'didn't turn him on' Already missing Mexico! Kourtney Kardashian shares pinup photo in red hot 'mamacita' swimsuit from booze-fueled girls-gone-wild vacation 'Introducing Cooper Archer Uechtritz Keating!' Proud parents Storm and Ronan Keating take to Twitter to reveal their newborn baby boy's name 'It's been a very positive reunion': Stephanie Davis jets in to Ireland to be with boyfriend Jeremy McConnell following his stint in rehab Who is 'Balaclava Man'? Will Steve 'Ironside' Arnott walk again? 25 questions we want answering in Sunday's Line Of Duty, by Jim Shelley Can YOU crack TV's most addictively baffling murder mystery? With Line Of Duty ending tomorrow, JAN MOIR'S A-Z is packed with some tantalising clues Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon flaunts her edgy style in figure-flaunting leather ensemble as she joins co-stars for pizza in Manchester Affectionate exes! A radiant Naomi Watts embraces ex Liev Schreiber at a screening of their boxing biopic Chuck Exes don't have to be awkward Bump buddies! Hollyoaks co-stars Chelsee Healey and Jennifer Metcalfe compare their blossoming stomachs on set Keeping up the faith! Justin Bieber carries a bible while donning a preppy white tennis outfit in LA Boy-next-door? 'For the Photoshop police!' Kylie Jenner posts a video to prove she did not digitally alter herself after fans claim foul over tiny waistline  Hitting back  Emilia Clarke strips completely NAKED for steamy sex scenes in new thriller The Voice From The Stone The star, 30, will no doubt shock audiences  Keeping Up With The Kardashians turns 10! Khloe and Kylie celebrate a decade on air by drinking wine and sharing risqué photos 'It's sexy!': Khloe Kardashian touts her new 'favourite' Good American jeans that have fishnet material on the hips and knees Revealing It's all about the beige-amins! Lil' Kim twerks in studded nude dress at Bad Boy documentary premiere party Cant stop, won't stop Sheer delight! Olivia Buckland shows off her bra in transparent ensemble as she puts on a racy display during night out without fiancé Alex Bowen SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Mick Jagger's touching tribute to his lost ex love L'Wren Scott Her suicide devastated the fashion industry Bring your kids to work day! Jennifer Lopez posts sweet snap of her twins as they visit her on set of Shades of Blue Both an actress and as a mother 'The next five years is crucial': Shannen Doherty takes to Instagram to announce her breast cancer is in remission Meet the in-laws, Pippa! From the carnival queen mother to the uber-rich half-sister - and the naughty nieces who'd better not out-dazzle on the big day! Stroller strut! Drew Barrymore keeps it casual in sun hat and Minnie Mouse top while bonding with daughter Olive Hands full Kristen Stewart is in high spirits as she puts on a tactile display with Victoria's Secret model Stella Maxwell in New Orleans Looked close  SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna and Chloe Meadows' feud threatens to tear their group apart as they are told to pick sides on The Only Way Is Essex Stuck in the middle with you! Tim Roth kisses Quentin Tarantino as cast of Reservoir Dogs reunite for 25th Anniversary Screening at Tribeca Still a love match! Tennis star Steffi Graf, 47, stuns in pin-flaunting gown as she makes rare red carpet appearance with husband Andre Agassi, 46, in Las Vegas SPOILER ALERT: One is very amused! Comedy act Rare Species surprise BGT judges with royal routine which will see the Queen DANCING on stage Family of tragic Take Me Out contestant who killed himself after saying he was desperate to find love allow show bosses to air his TV date  EXCLUSIVE: Britain's Got Talent star Issy Simpson admits she simply 'idolises her magician granddad'... after she is left 'upset' by fix claims 'Do your homework!' Father-of-four Peter Andre is slammed by fans after criticising nurseries 'who don't offer parents free weekly childcare' 'I would be happy with whatever God gives me': Tina Knowles Lawson plays coy when asked about gender of daughter Beyonce's twins Bikini-clad beauties, hot hunks and handbags at dawn: The new Love Island trailer proves the steamy show is back with a bang Coming soon She's pout obsessed! Kim Kardashian puckers up during taping of Keeping Up With The Kardashians 10-year anniversary party 'What happened?': Kylie Jenner puzzles fans with red mark as she poses in nude thong and crop top for latest racy snap 'I didn't want to play the pretty girl': Freida Pinto on why she rejects roles 'not worth her time'... as she talks of her 'pride' in 'fantastic' ex Dev Patel's success Pretty Little Liars actress Lucy Hale reveals she has given up drinking alcohol and is surrounding herself with 'better people' as she stuns in satin Holly Hagan flaunts her rippling abs and TINY waist as she strips to a skimpy thong and sports bra for raunchy Instagram video 'I'm not above it': Make-up free Busy Philipps takes to Instagram to admit she makes more money from social media than from acting Lauren Pope is a vision in black as she flashes her abs in tiny bralette at DJ gig ... after announcing her return to The Only Way Is Essex Glowing tan Bon Appetit! Katy Perry flashes cleavage in low-cut crop top as she serves up cherry pies in NYC to promote raunchy new single Sweet treat  Driving them dotty! Rita Ora works retro chic in a modest monochrome jumpsuit as she steps out for a sunny day in New York Quirky fashion streak  Well aisle be! Victoria's Secret Angel Romee Strijd stuns in plunging beaded wedding gown as she commands the catwalk at Barcelona Bridal Week Bathing beauty! Jackie Cruz sizzles in teeny tiny black swimsuit as she splashes around surf in Miami The 30-year-old actress was spotted in the surf EXCLUSIVE: 'They're talking about moving in together!' Joey Essex puts on an amorous display with stunning stylist girlfriend Georgie Purves on shopping trip  Lucy Mecklenburgh is set to test her survival skills after 'signing up for new series of The Island with Bear Grylls' Former TOWIE star is set for a new role 'Hey!' (...anyone there?) Kim Kardashian attempts to claw back her social media fans with a very sexy snap after losing 100,000 followers Casual cool! Dakota Johnson looks effortlessly stylish in a blouse and boyfriend jeans while grabbing coffee in New York Low key look  BAZ BAMIGBOYE: It's All About Cate Blanchett in Bette Davis remake Hollywood star Blanchett will play Margo Channing in a  stage version of All About Eve Take Me Out couple become the SIXTH pair to walk down the aisle from the show (even though he turned her light OFF and dated someone else) Jamie O'Hara shares images of the 'hole' in his cousin's head after she was injured in the acid attack that saw Fearne McCann's boyfriend charged  Bananarama are back! Siobhan Fahey, Keren Woodward and Sara Dallin appear on the One Show... days after revealing they will return for first gigs in 30 years PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, flaunts her flat stomach and long legs in a white crochet bikini as she hits Miami beach with her pet pooch in tow 'Missing the island life!' Lucy Watson shows off her bikini body as she shares throwback from her romantic Maldivian getaway with James Dunmore Here comes the bride! Pippa visits her wedding church in Berkshire with parents Carole and Michael three weeks before the big day Hacker known as 'The Dark Overlord' holds Netflix to ransom and says it will release the entire upcoming season of their hit drama Orange is the New Black unless the streaming service pays up  'We will always be your calm in the storm': Ciara and Russell Wilson welcome bouncing baby girl... and her name is colorful Getting the party started! Shirtless Justin Bieber shows off sculpted abs as he dances at star-studded bash in new DJ Khaled music video Naughty girl! Katy Perry poses in sexy pink swimsuit as she debuts Bon Appetit that offers up some of her raunchiest lyrics yet The Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik and Melissa Rauch finalize deals as they join cast for two more seasons Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah Bagshawe display their off-duty style as they enjoy a day out in New York The happy couple are as inseparable as ever Mario Falcone looks suave in ripped jeans and a biker jacket as he films The Showbiz Show with TOWIE's Jamie Reed Close pals Star Wars star Oscar Isaac welcomes his first child with Elvira Lind... as she wins big at Tribeca Film Festival Comes after her film won three awards What naked selfie? Myleene Klass wears pretty bow dress as she moves on from accidentally posting a VERY daring snap on Instagram Pregnant Binky Felstead displays her growing baby bump in form fitting sports gear and sheer hooded jacket at fitness launch Blooming lovely  'My awkward stage lasted a long time': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm admits she had to grow into her looks after sporting braces and glasses Orlando Bloom enjoys a dinner date with a mystery brunette... after furore over actor calling himself a 'pikey' live on air Taking some time out Casual cuties! Rose Byrne wears a low key look to take baby Rocco for a stroll in New York Got some fresh air as they ran errands DMX checks himself into rehab in California days after cancelling three shows due to 'medical emergency' At a treatment center in southern California 'I'm super-duper flawed': Brie Larson finds her celebrity status a 'struggle' and admits to being hard on herself after achieving fame in film Room  Scarlett goes silver! Miss Moffatt debuts shimmering new hair do... as she gears up to film rebooted series of Streetmate for Channel 4 Whatever floats your boat! Chrissy Teigen reveals husband John Legend likes to get amorous in the CLOSET when he's drunk 'I never show my teeth!' Helen Flanagan reveals she's had a brace fitted at the age of 26 after losing her 'perfectly straight' smile Dental treatment  Has the Line Of Duty mystery been revealed? Star Patrick Baladi drops HUGE hint over identity of 'balaclava man' responsible for brutal attack Vicky Pattison stuns in summery palm print midi dress as she reunites with beau John Noble over romantic lunch in London David Beckham looks a world away from his clean-cut image as he dons armour and sports facial scar on the set of King Arthur alongside pal Poppy Delevingne From rags to Ritchie! Madonna's son Rocco smartens up his look as he steps out in a patterned sweater with baggy jeans for day out with pals 'It can be overwhelming': Kristin Cavallari reveals she's been sharing baby tips with pregnant Heidi Montag  Both starred on The Hills 'I was dying inside!' Emma Watson reveals cringeworthy moment she confused Jimmy Fallon for Jimmy Kimmel during awkward TV chat 'I think Amy could be my very troubled daughter!' Goldie Hawn, 71, says she feels like a mum to Snatched co-star Amy Schumer, 35 FIRST LOOK: Bobbi Kristina Brown's tragic life story gets turned into TV biopic The cast was revealed for the very first time on Friday SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Will Lord Snowdon have his say on Brexit debate?   The Queen frowns on members of the royal firm meddling in politics 'You could say I'm feral!' Katie Price raises eyebrows as she reveals that lets her children Jet, three, and Bunny, two, 'pee and POO' in the back garden 'For $10, what's my name?': Oprah Winfrey challenges youngster to guess who she is... but he has no clue Celebrated Bring Your Child to Work Day MIC's Sam Thompson gets overly amorous with co-star girlfriend Tiff Watson in the back of a taxi as they head home from a London night out with the cast Busty Ola Jordan shows off her peachy posterior in a patterned bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Former Strictly Come Dancing professional Ripped at 46! Bethenny Frankel puts her toned 115lb frame on display as she poses in mirror after yoga session Looking good No hiding those curves! Karrueche Tran poses in camouflage bikini for sultry Instagram Teamed her top with nude briefs Happy birthday to me! Jessica Alba posts sweet snaps of her adorable daughters treating her to breakfast in bed as she turns 36  Big day Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski flashes her slim pins in leather mini skirt at Las Vegas bash It's been a month packed full of events for the model-actress Knot a bad look! Lily Collins flashes her toned tummy in tie-front crop top and tracksuit bottoms after salon trip in Beverly Hills A work of art! Kelly Rowland stands out in abstract print blouse during a promotional stop for new book at CBS studios Looked marvelous That windswept look! Jennifer Garner gets a face full of hair as she battles the wild LA gusts while walking hand-in-hand with son Samuel Windswept Rebound romance! Aaron Rodgers enjoys golf date with Baywatch beauty Kelly Rohrbach... just weeks after splitting with Olivia Munn  Very friendly Chrissy Teigen shares her go-to hangover remedy in an epic food interview - and insists she 'does not get' the Unicorn Frappuccino craze 'Take 5000 photos!' Pretty Little Liars Shay Mitchell reveals just what it takes to be a social media star... and why not to drink and post Ariana's fans are not feeling Grande! Angry music goers rage on Twitter after tickets for Sydney's Dangerous Woman concert sold out in SECONDS Entourage, assemble! Leonardo DiCaprio strolls around with his posse ahead of Climate March He's getting set to take part in the Climate March 'See you soon!': Harry Styles announces world tour on Twitter... after topping the charts with debut solo single Sign Of The Times JLo sticks to her winning formula by going underwear free in TWO cutaway gowns at Billboard Latin Music Awards... 17 years after THAT Versace number Fast and Furious franchise to be honored with 2017 MTV Generation Award Will scoop prize at this year's MTV Movie and TV Awards Roseanne revival with Roseanne Barr, John Goodman and Sara Gilbert from original TV series 'under way with eight episodes at ABC' Hit show Kicking off with the Kardashians! Megyn Kelly interviews the Kardashian family for an NBC special wearing a $5000 dress First interview Caitlyn Jenner meets with White House officials on book tour days after expressing her disappointment in Trump's stance on LGBT issues Tearing it up! Ashley Tisdale flashes amazing abs in tiny white top and bizarre ripped jacket for workout Took time out on Friday for a gym session  Cam who got the cream! Duchess of Cornwall enjoys a scoop of ice cream as she and Charles enjoy a shopping trip in Ballater, Aberdeenshire 'It could have gone bad': PR queen Roxy Jacenko says her Sweaty Betty empire suffered after husband Oliver Curtis was jailed for insider trading Thumbs up: Russell Crowe makes a young South Sydney fan's night with a kick about in an almost empty football stadium after match Lisa Faulkner believes her partner John Torode would be 'alright' with her kissing other men on EastEnders as she makes big debut on popular soap Parks and recreation: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd enjoys a passionate kiss with fiancé Michael O'Neill before having fun with her three sons during Marbella break Lily James covers up in black puffer coat while on location for new film Guernsey... after VERY racy bedroom scene for The Exception is revealed What marriage dramas? La La Anthony giggles her problems away with her hunky co-star... as husband Carmelo 'begs for another chance' Vogue Williams appears wedding guest ready in floral mini dress at races...after Pippa Middleton banned the model from her impending nuptials  Gym buddies: Hugh Grant, 56, gets his legs out as he and girlfriend Anna Eberstein, 35, leave the kids at home to spend a sporty morning together The Devil Wears Goop! Gwyneth Paltrow teams up with Anna Wintour to turn her website into magazine  'Thoroughly modern take on how we live today' 'It was a wig!': Selena Gomez says it's 'so funny' her fans thought she chopped her hair when she posted Instagram snap of short bob Posy for a Princess! Mary accepts flowers from a very cute little girl as she stuns in a visit to a Red Cross centre in royal blue coat and loose fitting pants Stepping Out in style! BGT judge Amanda Holden, 46, puts on a youthful display in khaki jacket and ripped jeans for low-key evening 'I just haven't felt the same magic!' Jaime King shares peek inside her two bedroom LA home and reveals why she hasn't upsized after two kids TOWIE's Amber Dowding puts on a leggy display as she steps out after winning back ex Chris Clark following his split from Little Mix's Jesy Nelson Former 'Bachelor' star Chris Soules is charged with a felony as police get a search warrant for the suspected getaway car he used in the fatal crash Michelle Williams enjoys stroll with daughter Matilda who bears growing resemblance to her late father Heath Ledger  Martine McCutcheon flaunts incredible weight loss in a slinky dress... after revealing her life-altering illnesses make it difficult to slim down Myleene Klass is left red-faced as she accidentally shares naked picture of herself wearing nothing but an Arsenal scarf... before quickly deleting it 'We weren't living a normal life for two years and I was battling major depression': Mel Greig says royal prank call scandal contributed to the end of her marriage 'Coming soon!': Kim Zolciak models white bikini as she plugs upcoming swimwear line... just days after her son was mauled by a dog Lime-a-Rita! Ora boldly wraps herself in gaudy bright green dress with split back for Big Love gala She's no stranger to flaunting her body Megan McKenna parades her figure in saucy lace swimsuit as she films TOWIE finale in Coventry... after sparking concern about her weight 'She said she was going to send them to her friends': Adele leaves shop staff stunned by buying out entire stock of greeting cards bearing her image Amber Turner flaunts her figure in a pink bikini... as her ex Jamie Reed packs on the PDA with new model girlfriend Jade Lewis at TOWIE finale pool party  TOWIE star Yazmin dazzles onlookers in extreme plunging cut-out swimsuit with thigh-split sarong as she films explosive finale episode alongside James Lock What great Manners! Lady Violet stuns in a hot pink costume and diamonds as she joins fellow society beauties for Tatler's swimsuit issue Meet Tommy Maitland! Mike Myers 'to host The Gong Show reboot... in character as British comic' Popular long before American Idol  'Find the love of your life before fame hits!' John Boyega on Orlando Bloom's wise dating advice... and how a Star Wars poster once ended a relationship I'll be there for you! Courteney Cox snaps a selfie with a young fan after dinner with Friends After decades in the spotlight she's still in demand Love Island's Katie Salmon flashes a hint of underboob and inked pert posterior in sexy bikini as she poses up a storm poolside while on holiday in Dubai Making a splash! Bikini-clad Britney Spears goes head over heels for Sam Asghari as they perform pool trick in Instagram video Mad Max mastermind! Director George Miller reveals plans to add another two action-packed films to the iconic franchise Beautiful in Brazil! Kate Moss looks ravishing in crushed velvet gown as she hosts Sao Paulo amFAR gala Was a vision Moving on: Lamar Odom lists the modern Miami mansion he remodelled with ex -wife Khloé Kardashian for $5.2million Yuck fou! Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei squeezes into latex again as she teams cheeky slogan T-shirt with saucy red mini skirt for night out 'You've ridden me then you can eat me': James Blunt gets naughty in a radio interview as he explains the concept behind his pizza restaurant Seas the day! Kimberley Garner displays her slender frame in a slinky swimsuit as getaway to the Caribbean continues 'Thinking of you': Sir Mick Jagger, 73, remembers late girlfriend L'Wren Scott on her 53rd birthday with touching Instagram post Katherine Jenkins looks leggy in a stylish floral ruffled dress as she makes elegant exit from Carousel stage door The soprano dazzled  Barry Manilow gushes about the support of his fans since coming out as gay... and says he realises 'they just want me to be happy' Udder cream, concealer and NO surgery: At 76 years old she's still turning heads, but what IS the secret to Raquel Welch's ageless beauty? Flashing more than his pearly whites! Justin Bieber treats himself to eye-catching £11,500 pink sapphire grill Taking to Instagram to display his new look Her cup runneth over! Kris Jenner, 61, puts on an eye-popping display in plunging corset top... amid feud with former partner Caitlyn Jenner Pregnant Beyonce and Jay Z are 'struggling to find a house big enough for their expanding family on their $80million budget' Naomi Watts and ex Liev Schreiber look close and relaxed as they spend a fun day together in NYC with sons Alexander and Samuel Busty is the new black! OITNB actress Jackie Cruz flaunts her figure in a barely there one-piece during beach break in Miami 'I miss your face': Pregnant Ferne McCann breaks social media silence to like 'long-distance relationship' post... after ex is charged for acid attack Love Island's Kady McDermott shows off some sideboob and nearly spills out of her bikini top during Marbella sunbathing session 'He's so lovely': Jennifer Lopez gushes over 'supportive' new boyfriend Alex 'A-Rod' Rodriguez as she jokes friends have nicknamed them 'J-Rod' A sartorial Storm: Busty Tallia wears low-cut unitard with playful sequin motifs for car launch performance... after wowing in sexy black cut-out jumpsuit 'Sometimes it just doesn't work out': Union J drop Casey Johnson 12 months after drafting him in to replace former member as it's reveal they'll carry on as a trio Charlie Sheen's private plane 'ordered to land by police for drug inspection following bender in Mexico' Appeared to comply with authorities  From on the dole to Costa del Sol! Drugs mule Michaella McCollum jets off to Spain AGAIN - just days after signing on at a job centre She's got some front! Orange Is The New Black star Jackie Cruz puts on eye-popping display in plunging dress at Billboard Latin Music Awards Naked ambition! Eva Longoria goes braless as she wears revealing jacket in bid to steal show at Billboard Latin Music Awards Naomi Campbell and close pal Sean 'Diddy' Combs cosy up at the Can't Stop, Won't Stop: The Bad Boy Story premiere in New York Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Renault SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Renault SA (RNO) PT Set at €100.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €69.00 by Barclays PLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €23.30 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Farmland Partners Inc to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (FPI) LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) PT Set at €235.00 by Credit Suisse Group AG Investors Sell Shares of Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) on Strength Following Analyst Downgrade Cogint, Inc. (COGT) Short Interest Update Traders Sell Shares of C R Bard Inc (BCR) on Strength on Insider Selling NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Short Interest Down 3.5% in March M/I Homes Inc (MHO) Sees Strong Trading Volume After Strong Earnings Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings United States Steel Co. (X) Debt Trading 1.4% Lower Earnings BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 425 Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Proactis Holdings Plc (PHD) Rating Reiterated by N+1 Singer Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Rating Reiterated by GMP Securities Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) to Sell QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Price Target Cut to GBX 7,100 Renault SA (RNO) PT Set at €100.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Renault SA (EPA:RNO) has been given a €100.00 ($108.70) target price by equities research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Renault SA in a research report on Monday, March 27th. BNP Paribas set a €89.00 ($96.74) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €75.00 ($81.52) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €115.00 ($125.00) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a €70.00 ($76.09) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €89.41 ($97.19). Renault SA (EPA:RNO) opened at 82.56 on Wednesday. Renault SA has a 12 month low of €63.64 and a 12 month high of €90.76. The company’s 50 day moving average price is €80.93 and its 200 day moving average price is €81.34. The firm has a market capitalization of €24.03 billion and a P/E ratio of 6.63. WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/renault-sa-rno-pt-set-at-100-00-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. About Renault SA Renault SA is a France based company primarily engaged in the manufacture of automobiles and the provision of related services. It is structured into two segments: the Automobile division, which handles the design, manufacture and marketing of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, under Renault, Renault Samsung Motors and Dacia brands, and the Sales Financing division, which provides financial and commercial services related to the sales activities, and is comprised of RCI Banque and its subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for Renault SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pzena Investment Management Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 425 Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Proactis Holdings Plc (PHD) Rating Reiterated by N+1 Singer Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Rating Reiterated by GMP Securities Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) to Sell QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Price Target Cut to GBX 7,100 Prospect Capital Co. (PSEC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Capital One Financial Corp. Comments on Noble Energy, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NBL) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Equitable Group Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EQB) ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) PT Raised to $53.00 U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) PT Set at $65.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV (ADRNY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €18.20 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) to Sell April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (NYSE:PZN) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Pzena Investment Management, LLC, which will become the company’s operating company upon the consummation of the offering, is a premier value-oriented investment management firm with a record of investment excellence and exceptional client service. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Pzena Investment Management in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Pzena Investment Management (NYSE:PZN) opened at 10.77 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $9.90 and its 200 day moving average price is $9.74. Pzena Investment Management has a 52-week low of $7.06 and a 52-week high of $11.85. The firm has a market capitalization of $186.98 million, a PE ratio of 17.89 and a beta of 2.07. Pzena Investment Management (NYSE:PZN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. The asset manager reported $0.12 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.01. Pzena Investment Management had a net margin of 14.93% and a return on equity of 13.43%. The firm had revenue of $32 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $30 million. Pzena Investment Management’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Pzena Investment Management will post $0.59 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 28th will be issued a dividend of $0.03 per share. This represents a $0.12 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.11%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 26th. Pzena Investment Management’s payout ratio is presently 20.69%. WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/zacks-investment-research-downgrades-pzena-investment-management-inc-pzn-to-sell.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. acquired a new position in Pzena Investment Management during the third quarter valued at $134,000. Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its position in Pzena Investment Management by 45.9% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 18,411 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $142,000 after buying an additional 5,789 shares during the period. Martingale Asset Management L P raised its position in Pzena Investment Management by 20.5% in the fourth quarter. Martingale Asset Management L P now owns 27,609 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $307,000 after buying an additional 4,700 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in Pzena Investment Management during the first quarter valued at $352,000. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in Pzena Investment Management by 20.5% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 55,262 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $614,000 after buying an additional 9,402 shares during the period. 15.64% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Pzena Investment Management Pzena Investment Management, Inc is a holding company. The Company is the sole managing member of Pzena Investment Management, LLC. Pzena Investment Management, LLC is an investment management company. The Company also serves as the general partner of Pzena Investment Management, LP. The Company offers institutional investment products to public and corporate pension funds, endowments, foundations and certain commingled vehicles geared toward institutional investors. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Pzena Investment Management (PZN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) PT Raised to $53.00 U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) PT Set at $65.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV (ADRNY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €18.20 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Hits New 12-Month Low on Disappointing Earnings Ignyta’s (RXDX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald Raymond James Financial, Inc. Cuts Semafo Inc. (SMF) Price Target to C$4.80 Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tivity Health Inc (TVTY) NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Nord Anglia Education’s (NORD) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada TELUS Co. (T) PT Raised to C$46.00 at Scotiabank Exco Technologies Limited (XTC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank TD Securities Trims Semafo Inc. (SMF) Target Price to C$5.50 Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ:ZIOP) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of a diverse, risk-sensitive portfolio of in-licensed cancer drugs to address unmet medical needs. The Company applies new insights from molecular and cancer biology to understand the efficacy and safety limitations of approved and developmental cancer therapies and identifies proprietary and related molecules for better patient treatment. “ Several other brokerages have also commented on ZIOP. Griffin Securities reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $23.00 target price on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $10.25. Shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology (NASDAQ:ZIOP) opened at 7.51 on Wednesday. The stock’s market cap is $981.53 million. ZIOPHARM Oncology has a 52 week low of $4.45 and a 52 week high of $8.72. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $6.60 and a 200-day moving average price of $6.22. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/ziopharm-oncology-inc-ziop-stock-rating-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in ZIOP. Third Security LLC bought a new stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at about $51,946,000. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at about $5,556,000. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank increased its stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology by 0.5% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 580,992 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $3,271,000 after buying an additional 2,930 shares during the period. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology by 6.2% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 266,366 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $1,689,000 after buying an additional 15,610 shares during the period. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 198,508 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $1,062,000 after buying an additional 3,699 shares during the period. 41.26% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About ZIOPHARM Oncology ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company, which is seeking to develop, acquire and commercialize, on its own or with partners, a portfolio of cancer therapies that address unmet medical needs. The Company is focused on developing products in immuno-oncology that employ gene expression, control and cell technologies to deliver cell- and viral-based therapies for the treatment of cancer and graft-versus-host-disease. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ZIOPHARM Oncology (ZIOP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Daimler AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Daimler AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) PT Raised to $53.00 U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) PT Set at $65.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV (ADRNY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €18.20 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Hits New 12-Month Low on Disappointing Earnings Ignyta’s (RXDX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald Raymond James Financial, Inc. Cuts Semafo Inc. (SMF) Price Target to C$4.80 Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tivity Health Inc (TVTY) NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Nord Anglia Education’s (NORD) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada TELUS Co. (T) PT Raised to C$46.00 at Scotiabank Exco Technologies Limited (XTC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank TD Securities Trims Semafo Inc. (SMF) Target Price to C$5.50 Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Daimler AG (ETR:DAI) has been assigned a €78.00 ($84.78) price objective by research analysts at Nord/LB in a research report issued on Wednesday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on DAI. Jefferies Group LLC set a €56.00 ($60.87) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €70.00 ($76.09) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €85.00 ($92.39) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Barclays PLC set a €69.00 ($75.00) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €78.00 ($84.78) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €72.75 ($79.08). Shares of Daimler AG (ETR:DAI) opened at 68.049 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of €72.80 billion and a PE ratio of 8.538. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €68.83 and its 200-day moving average is €67.93. Daimler AG has a 12 month low of €50.89 and a 12 month high of €73.20. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/daimler-ag-dai-pt-set-at-78-00-by-nordlb.html. Daimler AG Company Profile Daimler AG (Daimler) is an automotive engineering company. The Company is engaged in the development, production and distribution of cars, trucks and vans in Germany, and the management of the Daimler Group. Daimler’s segments include Mercedes-Benz Cars, Daimler Trucks, Mercedes-Benz Vans, Daimler Buses and Daimler Financial Services. Receive News & Ratings for Daimler AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Daimler AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance California Water Service Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for California Water Service Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Hits New 12-Month Low on Disappointing Earnings Ignyta’s (RXDX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald Raymond James Financial, Inc. Cuts Semafo Inc. (SMF) Price Target to C$4.80 Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tivity Health Inc (TVTY) NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Nord Anglia Education’s (NORD) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada TELUS Co. (T) PT Raised to C$46.00 at Scotiabank Exco Technologies Limited (XTC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank TD Securities Trims Semafo Inc. (SMF) Target Price to C$5.50 Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Lendingtree Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (TREE) Chart Industries, Inc. (GTLS) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Semtech (SMTC) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Impact Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Share Price Skyline (SKY) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Ross Stores (ROST) Stock Price Analysts Set Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) PT at $159.00 California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) shares hit a new 52-week high during trading on Wednesday following a dividend announcement from the company. The company traded as high as $38.30 and last traded at $38.30, with a volume of 189,392 shares. The stock had previously closed at $37.65. The newly announced dividend which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 8th will be paid a dividend of $0.18 per share. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.94%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. California Water Service Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 81.82%. Several research firms have recently commented on CWT. Gabelli upgraded California Water Service Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded California Water Service Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Wells Fargo & Co cut California Water Service Group from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Macquarie began coverage on California Water Service Group in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $32.00 price target for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $33.20. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.78 billion, a PE ratio of 36.78 and a beta of 0.65. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $35.74 and a 200-day moving average of $34.33. California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The utilities provider reported $0.02 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.03. California Water Service Group had a return on equity of 6.56% and a net margin of 7.05%. The business had revenue of $122.04 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $128.30 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.02) EPS. The company’s revenue was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that California Water Service Group will post $1.30 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other news, VP Michael B. Luu sold 2,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.47, for a total value of $82,728.00. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 8,532 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $294,098.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 1.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 8.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,384,620 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $108,612,000 after buying an additional 258,291 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 8.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 289,858 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $9,302,000 after buying an additional 22,258 shares in the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 1.0% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 101,791 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $3,266,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 1.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,206,055 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $38,702,000 after buying an additional 16,878 shares in the last quarter. Finally, GHP Investment Advisors Inc. increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 1.2% in the third quarter. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 70,293 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $2,256,000 after buying an additional 804 shares in the last quarter. 68.63% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/california-water-service-group-cwt-reaches-new-52-week-high-after-dividend-announcement.html. About California Water Service Group California Water Service Group is a holding company. The Company operates through the supply and distribution of water and providing water-related utility services segment. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides non-regulated services and non-regulated services to private companies and municipalities. Receive News & Ratings for California Water Service Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for California Water Service Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe How Trump and Brexit Could Change Global Bank Rules As two big economies chart a new course, some fear “regulatory arbitrage.” by Silla Brush @sabrush More stories by Silla Brush and Alexander Weber @WeberAlexander More stories by Alexander Weber April 28, 2017, 12:01 AM EDT From Subscribe Reprints Illustrator: Caroline David This is how a race to the bottom can start. In Washington, President Donald Trump has vowed to roll back the financial regulations passed after the 2008 crisis. In London, Prime Minister Theresa May, facing a possible exodus of bankers as Britain quits the European Union, has said she might fight any “punitive” trade measures from the EU with tax cuts or policy changes to attract investors and companies. At the same time, some EU member states could consider relaxed rules to entice London-based firms. In Brussels, Europe’s top regulators are angling to soften the latest round of international banking standards. It wasn’t supposed to go like this. Until last year’s tectonic political shifts in the U.S. and U.K., financial regulators had been moving toward tougher rule-making and greater coordination. They’ve tried to stamp out “regulatory arbitrage”—banks moving their riskiest businesses to those jurisdictions with the weakest standards. The lesson of the financial panics of the 21st century, from Lehman Brothers to the European debt crisis, was that crises aren’t confined by national borders. Regulators have required large global banks to hold more capital, financing more of their lending from equity rather than debt, so they’re better able to weather losses. Lenders are subjected to regular stress tests to assess their risk of failure. But as finance ministers, central bankers, and industry executives convened in Washington in late April for annual spring meetings on the global economy, the conversation was a bit different. Although a regulatory rollback hasn’t happened yet and could take years if it did, Mark Carney, head of the Financial Stability Board of global regulators created after the crisis, warned in an April 20 speech against “reform fatigue” that could leave some regulatory efforts unfinished. “The global financial system is at a fork in the road,” said Carney, who is also governor of the Bank of England. He pointed to “nascent risks that, if left unchecked, could threaten the progress made.” Since the U.S. election, financial stocks have rallied about 20 percent, in part on investors’ hopes for lighter regulations. Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co., has written that the financial system is safer post-crisis but that banks, anxious about increased regulator scrutiny, now have too much capital, constraining lending. Anat Admati, a Stanford finance professor, counters that “no regulation stops banks from using their profits, or raising equity from investors, to make worthy loans.” In a few instances some regulators have conceded there’s room to tweak the U.S. regulations. Daniel Tarullo, who spearheaded many of the most important restrictions at the Federal Reserve before he stepped down in April, said some requirements could be softened for smaller banks. But Trump has been pushing for even bigger changes. On April 21, the president ordered Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin to review regulations meant to help authorities wind down a failing bank, as well as rules for designating some nonbank financial institutions as systemically important and therefore subject to additional restrictions. That worries policymakers outside the U.S. “The big question on which the Europeans are awaiting clarity is whether the U.S. really goes its own way on questions as pivotal as orderly resolution” of failing firms, says Karen Shaw Petrou, managing partner at Federal Financial Analytics Inc. in Washington. At the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, a group of regulators has worked toward international agreements on capital standards since the 1980s. A pending revision to the rule books is supposed to limit banks’ ability to use their internal risk-assessment methods to determine whether they have enough capital. European regulators and politicians have argued that proposed changes are too tough on their countries’ lenders. The U.S. has so far taken a harder line than the Europeans. The latest Basel rules were supposed to be completed at the beginning of the year, but they’re on hold while European politicians and regulators wait to see whether Trump and his slate of regulators shift direction. The EU is working to fine-tune regulations to make them more “growth-friendly,” said Valdis Dombrovskis, the EU’s financial-services chief, in an April 20 speech in Washington. Still, he said the bloc isn’t willing to lower standards for keeping banks safe. “We count on the U.S. to stand by the same principle,” he said. European officials are also looking inward as they contend with Britain’s vote to exit the EU. May has joined other lawmakers in suggesting regulatory changes might be pursued post-Brexit. Intercontinental Exchange Inc., one of the world’s biggest trading platforms, has said Brexit offers the U.K. an opportunity to review misguided rules from Brussels. Lawyers at Shearman & Sterling LLP in London have called on policymakers to consider using Brexit to achieve a “market-friendly regulatory framework.” Countries in the EU, competing to attract business as European finance reorganizes after Brexit, are asking whether regulations might be used as an incentive. Ireland already has complained to the European Commission, the EU’s executive arm in Brussels, that other countries are offering looser rules as part of a “dangerous competition” for business. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The European Securities and Markets Authority, which seeks to coordinate standards across the EU, is concerned about what could happen if national regulators across Europe allow U.K. firms to set up offices in their countries while keeping the main part of their business in London, so that European regulators might not have proper oversight. At the European Central Bank, regulators have warned about a loophole that could hurt their ability to oversee markets if banks relocate businesses from the U.K.: The ECB doesn’t supervise branches and brokerage units of foreign lenders. Those are left to national regulators. The ECB said it needs to consolidate oversight to prevent banks from playing national supervisors off one another. “We will be cautious of regulatory and supervisory arbitrage,” ECB executive board member Sabine Lautenschlaeger has said. “And we will not take part in a race to the bottom in that regard.” The bottom line: After a series of financial crises, regulators in the U.S. and Europe got tougher. Then came two very big elections. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Fyre Festival, the Coachella for the Super Rich, Ends in Disaster New Yorkers Flock to Booming Sun Belt as Trek South Resumes Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person You’re Never Going to Get $10,000 for Your United Airlines Seat U.S. Economy Grew 0.7% in First Quarter, Slowest in Three Years Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Why Trump’s tax plan may not deliver the boost White House predicts April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Social media, Taxes - no comments By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER ap economics writer Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, joined by National Economic Director Gary Cohn, speaks in the briefing room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 26, 2017. President Donald Trump is proposing dramatically reducing the taxes paid by corporations big and small in an overhaul his administration says will spur economic growth and bring jobs and prosperity to the middle class. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump’s team boasted Wednesday that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans’ financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short of vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump’s plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35 percent all the way to 15 percent, a boon to most companies even though many don’t pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 percent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income – including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate – to instead pay the new 15 percent corporate rate. That’s because Trump would apply the corporate rate to “pass through” businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses – from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. TAX EXPERTS SAID far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. “The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown,” said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. “There’s not enough specificity. It’s hard for taxpayers to determine where they’ll come out.” Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes “especially for low and middle income families.” It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don’t itemize their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that’s on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalize on. BY MAKING CORPORATIONS more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment – from computers to factories and machinery. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy – lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75 percent of pass-through income flows to the 10 percent wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. The government’s budget deficit could explode under the plan, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget’s rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at $5.5 trillion over 10 years. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered few details on which deductions would be dropped – a move that would likely spark opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don’t accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would reduce government revenue by $2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8 percent a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4 percent annually. Other economists say that if the cuts balloon the deficit, the resulting jump in government borrowing would swell interest rates and make it harder for businesses and households to borrow and spend. Ethan Harris, chief global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, says such a “crowding out” effect can cancel out any benefits to the economy. — SO WILL THE ECONOMY BENEFIT AT ALL? Most economists forecast that a modest tax-cut package – smaller than Trump’s – is far more likely to become law. With the deficit rising by less, a smaller cut could raise growth to 2.5 percent a year, from its roughly 2 percent pace now, Harris said. You need to be Logged in to sign up for Express Login. If Trump’s proposals became law, depending on the details, growth could accelerate more quickly, Harris added. But the Federal Reserve would likely counter such acceleration with more short-term rate hikes, to forestall rapid inflation. And that move, in turn, would likely slow the economy. — Joseph Pisani and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. — Contact Chris Rugaber on Twitter at http://Twitter.com/ChrisRugaber Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Montenegro lawmakers vote to join NATO April 28, 2017 - National - no comments CETINJE, Montenegro – Montenegro’s parliament on Friday supported the Balkan country’s membership in NATO in a historic turn toward the West amid protests by Russia and the pro-Russia opposition. Lawmakers voted 46-0 in the capital of Cetinje to ratify the… Read Post → Congress settles for stopgap to avoid government shutdown April 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Abortion, Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Republican Party - no comments WASHINGTON – Congress took the easy way out to keep the government open on the eve of Donald Trump’s 100th day in office, passing a weeklong stop-gap spending bill Friday that amounted to more of a defeat for the president… Read Post → Trump vows to repay political debt to NRA April 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, Donald Trump, Gun laws, Hillary Clinton, NRA, Republican Party, Sandy Hook, Supreme Court Towns: Newtown CT - no comments ATLANTA – In the first presidential speech to the National Rifle Association’s annual meeting in more than three decades, Donald Trump on Friday pledged to repay gun owners for helping to propel him to his stunning rise to the White… Read Post → Arkansas governor dismisses calls for full execution probe April 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Social media, Supreme Court - no comments LITTLE ROCK, Ark. – Arkansas’ governor said Friday that he sees no reason for anything beyond a routine review of the state’s execution procedures after a condemned inmate lurched and convulsed 20 times during a lethal injection that involved a… Read Post → Sources: Dodd leaving movie industry lobby April 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Taxes - no comments LOS ANGELES – Christopher Dodd will step down as chairman of the Motion Picture Association of America after six years as the head of the lobbying arm of major Hollywood studios, according to two people familiar with the situation who… Read Post → U.S. economy’s expansion was weakest in 3 years April 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Layoffs, Social media, Taxes, World War II - no comments WASHINGTON – The U.S. economy turned in the weakest performance in three years in the January-March quarter as consumers sharply slowed their spending. The result fell far short of President Donald Trump’s ambitious growth targets and underscores the challenges of… Read Post → Trump tells NRA: ‘You have a true friend’ in White House April 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, Donald Trump, Gun laws, Hillary Clinton, NRA, Republican Party, Social media, Supreme Court - no comments ATLANTA (AP) — President Donald Trump reaffirmed his support for gun rights Friday, telling attendees of a National Rifle Association convention that “the eight-year assault on your Second Amendment freedoms has come to a crashing end.” Trump, the first sitting… Read Post → US seeks tough NKorea action, but China shows no inclination April 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - no comments UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United States and China offered starkly different strategies Friday for addressing North Korea’s escalating nuclear threat as President Donald Trump’s top diplomat demanded full enforcement of economic sanctions on Pyongyang and urged new penalties. Stepping… Read Post → Acosta sworn in as 27th US labor secretary April 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Immigration, Mike Pence, Republican Party, Supreme Court, Taxes Towns: Litchfield Hills, Warren CT - no comments   WASHINGTON (AP) — Vice President Mike Pence has sworn in Alex Acosta as the nation’s new labor secretary, filling out President Donald Trump’s Cabinet as he approaches his 100th day in office. The oath-taking Friday comes after the Senate’s… Read Post → Congress OKs bill averting Saturday gov’t shutdown April 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Abortion, Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Republican Party - no comments   WASHINGTON (AP) — With just hours to spare, Congress easily approved a short-term spending bill Friday that would prevent a partial federal shutdown over the weekend. But on President Donald Trump’s 99th day in office, lawmakers were leaving until… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Two injured in head-on crash in Torrington 3 hours ago UConn DB taken in second round by Raiders 4 hours ago Yanks rally from 8 down to top Orioles in 10th 4 hours ago Bradley scores 23; Celtics eliminate Bulls 4 hours ago Epstein back at Fenway for 1st time since leaving Sox 4 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Have you spotted a tick recently? I had one on me I was bitten On my pet I've spotted them in my yard No, I haven't seen one View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments freepress on Allowing hunting of bears would solve nothing freepress on Ex-con mayor considers run for governor of Connecticut freepress on No guns at gun convention with president there saints on No guns at gun convention with president there conservative1 on Allowing hunting of bears would solve nothing Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 04/26/2017 01-15-18-26-51 PB-26Next Drawing: Sat. Apr. 29Next Jackpot: $113.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $70.7 Mega Millions for 04/28/2017 06-13-18-20-31 MB-13 MP-4Next Drawing: Tue. May. 2Next Jackpot: $15.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $9.1 Lotto! for 04/28/2017 01-02-08-10-16-27Next Drawing: Tue. May. 2Next Jackpot: $1.9 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,548,000 Lucky for Life for 04/27/2017 03-19-39-42-44 LB-02Next Drawing: Mon. May. 1 Cash5 for 04/28/2017 01-06-07-10-13 Upcoming Events Apr 21 Fri all-day Noni Cimino’s Kitchen @ Milford Center for the Arts Noni Cimino’s Kitchen @ Milford Center for the Arts Apr 21 – May 7 all-day Award-winning Pantochino Productions Inc. presents a new musical about a lovable, sharp-witted Italian grandmother. She’ll make you laugh. She’ll make you cry. She’ll make you lasagna. Meet her and the entire Italian-American family in this hilarious, big-hearted new musical about... Apr 28 Fri 5:00 pm Annual Museum Sleep-In! @ White Memorial Conservation Center Annual Museum Sleep-In! @ White Memorial Conservation Center Apr 28 @ 5:00 pm – Apr 29 @ 12:00 pm Includes nature crafts and food, grades 4-6 only, advanced registration required by April 21. Apr 29 Sat all-day Art Exhibit @ Crescent Gallery Art Exhibit @ Crescent Gallery Apr 29 – May 14 all-day “Over the Rainbow.” Meet-and-greet with the artists 10 a.m.-1 p.m. on Thursdays. Exhibit ends May 14. 6:00 am Beaver Walk @ White Memorial Conservation Center Beaver Walk @ White Memorial Conservation Center Apr 29 @ 6:00 am Walk along Pine Island and Little Pond trails with Gerri Griswold, coffee and muffins will follow, dress for the weather. Meet in the A.B. Ceder Room, Donations accepted. 7:00 am Naugatuck Community Choir Fundra... @ DataComm parking lot Naugatuck Community Choir Fundra... @ DataComm parking lot Apr 29 @ 7:00 am Those who are interesting in participating can sell all the junk they can fit into their trunk. Set up is 7 to 9 a.m. Contact Frank for information on registration. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Trump is engineering a con job on the American people Lawmakers slam Wilby suspensions over dress code Trump to sign order to expand offshore drilling Police investigate death of Waterbury man whose body was found at Torrington inn Juvenile arrested after stealing car, leading police on chase Today Week Month All Police investigate death of Waterbury man whose body was found at Torrington inn Listen to the 911 call from Torrington homicide Police find over 12 pounds of marijuana in Oakville apartment Litchfield trooper arrested, suspended Ernest A. DiPietro Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mulesoft Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mulesoft Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lourd Capital LLC Has $326,000 Stake in Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Stake Held by Reilly Herbert Faulkner III Cisco Systems Inc. Buys Shares of 1,489,078 Mulesoft Inc (MULE) Lennar Co. (LEN) Shares Sold by Greenhaven Associates Inc. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Position Maintained by Hoertkorn Richard Charles Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Peoples Financial Corp (PFBX) Issues Earnings Results JMP Group Inc. (JMP) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Zacks: Brokerages Expect Cardiome Pharma Corp (CRME) Will Post Earnings of -$0.15 Per Share Kirby Co. (KEX) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Aqua America Inc (WTR) Stake Held by Northstar Asset Management LLC First Bank & Trust Purchases New Position in Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) First Bank & Trust Has $328,000 Stake in Flowserve Corp (FLS) Dowling & Yahnke LLC Purchases Shares of 2,880 Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Dowling & Yahnke LLC Has $1,640,000 Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) iShares S&P NA Tec. Semi. Idx. Fd.(ETF) (SOXX) Shares Sold by Dowling & Yahnke LLC EnLink Midstream Partners LP (ENLK) Shares Bought by Conning Inc. Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Cisco Systems Inc. Buys Shares of 1,489,078 Mulesoft Inc (MULE) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cisco Systems Inc. bought a new position in shares of Mulesoft Inc (NASDAQ:MULE) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor bought 1,489,078 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $36,229,000. Mulesoft makes up approximately 4.7% of Cisco Systems Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 3rd largest position. Cisco Systems Inc. owned about 5.52% of Mulesoft at the end of the most recent quarter. Separately, Strs Ohio acquired a new position in Mulesoft during the first quarter worth $121,000. Shares of Mulesoft Inc (NASDAQ:MULE) traded up 1.32% on Thursday, hitting $23.03. 304,049 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s market cap is $620.89 million. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $23.14 and its 200-day moving average is $23.14. Mulesoft Inc has a 1-year low of $21.60 and a 1-year high of $25.92. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/cisco-systems-inc-buys-shares-of-1489078-mulesoft-inc-mule.html. MULE has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. William Blair reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Sunday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $25.00 target price for the company. Jefferies Group LLC initiated coverage on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $29.00 target price for the company. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $25.00 target price for the company. Finally, Bank of America Corp initiated coverage on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $27.00 target price for the company. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Mulesoft presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $26.00. In other news, major shareholder Brookside Capital Partners Fun sold 10,855 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $23.85, for a total value of $258,891.75. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Adage Capital Partners Gp, L.L sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.06, for a total transaction of $626,500.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 297,155 shares of company stock worth $6,965,843 in the last 90 days. Mulesoft Company Profile MuleSoft, Inc is engaged in providing a software platform that connects a range of technologies. The Company enables organizations to manage and secure the flow of data between all systems in the enterprise. The Company offers organizations to create agile infrastructures. The Company has developed Anypoint Platform. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MULE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mulesoft Inc (NASDAQ:MULE). Receive News & Ratings for Mulesoft Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mulesoft Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact

Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: William West/AFP via Getty Images Mexican Peso, Rupiah Carry-Trade Burnished by Low Volatility by Masaki Kondo More stories by Masaki Kondo and Yumi Teso More stories by Yumi Teso April 27, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT April 28, 2017, 3:24 AM EDT Peso, rupiah most attractive of 26 peers in Bloomberg analysis Gauge of emerging-market carry trades has gained 5.5% in 2017 Sliding volatility in global currency markets is increasing the allure of carry trades and the most appealing targets are the Mexican peso and Indonesian rupiah, according to a Bloomberg analysis. A JPMorgan & Chase Co. gauge of global foreign-exchange volatility dropped to 8.2 percent on Tuesday, the lowest level since November 2014, and down from as high as 12.5 percent in February 2016. An index of carry-trade returns from eight developing nations against the dollar has risen 5.5 percent this year, set for its biggest annual gain since 2012. “Emerging-market currencies are on a better footing as their valuations have become reasonable, the economies are improving and commodities are stabilizing,” said Kengo Suzuki, chief currency strategist at Mizuho Securities Co. in Tokyo. A U.S. economy that’s neither too strong nor too weak means the pace of tightening by the Federal Reserve won’t accelerate, keeping volatility low, he said. In a carry trade, investors typically borrow in developed nations to tap into higher interest rates abroad, earning the spread between the two. The risk is currency moves will wipe out profits. The strategy has been a bright spot for investors amid a global hunt for yields. Higher interest rates and appreciation in emerging-market currencies against the dollar have garnered carry returns of 10 percent for the peso and 2.9 percent for the rupiah this year. To be sure, the difference in borrowing costs alone isn’t enough for traders to close their eyes to political events. The peso, for instance, has been on a roller-coaster ride since Donald Trump won the U.S. election. It fell to record lows earlier before Trump’s inauguration on fears he would undo the trade pact that transformed Latin America’s second-largest economy into an export powerhouse, only to rebound sharply as it looked like those concerns were overdone. Nafta About-Face On Thursday, the peso and Canada’s dollar jumped after Trump said he wasn’t going to quit Nafta at this time, just a day after reports his administration plan to undo the accord. The flip-flop pushed the peso up 0.9 percent following a 1.7 percent loss the day before. Bloomberg’s analysis ranked 26 developed and emerging markets in terms of a carry-to-risk ratio that compares interest-rate differentials with implied currency volatility.  The carry-to-risk ratios for the Mexican peso and Indonesian rupiah show the greatest premium over their five-year average among the currencies analyzed. A separate measure shows the two are not overstretched, being more undervalued than their average since 2012. Methodology The carry-to-risk ratio is computed by subtracting the U.S. dollar’s three-month deposit rate from that of the local currency, and dividing that by three-month implied volatility. PPP Valuation refers to a deviation of the spot exchange rate from an equilibrium rate implied by purchasing-power parity. PPP data are from the International Monetary Fund. The analysis covers the 26 currencies that are either members of the Group of 10, JPMorgan Chase & Co’s Emerging Market Currency Index or Asia Dollar Index. Half of the currencies have lower deposit rates than the U.S. dollar. The Chilean peso is excluded owing to a lack of comparable data. Z-Score Carry to Risk 5-Year Average Standard Deviation MXN 2.4550 0.4185 0.2670 0.0617 IDR 2.0956 0.8654 0.5993 0.1270 PHP 1.1818 0.5792 0.2305 0.2950 TRY 0.4984 0.8461 0.7789 0.1348 RUB 0.3392 0.6776 0.6253 0.1540 ZAR 0.2501 0.3685 0.3359 0.1303 Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Fyre Festival, the Coachella for the Super Rich, Ends in Disaster New Yorkers Flock to Booming Sun Belt as Trek South Resumes Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person You’re Never Going to Get $10,000 for Your United Airlines Seat U.S. Economy Grew 0.7% in First Quarter, Slowest in Three Years Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, April 29, 2017 2:53 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Airlines plummet after American’s ‘worrying precedent’ on pay Friday April 28, 2017 09:28 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Manila pipe bomb injures 14, cops say no Asean summit link Juve caught napping, held to draw by dogged Atalanta What you ought to know about Islamic schools in Malaysia The Edit: World’s oldest gymnast, 92, wows Singapore fans Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Doug Parker (left), then chairman and CEO of US Airways, and Thomas Horton, then chairman, president and CEO of American Airlines speak during a news conference to announce the merger of the two airlines February 14, 2013 in Texas. — AFP picNEW YORK, April 28 — American Airlines Group Inc sent industry stocks reeling after unexpectedly granting pay raises to pilots and flight attendants — a move that weakened the case that carriers are poised to generate steady profits. The pay bumps will add US$930 million (RM4.04 billion) in costs through 2019, American said. Chief Executive Officer Doug Parker reversed his earlier opposition to such mid-contract increases after months of pressure from employees who argued they were falling behind counterparts at rival carriers. Stepped-up compensation at American is fuelling doubts about airlines’ ability to avoid spiralling costs and cash in on industry consolidation that’s supposed to lead to steady returns after decades of boom and bust. Berkshire Hathaway Inc, billionaire Warren Buffett’s company, became one of the biggest shareholders in American and its rivals last year, rewarding Parker’s efforts to woo investors with the promise of a new era for airlines. The compensation action “establishes a worrying precedent, in our view, both for American and the industry,” Jamie Baker, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co, said in a note yesterday. “In our minds, this is a seminal event, and represents the first credible potential blow to our long-held ‘it’s different this time’ investment thesis.” Higher pay could reduce American’s 2017 earnings per share by 29 cents and 2018 results by 46 cents, said Baker. He cut his recommendation on American to neutral from overweight. American tumbled 7 per cent to US$43.17 at 12.17pm in New York after dropping as much as 8.6 per cent for the biggest intraday decline in 10 months. A Bloomberg index of US airlines fell as much as 4.3 per cent, the most since Jan 30. Customer service Parker said the pay raises would lead to better customer service and improve the airline’s fortunes in the long term. The CEO has struggled to improve a long history of strained management-union relations at Fort Worth, Texas-based American since assuming control of the airline after its 2013 merger with US Airways. “It’s a move that might surprise or even dismay some of you because it adds costs to the airline, but we couldn’t be more convicted about doing it,” he told investors and analysts on a conference call after announcing earnings. “This increase in our near-term expenses in no way changes our view about our long-term prospects.” American isn’t the only carrier wrestling with higher expenses. Southwest Airlines Co’s costs jumped as higher wage rates took effect for pilots and flight attendants under contracts that were ratified last year. The company is also investing in a new reservation system. ‘Intensely focused’ Costs for each seat flown a mile climbed 6.9 per cent even after excluding the effect of oil, special items and profit-sharing, the Dallas-based carrier said in a statement. That was at the high end of the company’s forecast. “We remain intensely focused on controlling costs,” Southwest CEO Gary Kelly said in the statement. He said the pressures should “abate dramatically” later this year. Southwest fell 3.3 per cent to US$55.07. An earlier decline of as much as 4.3 per cent was the biggest intraday slide since November. Investors were probably disappointed by Southwest’s cost outlook on higher employee wages and fuel prices and its lack of progress in improving average fares, said Logan Purk, an analyst at Edward Jones. “Those combined are a bit too much of a headwind for Southwest to offset,” he said in an interview. Pricing gains Cost pressures are increasing at American just as it’s finally strengthening its grip on fares. Revenue for each seat flown a mile, a proxy for pricing power, will rise 3 per cent to 5 per cent in the current quarter, the carrier said in a statement Thursday. That would be the third straight gain in the benchmark measure as American emerges from the aftermath of a fare war that erupted in 2015. American reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of 61 cents a share, topping the 57-cent average of analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sales were US$9.62 billion, in line with estimates. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Ringgit to trade firmer against US dollar next week on buying support Trump to order study on abuses of US trade agreements Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years California enacts US$52b fuel tax hike for road, bridge repairs Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years Why are global players chasing Proton? Petronas denies selling stake in US$1b Miri offshore project 1MDB, IPIC settle debt dispute Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Nationwide strike hobbles Brazil Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Here’s the first trailer for ‘Kingsman: The Golden Circle’ Related Articles American Airlines apologises for onboard clash over stroller Paris under siege: American Airlines delays Paris flights; United operates as planned Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null
Skip to main content Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Saturday, April 29, 2017 Home Latest News Devolved Corruption Off Beat Pictorial The Conversation World Today's Paper Corridors of Power Politics Profile Regional Central Coast Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western Business Commentary Aly Khan Andrea Bohnstedt Chris Harrison James Mbugua Karen Kandie Features Property Sport Chess - B & W Gun Point Radull Predicts Opinion Alex Awiti Gwynne Dyer Hassan Ole Naado John Githongo Koigi Wamwere Miguna Miguna Moses Kuria Ngunjiri Wambugu Njonjo Kihuria Okech Kendo Patrick Gathara Project Syndicate Wycliffe Muga Yash Ghai Health Star Life Big Interview Columnist 5-Minute Interview Ask Valentine Diary of a Mum Family Law Medic's View Mutoko on Monday Parenting The Extreme Side Fashion Feature Agriculture Education Science & Environment Technology Society Asian Scene Just Bollywood Word Is Weekend Sasa Bushman Adventures G-Spot Love Matters Nairobi Living Samantha Chronicles The Last Round Siasa Katiba Corner Classified Cars Electronics Home & Garden Jobs Kids Pets Property Services Videos Sections...HomeLatest News - Devolved Corruption - Off Beat - Pictorial - The Conversation - WorldToday's Paper - Corridors of Power - Politics Profile - RegionalBusiness - Commentary - Features - Property Sport - Chess - B & W - Gun Point - Radull PredictsOpinion - Alex Awiti - Gwynne Dyer - Hassan Ole Naado - John Githongo - Koigi Wamwere - Miguna Miguna - Moses Kuria - Ngunjiri Wambugu - Njonjo Kihuria - Okech Kendo - Patrick Gathara - Project Syndicate - Wycliffe Muga - Yash GhaiHealthStar Life - Big Interview - Columnist - Fashion - Feature - Society - Word IsWeekend - Sasa - SiasaClassified - Cars - Electronics - Home & Garden - Jobs - Kids - Pets - Property - Services Videos Home Business Local Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS More firms cut Kenya’s 2017 growth prospects Apr. 28, 2017, 12:15 am By CONSTANT MUNDA @mundaconstant World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim (L) confers with IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde prior to the start of the Development Committee Plenary, as part of the IMF and World Bank's 2017 Annual Spring Meetings, in Washington, U.S., April 22, 2017. REUTERs Facebook Twitter Google+ WhatsApp Email World’s leading banks, think-tanks and consultancies have joined the queue in downgrading the country’s growth outlook for 2017, citing slowdown in private sector credit and dampening business sentiment ahead of August polls. A consensus growth projection from 12 global institutions shows the country’s economy is likely to expand by 5.4 per cent, a slower growth than 5.8 per cent last year. The firms are JPMorgan of the US ( 4.9 per cent), HSBC of UK ( 5.0 per cent), Standard Chartered Bank ( 4.5 per cent), Barclays Capital ( 5.7 per cent) and New York-based brokerage firm Citigroup Global Markets ( 5.2 per cent). Others are Fitch Ratings-owned BMI Research ( 5.6 per cent), consultancy firm Capital Economics of UK ( 5.5 per cent), Washington-headquartered Frontier Strategy ( 4.6 per cent), Economist Intelligence Unit ( 5.5 per cent) and credit insurance firm Euler Hermes of France ( 6.5 per cent). Oxford Economics, the Oxford University’s economic forecasting arm, sees Kenya growing by 6.4 per cent while Euromonitor International, a London-headquartered research firm, projects a 5.6 per cent growth. “GDP growth is expected to slow this year, as the interest rate cap continues to choke business investment,” economists at FocusEconomics, the Barcelona-based macroeconomic analysis firm, said in a consensus report. “In addition, political uncertainty around the August presidential election could dampen business sentiment.” The analysts said last year’s growth of 5.8 per cent was largely supported by external sector. Import bill reduced due to low crude oil prices while exports continued to grow, though at a slower pace, denoting demand in foreign markets, they said. “This offset weaker domestic demand, as both private and government consumption slowed and fixed investment swung to contraction, with the latter trend aggravated by the government’s decision to cap interest rates in September,” FocusEconomics said. The powerful Bretton Woods institutions –the World Bank Group and the International Monetary Fund – have piled pressure on the government to scrap rate cap to spur domestic demand, which has traditionally supported growth. “Although the adverse effects of the controls are manageable in the near term, if maintained, they could potentially pose a risk to financial stability,” IMF deputy managing director and acting chair Tao Zhang said in a statement on January 26. Thank you for participating in discussions on The Star, Kenya. Note that: Unwarranted personal abuse and defamatory statements will be deleted. Strong personal criticism is acceptable if justified by facts and arguments. Deviation from points of discussion may lead to deletion of comments. View the discussion thread. Video Vault Poll of the day Most Popular 1 I won bet, pay my Sh1m, Shahbal tells Kalonzo 2 Bishop Wanjiru admitted at Nairobi hospital, Kabogo spotted at premises 3 Corridors of Power 4 Nasa line up raw deal for Kambas, we will not play second fiddle - Nyenze 5 Battle not over for JP and NASA candidates in swing counties 6 I will defend Bomet top seat – Rutto 7 'Lesbian' lover reacts to gospel star who proposed to fiancé 8 Kisumu residents celebrate as ODM issues Ouda certificate 9 Heavy rains coming this weekend, Met warns 10 Jubilee blackmails and strangles media, says CPJ report Must read Nasa line up raw deal for Kambas, we will not play second fiddle - Nyenze How the Star remained top on NASA’s journey Mechanic, cook defy odds to clinch JP tickets in primaries 49% NASA supporters back Raila-Kalonzo pair I will lead you to the promised land – Raila Is Ruto the ‘someone’ who wanted Kabogo out in the cold? Latest News Rigging, chaos mar party primary votes - observers Athletics-Kenya says another 'high-profile athlete' failed doping test Breakthrough as Kenya poised to elect first female governors Jubilee tribunal receives 93 appeals, to deliver rulings Saturday Kisumu residents celebrate as ODM issues Ouda certificate Bishop Wanjiru admitted at Nairobi hospital, Kabogo spotted at premises Popular in classifieds POPULAR SEARCHES IN CLASSIFIEDS Accounting jobs in kenya Cars for sale in Kenya Casual Jobs in Kenya Cheap cars for sale in Kenya Graphic design Jobs in Kenya Sales and marketing Jobs in Kenya Agriculture Job in Kenya Clerical Jobs in Kenya CPA Jobs in Kenya Gis jobs Popular in Latest news 1 NASA supporters throng Uhuru Park for big day 2 [VIDEO] Musila ditches Wiper after losing Kitui primaries, cites row with Kalonzo 3 Comedian John Kiarie beats former governor hopeful Dennis Waweru 4 Sonko, Sakaja and Shebesh maintain steady lead in Nairobi Jubilee polls Popular in National news 1 Wambora wins Embu Jubilee ticket, beats Mbarire with over 18,000 votes 2 IEBC to train 150,000 cops before August 8 contest Popular in Business news 1 Kenya to reap from Sh380m nuclear kitty 2 Public entities lag in embracing mobile money Partner sites Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Follow The Star, Kenya Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Online services Mobile App (Android) Mobile App (iOS) The Star, Classifieds The Star, Health The Star, e-Paper © 2017 The Star, Kenya. All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Navient Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Navient Corp (NAVI) Shares Bought by Coconut Grove Bank Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $6.894 Million Stake in Visteon Corp (VC) Advisor Partners LLC Takes Position in AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $3.539 Million Position in Emcor Group Inc (EME) InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) Position Lowered by Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Shares Bought by Coconut Grove Bank Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Purchases 451 Shares of Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Quadrant Capital Management LLC Acquires 800 Shares of Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Purchases 91,680 Shares of Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Cognex Co. (CGNX) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS National Bankshares Inc. (NKSH) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Announces Earnings Results Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Posts Earnings Results Analysts Set Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Price Target at $11.75 Brokerages Set WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Target Price at $9.80 Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Receives $19.04 Average Target Price from Analysts Supervalu Inc. (SVU) Receives $5.33 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Receives $27.00 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Navient Corp (NAVI) Shares Bought by Coconut Grove Bank April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Coconut Grove Bank raised its stake in shares of Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) by 107.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 6,960 shares of the credit services provider’s stock after buying an additional 3,600 shares during the period. Coconut Grove Bank’s holdings in Navient Corp were worth $103,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Navient Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $79,843,000. Fiera Capital Corp raised its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 203.0% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 2,466,737 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $40,528,000 after buying an additional 1,652,762 shares during the last quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 91.4% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 2,955,550 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $48,560,000 after buying an additional 1,411,450 shares during the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 55.1% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 2,943,565 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $48,363,000 after buying an additional 1,045,966 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cornell University acquired a new stake in shares of Navient Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $10,559,000. Institutional investors own 93.89% of the company’s stock. Shares of Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) traded down 2.19% on Friday, reaching $15.20. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,792,695 shares. Navient Corp has a 12-month low of $11.01 and a 12-month high of $17.95. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $14.81 and its 200 day moving average price is $15.43. The company has a market cap of $4.33 billion, a P/E ratio of 8.00 and a beta of 2.57. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The credit services provider reported $0.36 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.42 by $0.06. Navient Corp had a return on equity of 15.65% and a net margin of 13.72%. The company earned $334 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $345.60 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.43 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 19.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Navient Corp will post $1.80 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be given a $0.16 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.21%. Navient Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 30.19%. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/navient-corp-navi-shares-bought-by-coconut-grove-bank.html. NAVI has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Navient Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Navient Corp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Navient Corp in a report on Friday, January 27th. Credit Suisse Group AG lowered Navient Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $18.50 to $18.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $20.00 price target on Navient Corp and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $17.75. In other news, Director Gilleland Diane Suitt sold 5,467 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.89, for a total value of $86,870.63. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Insiders own 1.05% of the company’s stock. About Navient Corp Navient Corporation provides asset management and business processing services to education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state and local levels. The Company holds the portfolio of education loans insured or federally guaranteed under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NAVI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI). Receive News & Ratings for Navient Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ING Groep NV (ING) Shares Sold by Camelot Portfolios LLC Camelot Portfolios LLC Acquires Shares of 35,100 Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS) Arete Wealth Advisors LLC Raises Stake in U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) Arete Wealth Advisors LLC Raises Position in New Gold Inc. (NGD) Sun Communities Inc (SUI) Shares Sold by Well Done LLC Camelot Portfolios LLC Purchases New Position in Federated Investors Inc (FII) Corporate Office Properties Trust (OFC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results CubeSmart (CUBE) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Chegg Inc (CHGG) to Release Earnings on Monday Analysts Anticipate Sunworks Inc (SUNW) to Announce -$0.11 Earnings Per Share Markel Corp Acquires 50,000 Shares of The Carlyle Group LP (CG) Markel Corp Has $13,315,000 Position in Msci Inc (MSCI) Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Stake Maintained by Brookstone Capital Management Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Stake Raised by Brookstone Capital Management Cadence Bank NA Has $254,000 Position in GGP Inc (GGP) Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Stake Held by Cadence Bank NA Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Reduced by Orca Investment Management LLC Horseman Capital Management Ltd Invests $690,000 in Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc (EGLE) Orca Investment Management LLC Has $2.705 Million Stake in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Orca Investment Management LLC Purchases Shares of 24,937 Aecom (ACM) ING Groep NV (ING) Shares Sold by Camelot Portfolios LLC April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Camelot Portfolios LLC decreased its stake in ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) by 15.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 48,632 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 8,567 shares during the period. Camelot Portfolios LLC’s holdings in ING Groep NV were worth $734,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Riverhead Capital Management LLC boosted its position in ING Groep NV by 157.6% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 10,200 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 6,240 shares during the last quarter. Glovista Investments LLC purchased a new position in ING Groep NV during the fourth quarter valued at $144,000. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. purchased a new position in ING Groep NV during the fourth quarter valued at $169,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in ING Groep NV by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 13,556 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $192,000 after buying an additional 99 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Atlas Brown Inc. purchased a new position in ING Groep NV during the first quarter valued at $196,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 1.82% of the company’s stock. ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) traded up 0.12% during trading on Friday, reaching $16.28. 5,349,904 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. ING Groep NV has a 12 month low of $9.26 and a 12 month high of $16.51. The company has a market cap of $63.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.84 and a beta of 1.38. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $15.27 and its 200 day moving average is $14.30. The company also recently disclosed a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a $0.451 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 6.15%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 9th. This is an increase from ING Groep NV’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.14. ING Groep NV’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 45.11%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “ING Groep NV (ING) Shares Sold by Camelot Portfolios LLC” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/ing-groep-nv-ing-shares-sold-by-camelot-portfolios-llc.html. Several research firms have weighed in on ING. Jefferies Group LLC began coverage on shares of ING Groep NV in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Societe Generale cut shares of ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of ING Groep NV from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. ING Groep NV has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $17.00. ING Groep NV Company Profile ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ING? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING). Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results LKQ Co. (LKQ) Posts Earnings Results Mobile Mini Inc (MINI) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Nomura Holdings Inc (NMR) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Brokerages Set Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Price Target at $112.67 Brokerages Set Ithaca Energy Inc (IAE) Price Target at $93.14 Brokerages Set Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Price Target at $61.54 $0.12 EPS Expected for Office Depot Inc (ODP) This Quarter Horseman Capital Management Ltd Takes Position in Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Horseman Capital Management Ltd Invests $35.46 Million in KB Home (KBH) Canadian Natural Resource Ltd (CNQ) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $34.429 Million Position in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Horseman Capital Management Ltd Invests $14.512 Million in POSCO (PKX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $37.232 Million Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Position in Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Stake Held by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $215.353 Million Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Boosts Position in Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Acquires 1,300 Shares of Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) LKQ Co. (LKQ) Posts Earnings Results April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday. The auto parts company reported $0.49 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. LKQ had a return on equity of 16.41% and a net margin of 5.48%. The business had revenue of $2.34 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.31 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.42 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 21.9% on a year-over-year basis. LKQ updated its FY17 guidance to $1.82-1.92 EPS. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) traded up 0.16% on Friday, hitting $31.24. The stock had a trading volume of 3,272,438 shares. The firm has a market cap of $9.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.90 and a beta of 0.51. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $29.31 and its 200 day moving average price is $31.37. LKQ has a 52-week low of $27.85 and a 52-week high of $36.35. In related news, EVP John S. Quinn sold 8,522 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $31.67, for a total value of $269,891.74. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 269,197 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,525,468.99. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Robert L. Wagman sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.13, for a total transaction of $903,900.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 319,380 shares in the company, valued at $9,622,919.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN purchased a new stake in LKQ during the fourth quarter worth $107,000. TLP Group LLC bought a new position in shares of LKQ during the third quarter worth approximately $125,000. Cantab Capital Partners LLP bought a new position in shares of LKQ during the fourth quarter worth approximately $146,000. Conning Inc. bought a new position in shares of LKQ during the third quarter worth approximately $216,000. Finally, Two Sigma Securities LLC bought a new position in shares of LKQ during the third quarter worth approximately $242,000. 88.66% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “LKQ Co. (LKQ) Posts Earnings Results” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/lkq-co-lkq-posts-earnings-results.html. LKQ has been the topic of a number of research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on LKQ in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $41.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded LKQ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, December 29th. William Blair reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of LKQ in a report on Monday, February 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 price objective on shares of LKQ in a report on Thursday. Finally, FBR & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $41.00 price objective (up previously from $40.00) on shares of LKQ in a report on Friday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $39.25. About LKQ LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JD.Com Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $215.353 Million Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Boosts Position in Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Acquires 1,300 Shares of Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Hbm Healthcare Investments (Ca Sells 15,939 Shares of Nabriva Therapeutics AG – (NBRV) Stock Insider Selling: Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) CEO Sells 25,400 Shares of Stock Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Baylin Technologies Inc (BYL) to Release Earnings on Monday Intel Co. (INTC) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Announces Earnings Results Bioamber Inc (BIOA) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Meredith Co. (MDP) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Cargojet Inc (CJT) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Stratasys, Ltd. (SSYS) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN Splunk Inc (SPLK) Shares Sold by Wells Fargo & Company MN Fomento Economico Mexicano SAB (FMX) Position Lowered by Wells Fargo & Company MN Adams Natural Resources Fund Inc. Increases Position in Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Linscomb & Williams Inc. Has $3,563,000 Position in Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $215.353 Million Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Canada Pension Plan Investment Board boosted its position in JD.Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD) by 0.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 6,922,300 shares of the information services provider’s stock after buying an additional 2,000 shares during the period. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board owned approximately 0.49% of JD.Com worth $215,353,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in JD. Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. bought a new position in shares of JD.Com during the third quarter worth about $2,991,374,000. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in shares of JD.Com during the fourth quarter worth about $1,051,612,000. Viking Global Investors LP raised its position in shares of JD.Com by 38.3% in the fourth quarter. Viking Global Investors LP now owns 37,681,432 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $958,616,000 after buying an additional 10,427,102 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its position in shares of JD.Com by 135.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 19,174,688 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $487,804,000 after buying an additional 11,029,728 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Generation Investment Management LLP raised its position in shares of JD.Com by 12.6% in the third quarter. Generation Investment Management LLP now owns 12,612,903 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $329,071,000 after buying an additional 1,407,934 shares in the last quarter. 49.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of JD.Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD) traded down 0.65% on Friday, hitting $35.07. 4,759,964 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. JD.Com Inc has a 1-year low of $19.51 and a 1-year high of $35.50. The company’s market cap is $49.74 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $32.35 and its 200 day moving average price is $28.51. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 2nd. The information services provider reported ($0.18) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.06) by $0.12. JD.Com had a negative return on equity of 28.18% and a negative net margin of 4.18%. The company had revenue of $80.25 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $76.30 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($0.07) EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 47.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that JD.Com Inc will post $0.24 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/canada-pension-plan-investment-board-has-215-353-million-stake-in-jd-com-inc-jd.html. JD has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Brean Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of JD.Com in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Vetr upgraded shares of JD.Com from a “sell” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $36.18 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of JD.Com from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $32.00 to $39.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Pacific Crest began coverage on shares of JD.Com in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. They set an “overweight” rating and a $40.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Morgan Stanley restated an “overweight” rating and set a $33.00 price objective (up previously from $27.00) on shares of JD.Com in a research report on Monday, February 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $32.71. JD.Com Company Profile JD.com, Inc is an online direct sales company. The Company engages in the sale of electronics and home appliance products and general merchandise products (including audio, video products and books) sourced from manufacturers, distributors and publishers in China on the Internet through its Website, www.jd.com. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JD.Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD). Receive News & Ratings for JD.Com Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Horseman Capital Management Ltd Takes Position in Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Horseman Capital Management Ltd Invests $35.46 Million in KB Home (KBH) Canadian Natural Resource Ltd (CNQ) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $34.429 Million Position in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Horseman Capital Management Ltd Invests $14.512 Million in POSCO (PKX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $37.232 Million Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Position in Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Stake Held by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $215.353 Million Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Boosts Position in Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Acquires 1,300 Shares of Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Hbm Healthcare Investments (Ca Sells 15,939 Shares of Nabriva Therapeutics AG – (NBRV) Stock Insider Selling: Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) CEO Sells 25,400 Shares of Stock Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Baylin Technologies Inc (BYL) to Release Earnings on Monday Intel Co. (INTC) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Announces Earnings Results Bioamber Inc (BIOA) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Meredith Co. (MDP) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $37.232 Million Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Canada Pension Plan Investment Board increased its stake in shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 29.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 469,743 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 107,100 shares during the period. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board owned 0.34% of Bunge worth $37,232,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BG. LSV Asset Management increased its position in Bunge by 58.1% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 4,517,677 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $267,581,000 after buying an additional 1,660,645 shares during the period. Lesa Sroufe & Co increased its position in Bunge by 1.6% in the third quarter. Lesa Sroufe & Co now owns 61,527 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $3,644,000 after buying an additional 967 shares during the period. Osborne Partners Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Bunge during the third quarter valued at $2,130,000. TradeLink Capital LLC bought a new position in Bunge during the third quarter valued at $294,000. Finally, Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in Bunge by 0.5% in the third quarter. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC now owns 9,475 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $561,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 78.49% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded up 0.69% during trading on Friday, hitting $79.03. The stock had a trading volume of 1,179,318 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $78.93 and a 200 day moving average price of $72.12. Bunge Ltd has a 12-month low of $56.69 and a 12-month high of $82.66. The firm has a market cap of $11.03 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.77 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The basic materials company reported $1.70 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.56 by $0.14. The business had revenue of $12.06 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11.43 billion. Bunge had a return on equity of 10.38% and a net margin of 1.58%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 8.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.49 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Bunge Ltd will post $6.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be given a dividend of $0.42 per share. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.13%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s payout ratio is presently 37.75%. WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/canada-pension-plan-investment-board-has-37-232-million-position-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. Several research firms recently weighed in on BG. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $85.00 target price on Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Bunge currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $77.25. In related news, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total value of $47,410.35. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $440,284.65. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total value of $1,002,685.32. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares in the company, valued at $5,531,891.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Barclays in surprise trading drop Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               Barclays became the latest European bank to post disappointing first-quarter trading results that failed to live up to the gains American firms reported. Bloomberg News reports that the firm posted a surprise drop in fixed-income trading revenue, in contrast with a collective 24 percent jump achieved by its five largest American counterparts. Income from equities, the other main trading business, also fell more than expected. “We didn’t have the uptick that a number of the U.S. banks did,” Staley said in a Bloomberg Television interview. “We could have done a little better on the U.S. rates side, but we’re not going to make any judgments on one quarter.” The trading performance marked the first quarter under Tim Throsby, who was poached from JPMorgan Chase & Co. last year to help turn around the investment bank. Staley has touted the need for Europe to have a successful investment bank based in the region, as American firms have seized share in the trading and merger advisory businesses in recent years. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: Barclays Posts Surprise Drop in First-Quarter Trading Revenue UBS Clients Return From Sidelines as Wealth Business Surges Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Heidrick & Struggles International Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Heidrick & Struggles International Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS KINNEVIK AB SER'B'NPV (KNVKF) Issues Earnings Results Intelsat SA (I) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.16 EPS Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Has $4.466 Million Position in Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Cuts Position in Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Chemed Co. (CHE) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Raises Position in Cemex SAB de CV (CX) Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Has $234,000 Stake in Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Has $330,000 Stake in Enerplus Corp (ERF) Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Maintains Stake in Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Stake Held by Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Greenleaf Trust Buys 116,170 Shares of Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Greenleaf Trust Takes Position in Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL) 5,083 Shares in The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Acquired by Greenleaf Trust Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) Position Lowered by Oxbow Advisors LLC Oxbow Advisors LLC Decreases Position in Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Oxbow Advisors LLC Takes Position in Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (BKD) Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) Stake Cut by Oxbow Advisors LLC Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSII) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. The firm presently has a $25.00 price target on the business services provider’s stock. Zacks Investment Research’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 16.28% from the company’s previous close. According to Zacks, “Heidrick & Struggles International is one of the leading global executive search firms. With years of experience in fulfilling their clients’ leadership needs, Heidrick & Struggles offers and conducts executive search services in every major business center in the world. They focus on identifying, evaluating and recommending qualified candidates for senior level executive positions. Through their worldwide network of professionals, they provide executive search services to a broad range of clients. “ Separately, Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on Heidrick & Struggles International from $25.00 to $27.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Shares of Heidrick & Struggles International (NASDAQ:HSII) traded down 1.15% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $21.50. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 181,455 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $25.17 and a 200 day moving average of $22.74. Heidrick & Struggles International has a 12 month low of $16.23 and a 12 month high of $27.10. The company has a market cap of $401.41 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.54 and a beta of 1.62. Heidrick & Struggles International (NASDAQ:HSII) last released its earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The business services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.02. Heidrick & Struggles International had a net margin of 2.76% and a return on equity of 6.55%. The company earned $140 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $144.98 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.18 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 7.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Heidrick & Struggles International will post $1.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be paid a $0.13 dividend. This represents a $0.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. Heidrick & Struggles International’s payout ratio is 60.47%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/heidrick-struggles-international-inc-hsii-stock-rating-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Heidrick & Struggles International news, Director John A. Fazio sold 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.50, for a total value of $25,500.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 14,452 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $368,526. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Heidrick & Struggles International during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,069,000. Public Sector Pension Investment Board increased its stake in shares of Heidrick & Struggles International by 10.9% in the fourth quarter. Public Sector Pension Investment Board now owns 13,207 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $319,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the period. Royce & Associates LP increased its stake in shares of Heidrick & Struggles International by 50.3% in the fourth quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 667,596 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $16,122,000 after buying an additional 223,459 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Heidrick & Struggles International by 12.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 101,423 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $1,881,000 after buying an additional 11,256 shares during the period. Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its stake in shares of Heidrick & Struggles International by 29.0% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 80,854 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $1,954,000 after buying an additional 18,161 shares during the period. 86.40% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Heidrick & Struggles International Company Profile Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc is an advisory firm providing executive search, leadership consulting and culture shaping services to businesses and business leaders around the world. Its segments include Executive Search, Leadership Consulting and Culture Shaping. It operates its executive search services in three geographic regions: the Americas (which includes the countries in North and South America); Europe (which includes the continents of Europe and Africa), and Asia Pacific (which includes Asia and the region generally known as the Middle East). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Heidrick & Struggles International (HSII) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Heidrick & Struggles International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Heidrick & Struggles International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Stake Maintained by Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Lowers Position in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Camden Property Trust (CPT) Stake Raised by Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS KINNEVIK AB SER'B'NPV (KNVKF) Issues Earnings Results Intelsat SA (I) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.16 EPS Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Has $4.466 Million Position in Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Cuts Position in Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Chemed Co. (CHE) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Raises Position in Cemex SAB de CV (CX) Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Has $234,000 Stake in Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Has $330,000 Stake in Enerplus Corp (ERF) Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Maintains Stake in Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Stake Held by Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Greenleaf Trust Buys 116,170 Shares of Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Greenleaf Trust Takes Position in Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL) 5,083 Shares in The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Acquired by Greenleaf Trust Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Lowers Position in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Schulhoff & Co. Inc. reduced its stake in shares of Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) by 37.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 3,000 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 1,800 shares during the period. Schulhoff & Co. Inc.’s holdings in Minerals Technologies were worth $229,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Elkfork Partners LLC acquired a new position in Minerals Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $116,000. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Minerals Technologies by 8.1% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,237 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $158,000 after buying an additional 168 shares during the last quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC raised its position in Minerals Technologies by 7.4% in the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC now owns 2,482 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $190,000 after buying an additional 170 shares during the last quarter. Oakbrook Investments LLC acquired a new position in Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $205,000. Finally, Two Sigma Securities LLC acquired a new position in Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $206,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 96.28% of the company’s stock. Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) traded down 1.87% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $78.70. 134,046 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $75.50 and a 200 day moving average price of $76.14. The stock has a market cap of $2.76 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.77 and a beta of 2.04. Minerals Technologies Inc has a 52 week low of $51.29 and a 52 week high of $83.85. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The basic materials company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.05 by $0.03. The business earned $401.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $393.05 million. Minerals Technologies had a return on equity of 15.57% and a net margin of 8.14%. Minerals Technologies’s revenue was down 6.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.00 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Minerals Technologies Inc will post $4.75 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Lowers Position in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX)” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/schulhoff-co-inc-lowers-position-in-minerals-technologies-inc-mtx.html. A number of research firms have recently issued reports on MTX. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Minerals Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Minerals Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Friday, March 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. In other Minerals Technologies news, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 790 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.08, for a total transaction of $62,473.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 31,554 shares in the company, valued at $2,495,290.32. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 7,373 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, February 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.18, for a total value of $576,421.14. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 31,355 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,451,333.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.70% of the company’s stock. About Minerals Technologies Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services around the world. It operates through five segments. The Specialty Minerals produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC) and processed mineral product quicklime (lime). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX). Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exelixis Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exelixis Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News -$0.01 Earnings Per Share Expected for Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.34 Per Share Rubric Capital Management LP Buys New Stake in Constellium NV (CSTM) MDC Partners Inc (MDCA) Shares Bought by Rubric Capital Management LP Rubric Capital Management LP Has $17.52 Million Position in GMS Inc (GMS) Tufton Capital Management Has $356,000 Position in MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Tufton Capital Management Sells 413 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Tufton Capital Management Has $1.067 Million Position in Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) Tufton Capital Management Lowers Position in Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Super Micro Computer, Inc. (SMCI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Zacks: Analysts Set $32.00 Target Price for County Bancorp Inc (ICBK) Davita Inc (DVA) Receives $69.50 Average PT from Brokerages Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Receives $39.00 Average Price Target from Brokerages VWR Corp (VWR) Stake Maintained by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Earns Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Buy Rating for Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc (BW) Stake Increased by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Stake Decreased by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Position Cut by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT) is Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc.’s 2nd Largest Position -$0.01 Earnings Per Share Expected for Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) This Quarter April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts predict that Exelixis, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXEL) will report ($0.01) earnings per share (EPS) for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Five analysts have made estimates for Exelixis’ earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is ($0.03) and the highest is $0.02. Exelixis posted earnings of ($0.27) per share in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year over year growth rate of 96.3%. The firm is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Monday, May 1st. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Exelixis will report full year earnings of $0.04 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.11) to $0.18. For the next financial year, analysts forecast that the company will report earnings of $0.50 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.21 to $1.09. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that that provide coverage for Exelixis. Exelixis (NASDAQ:EXEL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 27th. The biotechnology company reported $0.12 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.01) by $0.13. The business earned $77.58 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $64.88 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.19) EPS. The company’s revenue was up 680.7% compared to the same quarter last year. EXEL has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. William Blair restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Exelixis in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. started coverage on shares of Exelixis in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. They set a “market perform” rating for the company. Needham & Company LLC started coverage on shares of Exelixis in a research note on Friday, March 31st. They issued a “buy” rating and a $28.00 target price for the company. Cann started coverage on shares of Exelixis in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. They issued a “positive” rating for the company. Finally, CIBC started coverage on shares of Exelixis in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. They issued a “market perform” rating for the company. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $18.37. Exelixis (NASDAQ:EXEL) traded up 0.72% on Tuesday, hitting $22.40. The company had a trading volume of 2,468,510 shares. The stock’s market cap is $6.52 billion. Exelixis has a 12-month low of $4.25 and a 12-month high of $23.49. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $21.30 and its 200 day moving average price is $18.08. In other news, CFO Christopher J. Senner sold 11,000 shares of Exelixis stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.80, for a total value of $250,800.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Vincent T. Marchesi sold 40,000 shares of Exelixis stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.98, for a total transaction of $879,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 160,070 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,518,338.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 393,071 shares of company stock valued at $8,784,085 in the last quarter. 5.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Bank of Montreal Can boosted its position in Exelixis by 21.9% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 116,024 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $1,483,000 after buying an additional 20,824 shares during the period. Chicago Equity Partners LLC purchased a new position in Exelixis during the third quarter worth about $2,972,000. Sei Investments Co. purchased a new position in Exelixis during the third quarter worth about $664,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Exelixis by 224.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 551,219 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $7,049,000 after buying an additional 381,146 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in Exelixis by 1,652.5% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 344,253 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $4,403,000 after buying an additional 324,610 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 78.40% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “-$0.01 Earnings Per Share Expected for Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) This Quarter” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/0-01-earnings-per-share-expected-for-exelixis-inc-exel-this-quarter.html. About Exelixis Exelixis, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on discovery, development and commercialization of new medicines to manage care and outcomes for people with cancer. The Company’s cabozantinib product is an inhibitor of multiple tyrosine kinases, including MET, AXL, and VEGF receptors. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Exelixis (EXEL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Exelixis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exelixis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tiger Pacific Capital LP Invests $15.908 Million in 58.com Inc (WUBA) Cottage Street Advisors LLC Sells 2,250 Shares of Core Laboratories (CLB) Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Lowers Stake in Sanofi SA (SNY) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday Vocera Communications Inc (VCRA) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Announces Earnings Results Atlassian Co. PLC (TEAM) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Moog Inc (MOG.A) Issues Earnings Results Phillips 66 Partners LP (PSXP) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS Fair Isaac (FICO) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.29 John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.25 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Stock Price Nuveen Select Tax-Free Incom Portfolio 3 (NXR) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.27 Man Group Plc (MNGPY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Patheon NV (PTHN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.16 Per Share Facebook Inc (FB) Receives $159.61 Average Target Price from Analysts Rockwell Automation (ROK) Receives $136.55 Average Price Target from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Expect Service Co. International (SCI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.31 Per Share Insider Selling: Centene Corp (CNC) Director Sells 4,167 Shares of Stock Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Lowers Stake in Sanofi SA (SNY) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI decreased its stake in Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) by 20.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 10,275 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2,723 shares during the period. Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI’s holdings in Sanofi SA were worth $465,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in SNY. Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. acquired a new position in Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter valued at $109,000. FNY Partners Fund LP acquired a new position in Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter valued at $162,000. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC increased its position in Sanofi SA by 1.9% in the third quarter. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 4,035 shares of the company’s stock valued at $154,000 after buying an additional 74 shares during the last quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC increased its position in Sanofi SA by 31.9% in the third quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC now owns 4,271 shares of the company’s stock valued at $164,000 after buying an additional 1,034 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Huntington National Bank increased its position in Sanofi SA by 3.4% in the first quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 4,455 shares of the company’s stock valued at $202,000 after buying an additional 147 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 9.63% of the company’s stock. Shares of Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) traded up 0.83% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $47.30. 2,167,513 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $45.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $41.63. The company has a market capitalization of $119.45 billion, a PE ratio of 24.31 and a beta of 0.98. Sanofi SA has a 1-year low of $36.81 and a 1-year high of $47.52. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.67 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $8.88 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.87 billion. Sanofi SA had a return on equity of 26.37% and a net margin of 13.66%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Sanofi SA will post $3.00 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a dividend of $1.5771 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a dividend yield of 3.65%. This is a positive change from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. Sanofi SA’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 54.90%. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/parsons-capital-management-inc-ri-lowers-stake-in-sanofi-sa-sny.html. Several research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “hold” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Sunday, January 8th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Sanofi SA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Sanofi SA from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, Argus began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Thursday, April 6th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $50.00 target price for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Sanofi SA has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $62.75. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY). Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Encana Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ares Capital Co. (ARCC) is Cottage Street Advisors LLC’s 6th Largest Position Beck Mack & Oliver LLC Cuts Position in Encana Corp (ECA) Waters Co. (WAT) Shares Sold by Beck Mack & Oliver LLC Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Invests $24.823 Million in Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Buys 74,238 Shares of Expedia Inc (EXPE) ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Raises Position in Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Crescent Point Energy Co. (CPG) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.34 EPS CIRCOR International, Inc. (CIR) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Riverview Bancorp, Inc. (RVSB) Announces Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Kinsale Capital Group Inc (KNSL) Will Announce Earnings of $0.31 Per Share Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Receives $126.91 Consensus PT from Brokerages FY2020 EPS Estimates for Sensient Technologies Co. (SXT) Raised by Gabelli Intralinks Holdings (IL) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds China Life Insurance Co (LFC) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.31 GATX (GMT) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.28 North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows MINDBODY (MB) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Beck Mack & Oliver LLC Cuts Position in Encana Corp (ECA) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Beck Mack & Oliver LLC cut its position in shares of Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) (TSE:ECA) by 8.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 356,190 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after selling 34,400 shares during the period. Beck Mack & Oliver LLC’s holdings in Encana Corp were worth $4,171,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Encana Corp by 0.6% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 23,644 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $277,000 after buying an additional 133 shares during the last quarter. Howard Hughes Medical Institute raised its position in shares of Encana Corp by 0.3% in the first quarter. Howard Hughes Medical Institute now owns 144,220 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $1,689,000 after buying an additional 389 shares during the last quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its position in shares of Encana Corp by 0.8% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 81,900 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $959,000 after buying an additional 670 shares during the last quarter. Investec Asset Management North America Inc. raised its position in shares of Encana Corp by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Investec Asset Management North America Inc. now owns 281,252 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $3,305,000 after buying an additional 926 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Montgomery Investment Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Encana Corp by 0.9% in the third quarter. Montgomery Investment Management Inc. now owns 114,679 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $1,200,000 after buying an additional 993 shares during the last quarter. 64.57% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) traded up 0.47% during trading on Friday, reaching $10.70. 14,009,154 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s market capitalization is $10.41 billion. Encana Corp has a one year low of $5.89 and a one year high of $13.85. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $11.13 and its 200 day moving average price is $11.68. Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The oil and gas company reported $0.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.06. Encana Corp had a positive return on equity of 1.79% and a negative net margin of 40.77%. The firm earned $822 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $771.88 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.13 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Encana Corp will post $0.29 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were given a dividend of $0.015 per share. This represents a $0.06 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.56%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. Encana Corp’s dividend payout ratio is presently -3.97%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Beck Mack & Oliver LLC Cuts Position in Encana Corp (ECA)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/beck-mack-oliver-llc-cuts-position-in-encana-corp-eca.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Encana Corp in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Encana Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. GMP Securities reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $13.25 price target on shares of Encana Corp in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $12.00 price target (down previously from $15.00) on shares of Encana Corp in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Encana Corp in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $16.00 price target on the stock. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $14.07. In other Encana Corp news, Director Clayton Harvey Woitas bought 14,400 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $10.46 per share, with a total value of $150,624.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Over the last ninety days, insiders have bought 29,700 shares of company stock valued at $314,709. Insiders own 0.26% of the company’s stock. Encana Corp Company Profile Encana Corporation is an energy producer that is focused on developing its multi-basin portfolio of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs) producing plays. The Company’s operations also include the marketing of natural gas, oil and NGLs. All of its reserves and production are located in North America. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ECA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) (TSE:ECA). Receive News & Ratings for Encana Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PM CAPITAL Ltd Has $2,655,000 Position in Zhaopin Ltd (ZPIN) Toll Brothers Inc (TOL) Position Boosted by PM CAPITAL Ltd Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI) Shares Bought by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Imperva Inc (IMPV) Shares Sold by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Lumentum Holdings Inc (LITE) Shares Sold by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Has $23.115 Million Stake in Tutor Perini Corp (TPC) Cavium Inc (CAVM) Position Decreased by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Has $24.144 Million Position in Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Shares Bought by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Shares Bought by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Stake Cut by Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI) Position Held by Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Ford Motor Company (F) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Lundin Mining Co. (LUNMF) Releases Earnings Results Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd (CHT) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc. (SCHN) Announces $0.19 Quarterly Dividend J C Penney Company (JCP) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Shares Bought by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Emerald Advisers Inc. PA raised its stake in shares of Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) by 5.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 816,870 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 41,714 shares during the period. Mercury Systems makes up about 1.3% of Emerald Advisers Inc. PA’s portfolio, making the stock its 20th largest position. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA owned 1.99% of Mercury Systems worth $31,899,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of MRCY. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. increased its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 1.1% in the third quarter. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. now owns 11,005 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $270,000 after buying an additional 115 shares during the last quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 1.7% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 8,880 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $218,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the last quarter. Profund Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 2.9% in the first quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 8,143 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $318,000 after buying an additional 230 shares during the last quarter. US Bancorp DE increased its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 4.4% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 7,852 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $193,000 after buying an additional 332 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Friess Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Friess Associates LLC now owns 26,562 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $803,000 after buying an additional 355 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 79.14% of the company’s stock. Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) traded up 0.13% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $37.38. The company had a trading volume of 553,203 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $38.72 and its 200-day moving average price is $33.06. Mercury Systems Inc has a one year low of $19.78 and a one year high of $40.86. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 64.56 and a beta of 0.50. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.14 by $0.02. Mercury Systems had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 6.53%. The firm earned $107.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $105.54 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.25 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 62.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Mercury Systems Inc will post $0.70 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Shares Bought by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/mercury-systems-inc-mrcy-shares-bought-by-emerald-advisers-inc-pa.html. Several brokerages have issued reports on MRCY. Noble Financial reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Mercury Systems in a research report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Mercury Systems from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, April 15th. Bank of America Corp upgraded Mercury Systems from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Mercury Systems in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 target price for the company. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC boosted their target price on Mercury Systems from $28.00 to $30.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $40.00. In other Mercury Systems news, insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.15, for a total transaction of $356,640.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 595,849 shares in the company, valued at approximately $22,135,790.35. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 38,400 shares of company stock valued at $1,414,944. Company insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. About Mercury Systems Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRCY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY). Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Saturday 29 April Saturday 29 April Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Editorial #Vanguardtraffic Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » News » What the NIA N13b Slush Fund Was Meant For: Following the money trail What the NIA N13b Slush Fund Was Meant For: Following the money trail On April 29, 20177:48 amIn News by Urowayino WaramiComments By Tony Eluemunor Little by little, droplets of information concerning the N13 billion uncovered in an Ikoyi luxury apartment seems to be seeping onto the public space. Yet, instead of the public being enlightened more and more by the bits of information that come through, the waters actually appear to be muddied up the more. No, this is not about the outlandish claim that the money belongs to Rivers state government where a former State Governor was alleged to have diverted it from. Some folks have even gone to the way ward extent of accusing the Federal Government of conjuring out the sum just so that the populace could be diverted from the hardship and ills unleashed on Nigerians by the economic recession. Yet, since this immediate past Monday, some little drops of facts have been coming in. Unfortunately too, some persons have made it to appear that the stashing of the money was as normal to a security agency as breathing is to man. To put this in proper perspective, Mr. Segun Adeniyi encapsulated the thinking pattern of this group when he wrote on Thursday April 27, 2017 in his THISDAY newspaper column: “I want to reserve my comments on how Nigeria has suddenly become “treasure island” where huge sums of money that have no owners are now being found almost on a daily basis. I will also keep the powder dry on the controversial N13 billion (in local and foreign currencies) belonging to the National Intelligent Agency (NIA). While the suspended NIA Director General, Ambassador Ayo Oke bungled what ordinarily should be a simple covert operation (moving cash), I also believe the EFCC should have been discrete in handling the matter given the important national security projects involved. What I find most reprehensible is the attempt to drag in the name of President Goodluck Jonathan to score a cheap political point. I have it on good authority that President Jonathan indeed approved the projects and directed the release of the 289 million Dollars to the NIA in February 2015. But those claiming that President Muhammadu Buhari is not aware of the money (including the balance of more than 30 million Dollars that is still in NIA custody) and the projects involved don’t know what they are talking about. Well, if we take Mr. Adeniyi seriously, those “who don’t know what they are talking about” include all the members of the House of Representatives, who have resolved to: “ascertain the owner of the money which was discovered by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) courtesy of a whistle-blower. The resolution followed the adoption of a motion sponsored by Hon Gabriel Kolawole who said ‘There is need for thorough investigation into the matter in order to ascertain the source of the money given the claims on its ownership, purpose and the damaging effects it is having on Federal Government’s anti-corruption drive,’”. Here, already, Representative Kolawole’s perspective is more all-encompassing than Segun Adeniyi’s which left out the question of what the money was meant for. I take it for granted that from the tone of Mr. Adeniyi’s article, he may have seen the documents Ambassador Ayodele Oke used in briefing President Mohammadu Buhari. Even then, what has been left unsaid is where the money emanated from, and what it was approved for. Was it appropriately budgeted for the usage of the NIA (National Intelligence Agency)? Enough of the preamble: I begin by saying that as the budget of the NIA in the year in question, 2015 (an election year) was all of $160m then why would the government make an extra-budgetary allocation of all of $289m to the same agency? It is from this point that every attempt to unravel the facts must begin. Also, the problem of what the money was meant for becomes clearer when one remembers that this extra-budgetary allocation to NIA was made at the same time with the money that was supposed to buy arms to combat Boko Haram insurgency, the handling of which is still being looked into by the courts as the government has alleged that the former National Security Adviser (NSA) Col Dasuki (rtd) used the money for other purposes. It is on record though that Dasuki has denied any wrong doing. Yet, as allegations go, the nation has heard tales of how the money meant to fight Boko Haram was diverted to aid former President Jonathan’s 2015 re-election bid. So, too, this emolument to NIA was meant to prepare some security outfits for some civil and non-civil battles that some folks close to government were sure would result from the election that they had thought Jonathan would win. On the civil front, the NIA money was to be used in acquiring the services of some top-flight PR agencies in the Western World to paint the Nigerian administration of 2015 in illustrious light and defend the outcome of the election to high heavens. Also, as the disregard for the Jonathan administration in the US, Britain and other leading capitals of the West, NIA would was to use part of the money to obtain the services of uncommon lobbyists and opinion leaders to advance the course of the Jonathan administration and get the Western nations to see its point of view and see it in good light. In the third leg of the civil action, some Nigerians were supposed to be sent to various capital cities to defend the Jonathan administration before the press and to win over foreign opinion leaders . Yet, it is the uncivil aspect of the war that would shock Nigerians if it ever officially comes to light; this is because the NIA was supposed to equip some armies – both private and certain cells of Nigerian official security agencies – to arise and contain the bloody uprising that they feared would have arisen had Jonathan won the election and some parts of Nigeria decided to oppose him. It is no secret that the money came from the coffers of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). The money found in the Ikoyi flat is what remained of the $289, 222, 382 that was disbursed in 2015. In fact, this entire controversy shows the failure of the Nigerian media and security agencies to follow the money trail. If they have been doing this duty, they would have paid attention to the American Public Broadcasting Service (PBS), in one of its special reports on Boko Haram and corruption in Nigeria; it publicly exhibited the document bearing the signatures of an Oil Minister and a Permanent Secretary, in the transfer of money to NIA. Part of the money was wired to New York City headquarters of a U.S. multinational banking and financial services holding company; JPMorgan Chase & Co. The date therein is February 2, 2015! In that same expose where injured Nigerian soldiers uncovered how their commanders would tell them that they lacked even bullets or petrol to get their vehicles to take them out of harm’s way and would leave them to survive any way they could, even an Adviser to Buhari Professor Bolaji Owasonoye was interviewed. It is instructive that Owasonoye complained that the money given to NSA’s office and the NIA were not spent in ways that would benefit the country. So, the question crops up: why did the Buhari administration not swing into immediate action to either recover what remained of the money or to rein in those who had the authority to spend it? The answer is simply this: the members of the administration did not know what the money was meant for and whether any amount of the money that was disbursed in February 2015 would have still been lying fallow somewhere. In fact the existence of such funds somewhere in Osborn Road, Ikoyi, Lagos flat, after two years, would have seemed implausible. So, how was the money found? The Segun Adeniyis made it appear that the suspended DG may have briefed the President but a cunning Buhari dipped the information in controversy by making EFCC to have made a dramatic find in that Osborn apartment – all in a bid to demonise former President Jonathan, under whose presidential watch the NIA slush fund was actually and incontrovertibly created. But the general belief out there is that a whistle-blower for a fee was at work. The truth is that a former NIA officer wrote a petition against Ambassador Oke, and the rest, they say, is the history that is now being written. And that is why this matter is weighty, no matter how lightly some newspaper columnists and sundry commentators may make it appear. It is from such slush funds that private armies are funded.       Urowayino Warami View all posts by Urowayino Warami → Previous Post Concerns, fears over Buhari’s health condition in Katsina Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 7:48 amWhat the NIA N13b Slush Fund Was Meant For: Following the money trail 7:46 amConcerns, fears over Buhari’s health condition in Katsina 7:46 amWrite books on Chibok girls, Boko Haram, Abubakar, Anyaoku task journalists 7:43 amClergyman proffers hope in economic recession 7:10 amNatural Cure for Staphylococcus, Gonorrhea, UTI, and other Infections 7:06 amBiafra and the menace of political pickpockets 6:30 amDon’t call me until she dies, a woman says of her mother! 6:30 amHow You Can Improve Your S3xual Performance and Last Longer In Bed Tonight  6:06 amFouled whistles in town! 6:03 amWORLD HEAVYWEIGHT TITLE FIGHT: Olufemi Joshua ready to rumble with Klitschko 5:46 amSeparating Faithful and Favour teaches us to get our act together —Dr Ade Tinubu 5:31 amPrayers to quench a raging fire? 5:28 amEnough lives have been lost for Biafra, Ohaneze Chieftain warns 5:06 amAnd the man bit the dog 5:06 amTrapped money and avoidable deaths 5:06 amComplex refineries as Nigeria’s economic fulcrum 5:04 amAFCON Qualifier: Mikel out of Bafana Bafana clash View All Sponsored Natural Cure for Staphylococcus, Gonorrhea, UTI, and other Infections Sexually transmitted diseases (STD) can be gotten through casual or unprotected sexual intercourse or through the public... How You Can Improve Your S3xual Performance and Last Longer In Bed Tonight  Forget Viagra,This Herbal Solution Cure Weak Erection and Help Last 30mins in bed Five Reasons Why You Need A Digital Bank In Your Life Editorial FMPWH’s quit notice to squatters THE Federal Ministry of Power, Works and Housing (FMPWH) recently placed advertisements in various newspapers indicating... Worrisome losses of anti-graft cases Cartoons Cartoon: Mr & Mrs Most Commented 2015 poll: How Patience Jonathan aided Buhari’s victory58 How South-East Senate Caucus, Abaribe, Jewish high priest, others secured Nnamdi Kanu's release51 Kanu finally regains freedom from Kuje Prison203 Why is Buhari hiding his state of health? - Soyinka208 UK to Jonathan: We didn’t aid Buhari to defeat you36 Breaking: Nnamdi Kanu has been released282 Breaking: Buhari absent at Jummat prayer in Aso Villa153 Videos Prayers to quench a raging fire? Call it what you like but these ladies sure put their faith and ours to test. Will this fire stop ? Can prayer quench a... Read More Vanguard awards The hard facts to rescue the Nigerian Economy by Soludo Let me thank the leadership of Vanguard Newspapers for inviting me to lead the discussion on “The Hard Facts to Rescue t... Read More E-editions The Hub Edo: Dance of the Electoral process The combatants have fought a good fight. In times like these, every Edolite, irrespective of party affiliation; and reli... Read More Frank & Fair Biafra and the menace of political pickpockets Biafra’s unzipped pockets are full of political candies, and pickpockets are circling Read More My World Trapped money and avoidable deaths Let’s not limit the trapped money to stolen funds alone. What about the religious organisations. I often wonder what the... Read More Marriage and Family And the man bit the dog A section of Nigerian women are happy. They say it is not only men who know how to enjoy younger blood, the women also d... Read More Muhammed Adamu on Thursday What does Lamido want? I ALMOST did not want to believe that former Governor of Jigawa State, Sule Lamido, had said what he was reported to hav... Read More Oil & Gas Summiteer Complex refineries as Nigeria’s economic fulcrum We have a riotous exchange rate and the solution is get dollar from our reserve to shore up the Naira value Read More Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Canon Inc (CAJ) HealthInvest Partners AB Maintains Stake in GNC Holdings Inc (GNC) Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Itau Unibanco Holding SA (ITUB) HealthInvest Partners AB Takes Position in Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. (OSIR) Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Has $541,000 Stake in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) 10,000 Shares in Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (MJN) Acquired by PARK CIRCLE Co PARK CIRCLE Co Has $977,000 Position in Moelis & Co (MC) Vector Group Ltd (VGR) is PARK CIRCLE Co’s 8th Largest Position Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) Stake Increased by Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Analysts Set Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANTH) PT at $1.38 Analysts Set Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) PT at $95.00 Zacks: Analysts Expect Armstrong Flooring Inc (AFI) to Announce -$0.11 EPS Essex Investment Management Co. LLC Has $2.051 Million Stake in Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI) Receives Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG New Gold Inc. (NGD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Bancorp Inc (TBBK) Issues Earnings Results Palisade Asset Management LLC Has $8.945 Million Position in L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Virtu Financial LLC Acquires 276 Shares of Core Laboratories (CLB) CSI Compressco (CCLP) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.30 Baxter International (BAX) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Canon Inc (CAJ) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wetherby Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Canon Inc (NYSE:CAJ) by 11.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 20,149 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 2,071 shares during the period. Wetherby Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Canon were worth $630,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in CAJ. Conning Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Canon during the first quarter worth $313,000. Mondrian Investment Partners LTD raised its position in shares of Canon by 31.8% in the first quarter. Mondrian Investment Partners LTD now owns 1,238,737 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $38,401,000 after buying an additional 299,000 shares in the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Canon during the first quarter worth $420,000. Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its position in shares of Canon by 5.8% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 124,780 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $3,902,000 after buying an additional 6,790 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Regentatlantic Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Canon by 1.0% in the first quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC now owns 36,145 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,130,000 after buying an additional 365 shares in the last quarter. 1.49% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Canon Inc (NYSE:CAJ) traded down 0.45% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $33.21. The company had a trading volume of 237,387 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $31.29 and its 200-day moving average price is $29.52. Canon Inc has a 12 month low of $27.18 and a 12 month high of $33.45. The company has a market capitalization of $36.27 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.21 and a beta of 0.60. Canon (NYSE:CAJ) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The technology company reported $0.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.22. Canon had a return on equity of 5.18% and a net margin of 4.44%. The company had revenue of $8.69 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.04 billion. Equities research analysts anticipate that Canon Inc will post $1.49 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Canon Inc (CAJ)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/wetherby-asset-management-inc-raises-position-in-canon-inc-caj.html. Several analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Canon from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday. TheStreet raised Canon from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Canon from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $36.00. Canon Company Profile Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CAJ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Canon Inc (NYSE:CAJ). Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News J C Penney Company (JCP) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Maxwell Technologies (MXWL) Share Price BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Forecasted to Post FY2019 Earnings of $1.40 Per Share Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact NxStage Medical (NXTM) Stock Price TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.19 Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Netflix, Inc.’s FY2019 Earnings (NFLX) FY2019 EPS Estimates for Stryker Co. (SYK) Lowered by Jefferies Group FY2019 Earnings Forecast for Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Issued By Jefferies Group Cimpress NV to Post FY2019 Earnings of $3.00 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (CMPR) B. Riley Comments on Malibu Boats Inc’s Q3 2019 Earnings (MBUU) Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) to Sell Cameco Corp (CCJ) Stock Price Down 8.7% After Earnings Miss Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Canon Inc (CAJ) HealthInvest Partners AB Maintains Stake in GNC Holdings Inc (GNC) Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Itau Unibanco Holding SA (ITUB) HealthInvest Partners AB Takes Position in Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. (OSIR) Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Has $541,000 Stake in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) 10,000 Shares in Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (MJN) Acquired by PARK CIRCLE Co PARK CIRCLE Co Has $977,000 Position in Moelis & Co (MC) TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.19 April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media stories about TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (NYSE:FTI) have trended somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne reports. AlphaOne, a service of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by monitoring more than twenty million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share earned a media sentiment score of 0.19 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news coverage about the oil and gas company an impact score of 81 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is very likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the media stories that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Edited Transcript of FTI.N earnings conference call or presentation 27-Apr-17 12:00pm GMT (finance.yahoo.com) TechnipFMC (FTI) Q1 Earnings Beat, Announces Stock Buyback (finance.yahoo.com) Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Reaches $66.85 After 7.00% Up Move, Tig Advisors Cut Fmc Technologies (FTI … – High Point Observer (highpointobserver.com) TechnipFMC Awarded an EPC Contract for a Sulfate Reduction Plant in Abu Dhabi (finance.yahoo.com) TechnipFMC plc Q1 Earnings Advance 92% (nasdaq.com) TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (NYSE:FTI) traded down 0.23% on Friday, hitting $30.13. 2,858,219 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $3.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.11 and a beta of 1.01. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $32.19 and a 200 day moving average price of $33.39. TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share has a 1-year low of $29.91 and a 1-year high of $36.14. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on FTI. Jefferies Group LLC began coverage on shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Monday, February 6th. They set a “hold” rating and a $34.00 price objective for the company. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “hold” rating and set a $42.00 price objective on shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Friday, January 6th. Scotiabank set a $40.00 price objective on shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $38.00 to $44.00 in a report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Barclays PLC began coverage on shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $38.00 price objective for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $35.72. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.19” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/technipfmc-plc-ordinary-share-fti-earns-news-sentiment-score-of-0-19.html. In other news, insider Richard G. Alabaster sold 8,000 shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share stock in a transaction on Monday, March 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.29, for a total transaction of $250,320.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 60,418 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,890,479.22. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP Mark J. Scott sold 32,000 shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.87, for a total value of $1,019,840.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 77,678 shares in the company, valued at $2,475,597.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 50,140 shares of company stock worth $1,604,983 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.86% of the company’s stock. About TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share FMC Technologies, Inc is a global provider of technology solutions for the energy industry. The Company designs, manufactures and services a range of systems and products, including subsea production and processing systems, surface wellhead production systems, high pressure fluid control equipment, measurement solutions and marine loading systems. Receive News & Ratings for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Northwest Bancshares Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northwest Bancshares Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Set Expectations for Northwest Bancshares, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (NWBI) FutureFuel Corp. (FF) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Impact Murphy Oil (MUR) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Microvision (MVIS) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Concho Resources (CXO) Share Price Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) is Reilly Herbert Faulkner III’s 5th Largest Position Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts First Bank & Trust Has $173,000 Stake in BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Reilly Herbert Faulkner III Increases Position in Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Has $28.335 Million Position in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) First Bank & Trust Sells 668 Shares of Trinity Industries Inc (TRN) Dowling & Yahnke LLC Decreases Stake in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) First Bank & Trust Raises Stake in PRA Health Sciences Inc (PRAH) First Bank & Trust Buys 9,523 Shares of AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Position Lowered by Dowling & Yahnke LLC Conning Inc. Holds Position in Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Texas Roadhouse’s (TXRH) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Maxim Group Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Price Target Raised to $54.00 at Monness Crespi & Hardt Celgene Co. (CELG) Receives Buy Rating from Cann Intuit Inc. (INTU) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Benchmark Co. Brokers Set Expectations for Northwest Bancshares, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (NWBI) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:NWBI) – Research analysts at DA Davidson cut their FY2018 earnings estimates for Northwest Bancshares in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. DA Davidson analyst R. Gunther now anticipates that the savings and loans company will earn $0.90 per share for the year, down from their previous estimate of $0.95. DA Davidson currently has a “Neutral” rating and a $18.00 target price on the stock. Northwest Bancshares (NASDAQ:NWBI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, January 23rd. The savings and loans company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.25. The company earned $107.76 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $111.40 million. Northwest Bancshares had a return on equity of 7.31% and a net margin of 11.46%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/brokers-set-expectations-for-northwest-bancshares-inc-s-fy2018-earnings-nwbi.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised Northwest Bancshares from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $16.40. Shares of Northwest Bancshares (NASDAQ:NWBI) traded down 1.82% during trading on Friday, hitting $16.14. The stock had a trading volume of 655,646 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $16.85 and its 200 day moving average price is $17.27. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.94 and a beta of 0.62. Northwest Bancshares has a 1-year low of $13.63 and a 1-year high of $19.10. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be issued a dividend of $0.16 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 2nd. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.97%. Northwest Bancshares’s payout ratio is 130.61%. In other news, CFO William W. Harvey sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.72, for a total transaction of $177,200.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 151,399 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,682,790.28. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, COO David E. Westerburg sold 20,887 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.34, for a total value of $383,067.58. Following the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 29,105 shares in the company, valued at $533,785.70. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 85,680 shares of company stock worth $1,536,895 over the last three months. Insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in NWBI. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Northwest Bancshares by 12.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 7,369,940 shares of the savings and loans company’s stock valued at $115,782,000 after buying an additional 807,120 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in Northwest Bancshares by 22.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 30,340 shares of the savings and loans company’s stock valued at $477,000 after buying an additional 5,647 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in Northwest Bancshares by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 775,856 shares of the savings and loans company’s stock valued at $12,189,000 after buying an additional 4,188 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Northwest Bancshares by 34,605.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 402,928 shares of the savings and loans company’s stock valued at $6,330,000 after buying an additional 401,767 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in Northwest Bancshares by 9.0% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 17,982 shares of the savings and loans company’s stock valued at $282,000 after buying an additional 1,489 shares during the last quarter. 67.11% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Northwest Bancshares Company Profile Northwest Bancshares, Inc (Northwest) is a savings and loan holding company. The Company’s principal business consists of attracting deposits and making loans secured by various types of collateral, including real estate and other assets in the markets in which it operates. Its segments include Community Banking and Consumer Finance. Receive News & Ratings for Northwest Bancshares Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northwest Bancshares Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) is Reilly Herbert Faulkner III’s 5th Largest Position Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts First Bank & Trust Has $173,000 Stake in BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Reilly Herbert Faulkner III Increases Position in Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Has $28.335 Million Position in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) First Bank & Trust Sells 668 Shares of Trinity Industries Inc (TRN) Dowling & Yahnke LLC Decreases Stake in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) First Bank & Trust Raises Stake in PRA Health Sciences Inc (PRAH) First Bank & Trust Buys 9,523 Shares of AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Position Lowered by Dowling & Yahnke LLC Conning Inc. Holds Position in Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Texas Roadhouse’s (TXRH) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Maxim Group Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Price Target Raised to $54.00 at Monness Crespi & Hardt Celgene Co. (CELG) Receives Buy Rating from Cann Intuit Inc. (INTU) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Benchmark Co. STMicroelectronics NV (STM) Given Buy Rating at Craig Hallum Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.14 EPS Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies Sound Financial Bancorp, Inc. (SFBC) Plans $0.10 Quarterly Dividend Ensco Plc (ESV) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Has $28.335 Million Position in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. cut its stake in shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) by 6.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 318,476 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 21,230 shares during the period. Cullen/Frost Bankers makes up approximately 1.0% of Cullen Frost Bankers Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 22nd largest position. Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. owned about 0.50% of Cullen/Frost Bankers worth $28,335,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. raised its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 158.6% in the third quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. now owns 23,998 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $1,724,000 after buying an additional 14,719 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 2.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,635,409 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $117,651,000 after buying an additional 38,944 shares in the last quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 10.3% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 9,560 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $843,000 after buying an additional 890 shares in the last quarter. Rowland & Co. Investment Counsel ADV raised its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 10.0% in the third quarter. Rowland & Co. Investment Counsel ADV now owns 56,461 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $4,062,000 after buying an additional 5,144 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Northern Trust Corp raised its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 5.2% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 520,005 shares of the bank’s stock worth $37,409,000 after buying an additional 25,909 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 81.64% of the company’s stock. Shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) traded down 1.03% on Friday, reaching $94.39. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 425,896 shares. Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. has a 52-week low of $57.94 and a 52-week high of $97.56. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $89.19 and a 200 day moving average of $86.14. The company has a market cap of $6.02 billion, a PE ratio of 20.07 and a beta of 1.20. Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The bank reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.06. The firm earned $292.21 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $319.56 million. Cullen/Frost Bankers had a net margin of 26.73% and a return on equity of 10.39%. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.07 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. will post $5.23 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be given a dividend of $0.57 per share. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 26th. This is an increase from Cullen/Frost Bankers’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.54. This represents a $2.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.42%. Cullen/Frost Bankers’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 45.96%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/cullen-frost-bankers-inc-has-28-335-million-position-in-cullenfrost-bankers-inc-cfr.html. CFR has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Cullen/Frost Bankers from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Barclays PLC increased their price target on Cullen/Frost Bankers from $89.00 to $96.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $94.00 price target on Cullen/Frost Bankers and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Raymond James Financial, Inc. initiated coverage on Cullen/Frost Bankers in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Cullen/Frost Bankers from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $67.00 to $95.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $83.33. In other Cullen/Frost Bankers news, insider Bobby Berman sold 7,940 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $93.35, for a total transaction of $741,199.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 38,596 shares in the company, valued at $3,602,936.60. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Patrick B. Frost sold 13,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $92.94, for a total transaction of $1,208,220.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 162,197 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $15,074,589.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 8.03% of the company’s stock. About Cullen/Frost Bankers Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc is a financial holding company and a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides a range of products and services throughout Texas markets. The Company’s segments include Banking, Frost Wealth Advisors and Non-Banks. The Banking segment includes both commercial and consumer banking services, and Frost Insurance Agency. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CFR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR). Receive News & Ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cempra Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cempra Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance PCM Inc (PCMI) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Cempra (CEMP) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact McKesson (MCK) Share Price Knight Transportation (KNX) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.27 Imperva (IMPV) Given Media Impact Score of 0.26 Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (HOS) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages MedEquities Realty Trust Inc (MRT) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Danaher Co. (DHR) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Wedbush Weighs in on Wipro Limited’s Q3 2018 Earnings (WIT) Q3 2018 Earnings Estimate for Conn's Inc (CONN) Issued By KeyCorp Tivity Health Inc (TVTY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Twitter Inc (TWTR) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Timmins Gold Corp (TGD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Sells 1,125 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Position Maintained by Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Cempra (CEMP) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Cempra (NASDAQ:CEMP) have trended positive recently, according to Alpha One. The research group, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Cempra earned a media sentiment score of 0.30 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media stories about the biotechnology company an impact score of 85 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near term. These are some of the media stories that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: CEMPRA, INC. : Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits (form 8-K) (4-traders.com) Executive set to leave Chapel Hill pharmaceutical company Cempra (heraldsun.com) Cempra, Inc. (CEMP) (seekingalpha.com) Cempra Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Update (finance.yahoo.com) Cempra reports 1Q loss (marketbeat.com) Cempra (NASDAQ:CEMP) traded up 11.69% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $4.30. 2,196,633 shares of the stock were exchanged. Cempra has a 52 week low of $2.55 and a 52 week high of $26.95. The company’s market capitalization is $225.29 million. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $3.86 and its 200 day moving average is $6.74. Cempra (NASDAQ:CEMP) last issued its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.44) earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.53) by $0.09. Cempra had a negative net margin of 678.72% and a negative return on equity of 59.94%. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.61) earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that Cempra will post ($1.19) EPS for the current year. CEMP has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Roth Capital downgraded shares of Cempra from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $2.50 price objective for the company. in a research report on Friday, December 30th. Vetr raised shares of Cempra from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $5.15 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Cempra in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Cempra from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Cempra in a research report on Friday, December 30th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $11.88. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Cempra (CEMP) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/28/cempra-cemp-receiving-positive-media-coverage-analysis-finds.html. In other Cempra news, Director Dov A. Md Goldstein sold 150,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $3.55, for a total transaction of $532,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 95 shares in the company, valued at $337.25. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 17.80% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Cempra Company Profile Cempra, Inc is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on developing differentiated antibiotics for the acute care and community settings to meet medical needs in the treatment of bacterial infectious diseases, particularly respiratory tract infections and chronic staphylococcal infections. Receive News & Ratings for Cempra Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cempra Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
GM is motoring as profit jumps 34 pct on US truck, SUV sales - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS NFL Draft 2017 LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map The Investigators: School bus safety WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business GM is motoring as profit jumps 34 pct on US truck, SUV sales 2017-04-28T18:48:00Z2017-04-28T18:48:00Z (AP Photo/Charles Krupa). This Monday, April 24, 2017, photo, shows the Chevrolet emblem on the grill of an Equinox compact sport utility vehicle at Quirk Auto Dealers in Manchester, N.H. General Motors Co. reports financial results, Friday, April 28, ... (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). In this April 25, 2017, photo, a GMC truck sits in a General Motors dealer's lot in Nashville, Tenn. General Motors Co. reports financial results, Friday, April 28, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). In this April 25, 2017, photo, a General Motors dealer's sign stands in Nashville, Tenn. General Motors Co. reports financial results, Friday, April 28, 2017. By TOM KRISHER AP Auto Writer DETROIT (AP) - People are buying more SUVs and trucks and paying General Motors handsomely for them, pushing the company's first-quarter net income up 34 percent to a record $2.6 billion. U.S. sales of large truck-based SUVs such as the Chevrolet Tahoe rose nearly 15 percent for the quarter to almost 54,000. Pickup truck and van sales were up 1 percent to 238,000, and sales of smaller SUVs rose 16 percent to nearly 219,000, according to GM. Analysts say GM makes $10,000 or more on each big SUV and pickup as people load them out with options. The average Tahoe, for instance, sold for more than $58,000 in the past quarter, up slightly from a year ago, according to Kelley Blue Book. Top-line versions with leather seating, sunroof and advanced safety electronics, sell for more than $65,000. That helped drive up GM's average vehicle sale price to over $34,000, beating the industry average by $3,000, the company said. "All of our facilities, full-size SUVs and the three truck plants, are running full-on, three shifts, to meet demand," Chief Financial Officer Chuck Stevens said. GM's earnings and revenue soundly beat Wall street expectations. Earnings of $1.70 per share shattered the $1.47 predicted by analysts polled by FactSet. Revenue was up 11 percent to $41.2 billion, exceeding estimates of $40.6 billion. Despite the strong performance, GM shares rose less than 1 percent to $34.71 in Friday afternoon trading. Investors, analysts say, are concerned that auto sales have peaked and so have the stocks. "It's not fair, as we believe GM deserves to be better rewarded for overall strong results and execution," Barclays analyst Brian Johnson wrote in a note to investors. "Unfortunately sometimes the prevailing market sentiment can be overly difficult to fight." GM made $3.4 billion before taxes in North America, up almost 50 percent, or $1.1 billion, from a year ago. Stevens attributed $400 million of the increase to better prices on trucks and SUVs, and $500 million in cost cuts. GM's U.S. sales rose just under 1 percent in the quarter while the whole industry was down 1.5 percent. Stevens expects the pickup market to remain strong through the year largely because the average age of a U.S. truck is 14 years, above the overall fleet age of about 11.5 years. Also, gas prices should remain low, and any infrastructure spending that comes from President Donald Trump will increase construction and raise pickup demand. GM lost $200 million in Europe for the quarter because of the falling British Pound due to the vote to exit the European Union. That loss won't be a drag in the future because GM is selling its European Opel and Vauxhall brands to French carmaker PSA Group for roughly $2.33 billion (2.2 billion euros). GM expects to take a $4.5 billion charge when the sale closes, perhaps as early as the second quarter. The company favors Trump's proposed corporate tax rate cut, but its impact would be limited for the next five years. That's because GM still has $34 billion worth of deferred tax assets and net operating losses to be used as write-downs. Those came mainly from before GM's 2009 bankruptcy, and they reduce its corporate tax rate to under 10 percent, Stevens said. Trump's tax plan would slash the corporate rate from 35 percent to 15 percent, a boon to most companies even though many don't pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 percent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. GM also made other news during Friday's conference call with analysts: - Stevens indicated that GM is looking at white-collar cost cuts as it simplifies its business after the exit from Europe. Simplification "will allow us to take significant structure out of the business, whether it's corporate staff, whether it's engineering staff," he said on a conference call. - CEO Mary Barra shot down speculation that she may go to work in the Trump administration. "I'm 150 percent committed to General Motors," she said, adding that she wants to lead GM in transforming transportation. "So that's where my focus is and will be going forward," Barra said. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Focus turns to senator with doctor guilty of Medicare fraud Focus turns to senator with doctor guilty of Medicare fraud Posted: Saturday, April 29 2017 3:00 AM EDT2017-04-29 07:00:19 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 3:00 AM EDT2017-04-29 07:00:19 GMT A prominent Florida eye doctor has been convicted on all counts in his Medicare fraud trial, raising the possibility he could be pressured to testify in the bribery trial of New Jersey Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez.More >> A prominent Florida eye doctor has been convicted on all counts in his Medicare fraud trial, raising the possibility he could be pressured to testify in the bribery trial of New Jersey Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez.More >> Arkansas will face challenges replenishing execution supply Arkansas will face challenges replenishing execution supply Posted: Saturday, April 29 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-04-29 06:59:55 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-04-29 06:59:55 GMT Experts say Arkansas will have a harder time getting more lethal injection drugs after an unprecedented court challenge by a drug distributor and possible complications during at least one of the four executions...More >> Experts say Arkansas will have a harder time getting more lethal injection drugs after an unprecedented court challenge by a drug distributor and possible complications during at least one of the four executions the state carried out this month.More >> Methodist court ruling a blow for openly lesbian bishop Methodist court ruling a blow for openly lesbian bishop Posted: Saturday, April 29 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-04-29 06:59:31 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-04-29 06:59:31 GMT The top court for the United Methodist Church says an openly lesbian bishop can stay on the job for now.More >> The top court for the United Methodist Church says an openly lesbian bishop can stay on the job for now.More >> Friends hail woman, 86, killed trying to stop attack as hero Friends hail woman, 86, killed trying to stop attack as hero Posted: Saturday, April 29 2017 2:51 AM EDT2017-04-29 06:51:06 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-04-29 06:55:01 GMT A young man has been arrested in the death of an 86-year-old California woman who was sexually assaulted and beaten during a morning walk.More >> A young man has been arrested in the death of an 86-year-old California woman who was sexually assaulted and beaten during a morning walk.More >> Arkansas governor dismisses calls for full execution probe Arkansas governor dismisses calls for full execution probe Posted: Saturday, April 29 2017 2:51 AM EDT2017-04-29 06:51:02 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 29 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-04-29 06:54:58 GMT The last of four Arkansas executions over an eight-day period has prompted calls for an investigation after the inmate lurched and convulsed while strapped to the gurney.More >> The last of four Arkansas executions over an eight-day period has prompted calls for an investigation after the inmate lurched and convulsed while strapped to the gurney.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> In invasive species battle, thinking outside the cage works In invasive species battle, thinking outside the cage works New, creative but more high-tech methods may finally be turning the tide in the fight against invasive species More >> New, creative but more high-tech methods may finally be turning the tide in the fight against invasive speciesMore >> Different president, same old government shutdown threats Different president, same old government shutdown threats Many of the players have changed in Congress and the White House, but the same gridlock and partisan brinksmanship of the past eight years have lawmakers scrambling to avoid a government shutdown this week. More >> Many of the players have changed in Congress and the White House, but the same gridlock and partisan brinksmanship of the past eight years have lawmakers scrambling to avoid a government shutdown this week.More >> New scrutiny of timeline after Arkansas executes 4th inmate New scrutiny of timeline after Arkansas executes 4th inmate The last of four Arkansas executions over an eight-day period has prompted calls for an investigation after the inmate lurched and convulsed while strapped to the gurney More >> The last of four Arkansas executions over an eight-day period has prompted calls for an investigation after the inmate lurched and convulsed while strapped to the gurneyMore >> United moves to ease criticism with settlement, new policies United moves to ease criticism with settlement, new policies United Airlines moved to staunch criticism _ and any customer defections _ by reaching a settlement with David Dao, the passenger dragged off one of its planes two weeks ago and issuing new policies designed to prevent similar customer service failures More >> United Airlines moved to staunch criticism _ and any customer defections _ by reaching a settlement with David Dao, the passenger dragged off one of its planes two weeks ago and issuing new policies designed to prevent similar customer service failuresMore >> Pentagon joins intensifying probe of former Trump aide Flynn Pentagon joins intensifying probe of former Trump aide Flynn Investigations intensified into President Donald Trump's ousted national security adviser, Michael Flynn, on Thursday as the Pentagon watchdog joined lawmakers in probing payments he accepted from foreign sources More >> Investigations intensified into President Donald Trump's ousted national security adviser, Michael Flynn, on Thursday as the Pentagon watchdog joined lawmakers in probing payments he accepted from foreign sourcesMore >> Pentagon joins intensifying probe of former Trump aide Flynn Pentagon joins intensifying probe of former Trump aide Flynn Investigations intensified into President Donald Trump's ousted national security adviser, Michael Flynn, on Thursday as the Pentagon watchdog joined lawmakers in probing payments he accepted from foreign sources More >> Investigations intensified into President Donald Trump's ousted national security adviser, Michael Flynn, on Thursday as the Pentagon watchdog joined lawmakers in probing payments he accepted from foreign sourcesMore >> Trump says US won't leave NAFTA _ for now Trump says US won't leave NAFTA _ for now President Donald Trump has told leaders of Mexico and Canada that he will not immediately bolt the North American Free Trade Agreement. More >> President Donald Trump has told leaders of Mexico and Canada that he will not immediately bolt the North American Free Trade Agreement.More >> Trump team softens war talk, vows other pressure on NKorea Trump team softens war talk, vows other pressure on NKorea The Trump administration tells lawmakers it will apply economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea to dismantle its nuclear weapons program More >> The Trump administration tells lawmakers it will apply economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea to dismantle its nuclear weapons programMore >> Carson eyes private sector as tool to offset housing cuts Carson eyes private sector as tool to offset housing cuts Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson says he expects to release an agenda within the next few months that delivers "bang for the buck," partly by encouraging more private-sector collaboration More >> Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson says he expects to release an agenda within the next few months that delivers "bang for the buck," partly by encouraging more private-sector collaborationMore >> Mysterious drop in prized bait worms threatens a way of life Mysterious drop in prized bait worms threatens a way of life A mysterious drop in the harvest of two of the most popular worms for sport fishermen is proving expensive for anglers and threatening a way of life More >> A mysterious drop in the harvest of two of the most popular worms for sport fishermen is proving expensive for anglers and threatening a way of lifeMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 44° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Cloudy early with showers for the afternoon hours. High 51F. Winds NE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Showers early becoming a steady rain late. Low 39F. Winds NE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 70%. Updated: April 29, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 3 Mark Humphrey In this April 25, 2017, photo, a General Motors dealer's sign stands in Nashville, Tenn. General Motors Co. reports financial results, Friday, April 28, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) Charles Krupa This Monday, April 24, 2017, photo, shows the Chevrolet emblem on the grill of an Equinox compact sport utility vehicle at Quirk Auto Dealers in Manchester, N.H. General Motors Co. reports financial results, Friday, April 28, 2017. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) Mark Humphrey In this April 25, 2017, photo, a GMC truck sits in a General Motors dealer's lot in Nashville, Tenn. General Motors Co. reports financial results, Friday, April 28, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) AP GM is motoring as profit jumps 34 pct on US truck, SUV sales By TOM KRISHER AP Auto Writer Apr 28, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago 0 Mark Humphrey In this April 25, 2017, photo, a General Motors dealer's sign stands in Nashville, Tenn. General Motors Co. reports financial results, Friday, April 28, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) Charles Krupa This Monday, April 24, 2017, photo, shows the Chevrolet emblem on the grill of an Equinox compact sport utility vehicle at Quirk Auto Dealers in Manchester, N.H. General Motors Co. reports financial results, Friday, April 28, 2017. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) Mark Humphrey In this April 25, 2017, photo, a GMC truck sits in a General Motors dealer's lot in Nashville, Tenn. General Motors Co. reports financial results, Friday, April 28, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey) DETROIT (AP) — People are buying more SUVs and trucks and paying General Motors handsomely for them, pushing the company's first-quarter net income up 34 percent to a record $2.6 billion. U.S. sales of large truck-based SUVs such as the Chevrolet Tahoe rose nearly 15 percent for the quarter to almost 54,000. Pickup truck and van sales were up 1 percent to 238,000, and sales of smaller SUVs rose 16 percent to nearly 219,000, according to GM. Analysts say GM makes $10,000 or more on each big SUV and pickup as people load them out with options. The average Tahoe, for instance, sold for more than $58,000 in the past quarter, up slightly from a year ago, according to Kelley Blue Book. Top-line versions with leather seating, sunroof and advanced safety electronics, sell for more than $65,000. That helped drive up GM's average vehicle sale price to over $34,000, beating the industry average by $3,000, the company said. "All of our facilities, full-size SUVs and the three truck plants, are running full-on, three shifts, to meet demand," Chief Financial Officer Chuck Stevens said. GM's earnings and revenue soundly beat Wall street expectations. Earnings of $1.70 per share shattered the $1.47 predicted by analysts polled by FactSet. Revenue was up 11 percent to $41.2 billion, exceeding estimates of $40.6 billion. Despite the strong performance, GM shares rose less than 1 percent to $34.71 in Friday afternoon trading. Investors, analysts say, are concerned that auto sales have peaked and so have the stocks. "It's not fair, as we believe GM deserves to be better rewarded for overall strong results and execution," Barclays analyst Brian Johnson wrote in a note to investors. "Unfortunately sometimes the prevailing market sentiment can be overly difficult to fight." GM made $3.4 billion before taxes in North America, up almost 50 percent, or $1.1 billion, from a year ago. Stevens attributed $400 million of the increase to better prices on trucks and SUVs, and $500 million in cost cuts. GM's U.S. sales rose just under 1 percent in the quarter while the whole industry was down 1.5 percent. Stevens expects the pickup market to remain strong through the year largely because the average age of a U.S. truck is 14 years, above the overall fleet age of about 11.5 years. Also, gas prices should remain low, and any infrastructure spending that comes from President Donald Trump will increase construction and raise pickup demand. GM lost $200 million in Europe for the quarter because of the falling British Pound due to the vote to exit the European Union. That loss won't be a drag in the future because GM is selling its European Opel and Vauxhall brands to French carmaker PSA Group for roughly $2.33 billion (2.2 billion euros). GM expects to take a $4.5 billion charge when the sale closes, perhaps as early as the second quarter. The company favors Trump's proposed corporate tax rate cut, but its impact would be limited for the next five years. That's because GM still has $34 billion worth of deferred tax assets and net operating losses to be used as write-downs. Those came mainly from before GM's 2009 bankruptcy, and they reduce its corporate tax rate to under 10 percent, Stevens said. Trump's tax plan would slash the corporate rate from 35 percent to 15 percent, a boon to most companies even though many don't pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 percent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. GM also made other news during Friday's conference call with analysts: — Stevens indicated that GM is looking at white-collar cost cuts as it simplifies its business after the exit from Europe. Simplification "will allow us to take significant structure out of the business, whether it's corporate staff, whether it's engineering staff," he said on a conference call. — CEO Mary Barra shot down speculation that she may go to work in the Trump administration. "I'm 150 percent committed to General Motors," she said, adding that she wants to lead GM in transforming transportation. "So that's where my focus is and will be going forward," Barra said. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Earnings Estimates Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Sales Figures Automobile Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Nosh opens in Valley View Mall food court Herberger's to expand into former Macy's location at Valley View Mall After four decades, Pearl Street Books owner still enjoys the business The Best U.S. Cities to Start a Business Abating bait: Decline in prized worms threatens way of life Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Weekahead: Hot earnings to keep fire under growth-stock rally Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Weekahead: Hot earnings to keep fire under growth-stock rally Advertisement Business Weekahead: Hot earnings to keep fire under growth-stock rally Don't look for the outperformance of growth stocks to fade any time soon, as long as corporate earnings continue to improve and hopes remain for stronger economic growth. Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (PHoto: REUTERS/Brendan McDermid) 29 Apr 2017 03:20AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail NEW YORK: Don't look for the outperformance of growth stocks to fade any time soon, as long as corporate earnings continue to improve and hopes remain for stronger economic growth. The Russell 1000 Growth index , which tracks such shares, is up 10.9 percent so far this year, outpacing the U.S. benchmark S&P 500 stock index's 6.6 percent rise and the 2.8 percent advance of the Russell 1000 Value index . And it's not just a U.S. phenomenon. Growth stocks - whose profits are expected to grow at a faster pace than the broader market - are also outperforming their value counterparts in Asia and Europe. Still, the appeal of riskier stocks perceived as better positioned to ride an accelerating global earnings tailwind, as opposed to those with a greater cushion of safety, is nowhere as far ahead as it is on Wall Street. In the United States, an improving outlook for corporate earnings should help keep growth names in vogue, according to John Praveen, chief investment strategist at Prudential International Investments Advisers LLC in Newark, New Jersey. The average estimate of analysts for earnings per share growth this year of S&P 500 companies has risen to 11.3 percent from 10.9 percent at the start of the month, according to Thomson Reuters data, a trend that should continue to blunt concerns about lofty growth valuations. Advertisement "When you have an earnings recovery, growth stocks will outperform. When you don't have good earnings, that's when people are looking for value," said Praveen. Hopes for pro-business U.S. policy changes under the administration of President Donald Trump will likely also keep expectations for economic growth elevated, helping to maintain the case for growth stocks. "The value stocks have done okay but growth has done so much better in the anticipation we'll see a pickup in economic growth," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. "Companies that are going to be more levered to economic growth tend to be growth stocks." "Right now I don't see a long term condition for value stocks to outperform growth," said Nolte. To be sure, some strategists are less convinced that growth stock outperformance will continue indefinitely. While value stocks, which are cheaper relative to their earnings potential, have tended to do better in slower growth environments historically, JP Morgan Asset Management's global market strategist David Lebovitz says that trend has been changing. "It’s not going to be smooth sailing for one or the other. We think there'll be times people are more optimistic about the economy and in those cases, value can rally. Then you'll see periods where people are less optimistic about the economy, as we've seen over the course of the first quarter," he said. If economic trends look better in the second quarter, value stocks will do better, Lebovitz said. In Asia, the MSCI AC Asia ex Japan growth index , is up 18.5 percent so far this year, compared with a 12.6 percent gain for the comparable MSCI value index . Investment in India, traditionally a growth-driven market, has adjusted in recent years as value stocks have narrowed the gap with growth, which still lead, said Jayesh Shroff, co-founder of investment advisory Cask Capital in Mumbai. "That is because people were paying a premium for growth and somehow the growth did not materialize. That's why value came back and growth has taken a slight back seat," said Shroff. Still, he said as soon as growth returns, he expects investors to switch their focus back from value. In China, between 2009 and the 2015 stock market crash, small-cap growth stocks were the market’s darlings, but "a new rotation into value blue-chip investments started in 2016,” according to Zhou Liang, fund manager at Shanghai Minority Asset Management Co. “In 2017, money will flow into blue-chips, as small-caps weaken and lose their luster,” said Zhou. In Europe, the best outlook for corporate profits in seven years has ignited investor appetite for growth stocks, which are now up twice as much as their value counterparts so far this year, a reversal of the trend seen last year. As a result the MSCI International Europe growth Index has jumped 8.9 percent this year so far, compared with a 4.5 percent gain for the MSCI International Europe Value index . With such a big gap between U.S. growth and value stocks, some investors are eying overseas investments. "The entire U.S. market is very expensive. Value investors definitely don't like to chase expensive valuations," said Michael O’Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut. "I wouldn't expect to see a rotation until you saw a correction where both stock types are lower." (Additional reporting by Abhirup Roy in Mumbai, Samuel Shen in Shanghai, Helen Reid in London; Editing by Dan Burns and Bernadette Baum) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
